A 28-year-old chef found dead at the mall in San Francisco
A 28-year-old cook who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairway of the local shopping mall this week.
However, the victim's brother says that he cannot imagine anyone who would want to hurt him, noting, "At last, he had a way of doing things."
-The body found at Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as a 28-year-old resident of San Francisco Frank Galicia, reported to the San Francisco Forensics Bureau.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death was classified as murder and that the investigation continues.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told a channel KGO television ABC in San Francisco that Frank, the past, was a cook of the distribution line in Boston, got his dream job as a cook at a San Francisco's sons & daughters six months ago.
The representative of Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and depressed" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a friendly family and will be sorely missed," said the representative.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank during this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said Frank was staying at the hostel, but lately "he was finally doing his thing."
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Luis Galicia said KGO.
Luis Galicia said he couldn't imagine anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a big heart.
"His way of contacting the family was always to cook us some dish, make us dinner," said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be involved in any quarrel.
He was a brother who swam through the river.
"With all the bad things that happen to this world, he was the neogranennym diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who owns the information is asked to call the hot line SFPD by the number 415-575-4444.
Churkin stated that the meeting of the security of the United Nations in Crimea was useful.
The Permanent Representative of the Russian Federation, Vitaly Churkin, stated that the past meeting of the United Nations Security Council on Crimea had been useful, passing the bulletin.
"I think the discussion was useful for us, and we gave them information about what happened," said Churkin.
He explained that, in the closed consultations of security, he had provided Member States with information on incidents in the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read out a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RF, which "expresses concern and indignation at the attempted terrorist act and sabotage in the territory of the Republic of Crimea".
The Russian national team came into the final combined relay 4 to 100 m.
The Russian national team was able to reach the final combined relay 4 to 100 meters in the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Russians were represented by Anton Chupkov, Yevgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasiewicz.
They sailed a distance of 3 minutes 32.95 seconds.
Russians showed the sixth result.
In the preliminary round, the best time for the British is 3 minutes, 30.47 seconds.
The finale will take place later on Saturday.
Russian Rapiristy defeated the Americans and went to the final tournament on the Oi.
The Russian fencing team went to the final tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semifinals, Russian athletes beat the American team against the 45:41.
The finale will be held in 00.30, with the Russians to fight the French team, which in the semi-finals won a duel with the Italians with the 45:30 account.
The Russian judo went to the 1/8 final of the Olympiad.
The Russian judo Renan said on Friday overcame Austrian Allershtorfera in the 1/16 finals of the Olympic Games in a category above 100 kg, and reports the competition website.
In one eighth final, Russian will meet Brazilian, Raphael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Russian Olympic Games were brought by the Judokas.
Beslan Mudranov became the best in the weight category to 60 kg, Hasan Halmurzaev in category up to 81 kg.
So far, the Russian national team occupies the seventh place in medal set with 19 awards.
The size of debt Italy has risen to record levels
The size of the Italian debt in June 2016 exceeded 2.248 trillion euros.
In the central bank, the country stated that this amount was the historic maximum, and it broadcasts RIA news.
The previous negative record was set in May this year.
Then the size of the debt reached 2.228 trillion euros.
It is noted that Italy's debt burden increased by 77.2 billion euros in the first half of the year.
It was previously reported that, at the end of 2015, the debt of Italy was 132.7 per cent of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian minister of Economy and Finance, Pierre Carlo Padoan predicted, declined this rate in 2016 to 130.9 per cent and in 2018 to 123.4 per cent of GDP.
Payments from the airport received 141 victims of the terrorist attack in "Domodedovo".
141 people received charitable payments from the Aviation Foundation, which was established by the Domodedovo Airport management to assist the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, reports the Bulletin.
According to the spokesman for Alexander Vlasov Airport, two more statements are now pending.
"The fund continues to make charitable payments to the victims of the 2011 terrorist act and provides full assistance in dealing with existing issues", added Vlas, recalling that a fund website containing full information on how to provide charitable assistance has been established specifically to facilitate interaction with the victims.
In 2011, a Domodedovo suicide bomber detonated an explosive device in a foreign airlines hall.
As a result of the attack, 37 people were killed and another 172 suffered.
Scientists found an animal that could live 500 years.
An international group of biologists has found that the most long-lived vertebrate animal is the Greenland polar shark, which can live about 500 years, passes Rt.
Scientists have carried out a carbon analysis of the lens of the eyes of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, which is more than five meters long, may be between 272 and 512 years.
Biologists believe that the low metabolism that leads to slow development plays an important role in shark longevity.
The females of the Greenland sharks reach puberty only by 150 years.
In the past, the shark neighbor, the Greenlandic whale, was thought to live longer than all vertebrates.
The oldest known scientist was a little over 210 years old.
Putin changed the composition of the security RF.
The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, by decree, amended the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation and reported to the Kremlin press service.
It was previously known that Putin had been removed from office by the head of the administration of President Sergei Ivanov, and Anton Vaino appointed his successor.
Ivanov will now work special The President on environmental, environmental and transport issues.
of the permanent members of the Russian Federation, the Zamekretarja Council of Rasheed Powell was removed.
The council includes Sergey Ivanov, Anton Vaino, envoy president in FFV Sergey Menjajlo and envoy in north-west Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov was relieved of his position as head of the president's administration.
By presidential decree Sergei Ivanov was dismissed from his position as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov has been appointed Special Representative of the Russian Federation for Environmental Protection, ecology and transport.
Anton Vaino, formerly deputy Sergey Ivanov, was appointed as the new Chief of Administration.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to be transferred to another job.
Should I go to a sanatorium if there are no health problems?
Our expert is the chief medical officer, Sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a man is healthy, just tired of working, should he go to a sanatorium?
Spa recreation is necessary not only for treatment but also for disease prevention.
Under conditions of sanatorium, a person can check the condition of his or her body and receive advice from the doctor as to how to live it so that his health is not destroyed.
Such recommendations will not be superfluous to anyone.
"Just tired of work" is an important signal from the body, and it should not be dismissed.
Constant stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And the stress is about 90 percent of the visitors.
The most vulnerable people are from the cities of 45 to 55 years of age.
So it's better not to complicate the situation and to give yourself a rest time.
Studies show that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay in a sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer a comfortable holiday for the whole family.
So if you want to take a vacation with the kids, you don't have to break up with them.
For children, even the smallest ones, health programmes include diagnostic services, paediatric counselling, analysis and treatment.
For example, swimming (many sanatoriums have children's pools), inhalation, special diets, massages, oxygen cocktails and therapeutic fitness.
The procedure is determined by the doctor, taking into account the individual testimony and the characteristics of the growing organism.
In addition, the sanatoriums usually have a children's club with animators, where children can attend play classes and various master classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even for guests with babies, provide grudnichka conditions and provide the services of an experienced nanny.
Mild winter, long summer, abundance of sunny days in a year (over 300) creates good conditions for year-round recreation at resorts in the Caucasus mineral waters.
And then the body needs rest not only in the summer.
So don't worry about the weather outside the window, especially since most of the procedures are indoor and independent of the season.
In general, it is desirable to have a spa treatment twice a year, especially for people of mature age.
The main stone of the Caucasus mineral Water region, of course, is therapeutic mineral sources: Slavjanovsky, Smirnov, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and affect different systems of the body.
Water varies by temperature, number of salts, total mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor picks up the water according to the patient's feelings.
Thus, "Narzan" has an anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating act, restores the gastrointestinal tract function and metabolism.
"Essentuki‑ 4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces the level of sugar.
Essentuki new provides anti-inflammatory, choleretic and mochegon action.
The Slavjanovskaja water also has the same effects.
When water is assigned, the doctor must take into account the state of the circulatory system.
If there are signs of hypertension, he picks up less salt water because the salts are retarded, resulting in increased pressure.
The acceptance of mineral water requires compliance with the regime: water should be drinking at specific times, in the right quantity and in the specific temperature.
The various cosmetology procedures for the individual and the body are available at the sanatoriums.
What types of healing, based on the natural characteristics of the Northern Caucasus, can be obtained from the resorts of the region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is Salt Lake Tambukan, silt dirt of which is useful for joints, spine, and internal organs.
It provides anti-inflammatory, resolving, immunomodulatory action.
These are recreation trips on individually designed routes.
They are particularly popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge resort park (the second largest in Europe).
It is popular in Kislovodsk, which is close to the mineral source "Narzan".
It is also possible to take a bath of wine, pearl, bromine, selenium, sage Licorice, depending on what the doctor will assign to you.
Extend fruiting.
What can I do to make the harvest go up to the end of the season?
Julia Belopuhova, agronomist and about vegetables.
Tall tomatoes have time to take a haircut: Remove the new orphans, cut off the top, remove all the leaves until the penultimate brush with the fruit and flower with the small ovaries-not ripened.
All tomatoes, regardless of the "Constitution", and the pepper and eggplant feeding zol'no-superphosphatical exhaust biopharmaceuticals are processed (dozrevatel'-to accelerate the filling and growth of fruits, fitosporin m, Fitolavin, Gamair, Bactofit-from disease, immunocytophyte to increase immunity, Bitoksibacillin, Lepidocid, fitoverm-if there are pests).
Only copper sulphate, colloid sulfur and green soap should be used in the late summer.
We're doing the last plant spray.
Dlinnopletistye cucumbers in the teplice little from tapestries so that the lower, bare part of stem (25-40 cm) would lie on the ground, pouring warm water and mortar on the zircon, the wake of 5-7 cm of compost.
It is also easy to prolong the fruiting courgette: cut old leaves, pour warm water and solution of complex fertilizer, sprinkle fertile soil under the bush.
To protect against nightly colds, place the arc on the ukryvnym material.
In the day of the plant keep it open, and after sunset, close it.
Signs of the end.
What indicates that Russia is coming out of the crisis?
Economists saw signs of Russian withdrawal from the longest recession in the last 20 years.
As noted by the Bloomberg analysts interviewed by the agency, the Russian Federation's GDP shows a positive trend-the second quarter of GDP fell by 0.8 per cent in annual terms.
This figure has been minimal since the beginning of the year 2015.
According to the latest data rosstat, the recession of the Russian economy slowed to 0.6% in the second quarter.
The stabilization of the situation was also recently stated by Central and ministry.
Slow growth ahead.
According to experts CBI, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
"The index estimate of Russian GDP shows that the recession has been left behind and the slow growth of the economy is in front," The Bank of Russia Bulletin says "trends".
Unit estimate of GDP for the current quarter the regulator has increased to 0.4%, and the estimate for the fourth quarter is 0.5%.
According to the representative of Ministry, during the second quarter the Russian GDP declined in the second quarter, 0.2 per cent.
In the second quarter, the seasonally cleansed decline in GDP was 0.2% in the previous quarter.
But during the quarter, it stopped: In April it was 0.2%, and in May and June the change in GDP was between 0 and 0.15, quoting the representative mayor RIA News.
The slowdown in the Russian economy over the past five quarters shows that the bottom has passed.
Among the other markers indicating signs of recovery in the national economy, Bloomberg calls for increased demand for electricity and rail transport and for the revival of business.
If you make an amendment to a leap year, it is clear that the dynamic in the plus 1% of the electricity consumption can be halfway due to extra work day.
Add a lower annual average temperature in the first quarter.
"The next argument is the growth of freight transport, but it is difficult to get precise data, and the plus-minus 0.5% of the semi-annual volume can also be explained by seasonality," explains Kirill Yakovenko of Alor broker.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, reducing price pressure.
In July, the consumer price index was 7.2 per cent, compared with 15.6 per cent in the same month last year.
In fact, the last two weeks Rosstat recorded deflation.
Prices in Russia have dropped for the first time in five years.
Looking at the trend of the rouble, which, although it showed strong fluctuations at the beginning of the year, increased by 12 per cent since the beginning of August.
"This is also one of the signs of recovery, to be followed by indicators from the real sector of the economy", stress Yakovenko.
In addition, the Russian Federation has seen an increase in industrial production since April.
In June, the figure grew by 1.7%.
Foreign trade declined from 32.8 per cent in January 2016 to 20.7 per cent in May.
The situation in the labour market, where the unemployment rate has dropped to 5.4 per cent, is also showing positive momentum.
Below it was only September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite the good situation in the labour market, the question of the real disposable income of the population would be left to be desired.
The figure decreases by 4.8% in the annual expression.
This factor can hinder economic recovery, as household expenditure contributes significantly to GDP.
In general, the structure of the economy is more than 50 per cent.
In addition to low consumer activity, the Bank of Russia's rigid policy can also be described as risk factors for economic growth.
The regulator holds the rate at 10.5%, which does not have a better impact on the real sector.
The low level of investment is also a negative factor, hampering the development of industrial capacity.
But in general, it can be assumed that by the end of the year the rate of the Russian economy decelerate to-0.5% against-3.7% in 2015, "says the main forex club Irina Rogov.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and a great survivor of winter sports at the Sochi Olympic Games, has not yet been so actively developed in summer sports.
Whereas in the Olympic Games in the Rio for Russia, the former foreigners are in most cases from the former republics of the Soviet Union.
But in Rio, we can observe the reverse process-quite a large number of Russians are acting under the flags of other States.
In each case, the history of the change of nationality varies.
Some parents were taken to another country as a child, leaving no choice.
Someone did not compete for a place in the Russian team.
And some thought that the better conditions for development in sports would be created abroad.
URАиФ.ru found at least 16 athletes who decided to change their Russian citizenship.
The German passport of a 27-year-old girl says her name is Lisa Ginger.
But she was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the town of Omsk.
Just four years after the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There she decided to go in the footsteps of her older sister to do athletics.
As did sister, Lisa chose the jump with the pole.
If she were to stay in Russia, she would hardly be able to "move the throne" to Elena Isinbaevu.
Unfortunately, at the Rio Olympics, Lisa will be our only countrywoman, although former, in the sixth-hop sector.
Her best achievements in this kind of sport are the bronze of the 2010 European Championship and the silver medal in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Helena Isinbayeva.
29-year-old Elena Pirozhkov was born in Petersburg in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists of the evangelical direction.
In many ways, because of their faith, they left in the United States when the girl was only three years.
In addition to Elena, eight more children have been in the family.
They all lived in the little Greenfield town in Massachusetts.
Lena started wrestling at school.
Showing good results, she moved to Colorado Springs, where the U.S. War Training Center continued to work under the direction of another former Russian Vladislav Izbojnikova.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Elena lost her first fight.
But at the world championships that same year, victory.
Before that, she had, by the way, won the silver medal at the 2010 World Championships.
It was the bronze of 2013 and the Silver of 2014.
A 26-year-old Maria was born in the town of Yaroslavl, where she first met synchronized swimming.
But saying she was raised by our coaches in Russia would be wrong.
Soon, the girl's family decided to emigrate to the United States and settle in Colorado.
That's where Maria continued her classes.
Soon she was part of the United States national team and showed excellent results at the Pan American Games.
It is understandable that, at a serious international level, Russian Sinhronistkam is not able to compete, but for America its indicators are a ceiling.
The new name, which sounds strange in Russian, was received by Christina Shaldybina when her parents decided to continue the study of the girl's artistic gymnastics outside the ocean.
Until that point, the girl was a favourite sport in her native Yaroslavl.
Having in the United States, she quickly entered the country's youth team and later broke into the main national team.
At the Pan American Games, the 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first positions on the world scene, she did not have to fight, of course, but for the United States, she orchestrated a real breakthrough-the: Team for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Another one of our former "artists" is Jan A.beriozko-Marggrander, who is in charge of Germany.
Jana was born in Tolyatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany, where the girl had more prospects of getting into the national team.
She soon represented her country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
It was true that Jana was only able to occupy the 17th place, which was not enough to hit the finals in a personal tournament.
But two years earlier, she was able to win the bronze medal of the Olympics-youth.
Another gymnast, only this time sports-Irina Sazonov.
If the paths of emigration of the previously mentioned athletes are standard, then Eva's family choice is very unusual.
Il-A of the Volgograd Sports School.
She was, of course, the country's champion in Iceland.
It is true that the IRA trains in Russia-especially in the country-to not lose their skills.
In Rio, she was not as fortunate as she would have liked.
The best place is 40 in the all-around.
There is very little information on swimmer Maria Ugol'kovoj in the Russian information space.
For a very long time, Maria has been living and practicing in Switzerland.
However, for a long time, it was under the Russian flag, showing good results-even a country record at a distance of 200 metres butterfly.
In 2015, she was granted Swiss citizenship and began to speak under the red and white flag.
In Rio, her best performance is 14th place in the 4 × 100 complex relay.
To get to the games, the girl launched a crowdfunding project that was able to collect some 6,000 francs that allowed her to pay for the Olympics.
A 31-year-old wrestler, Adam Batirov, spent nearly his entire career under the Russian flag.
During this time, a native of Khasavyurt was able to become three champion of the European Championships, Russian premier, Russian sports Master of international class.
When he stopped falling into our national team, the time has come to think about changing citizenship.
For a few years, a talented fighter has vanished from sports bridges.
The triumphant return took place at the 2016 Asian Championships-Batirov already represented Bahrain, for whom he won the gold medal and received a travel at the Rio Olympiad.
Another one, Russian, Mikhail Kudinov, is known even less at home than the Swiss swimmer Maria Ugol'kovu.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand when the boy was very young.
That's where Mikhail started doing gymnastics.
He has not achieved much success at the international level.
In Rio, the best result was 40 in qualifications on parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, it's even a breakthrough for the Olympic gymnastics games.
When the Born in Moscow in 1985 was only nine years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued her synchronous swimming classes, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championships in Berlin, a girl took 6th place in synchronous swimming.
In a duet with Eugenia Tetel'baum, Anastasia took eighth place.
In the solo program, she was the fifth.
Like Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitry Krojter advocates Israel's national team.
When the boy was only six years old, his mother decided to be repatriated to Israel.
In 2009, at age 17, he was already a national champion.
In the same year, he won the World Youth Championships.
One year later, Krojter won and gold from the Youth Olympic Games in Singapore.
In addition to jumping to the height, Dimitri is involved in jumping in length and triple jump.
The 31-year-old Albert is another native of Khasavyurt who, after long statements for Russia, decided to change his sporting citizenship.
However, unlike Batirova, Albert chose Romania, which will be represented in Rio.
In Russia, however, he was in charge of the school of Higher sporting Krasnoyarsk, in 2011 even becoming the country's champion.
A 28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow to the family of the USSR national team at Jaroslav Antonov.
Just one year before the birth of son Jaroslav was recognized as the best volejbolistom of the planet.
He soon decided to continue his career in Italy.
The family is there and remains permanently resident.
In the national team in 2015, he became the bronze medalist of the European Championship, which was held in the territory of his new homeland.
Hajis was born in Chechnya in 1994 and came together with his family in the midst of war.
Ten years later, the parents decided to emigrate.
The original target was Norway, but it was not possible to go to France, and I had to travel to Nice.
There Zelimkhan continued to study at ease.
He soon won the Junior World Championship and later qualified for participation in the Olympic Games.
In Rio, he would be the only representative of France in the competition.
And the wrestling again, and the old Russian.
This time we will speak of a native of North Ossetia who emigrated to Spain, Tajmuraze Frieve.
At the end of December 2012, he was given Spanish citizenship and is currently in favour of the country's team.
Before that, it was true that a 30-year-old athlete was able to celebrate high scores in Russia.
He was a bronze medalist for the 2007 and 2008 national Championships.
The Constitution of the Taimuraz decided to change the sporting citizenship.
The last on our list is Chechen boxer, born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan Makhachkala, Arthur Bijarslanov.
When the boy was ten years old, the parents took the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There, Arthur, on the advice of his older brother began boxing.
Since then, Arthur has been the champion of Canada three times, and in 2012 he became World youth champion.
In 2015, Bijarslanov won the gold of the Pan American Games, the first of his new homeland since 1975.
Anton Vaino, Chief of administration, RF president.
On Friday, 12 August, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaino head of the administration of the President of Russia.
This position was previously occupied by Sergei Ivanov.
"The head of State appointed Anton Vaino as the head of the administration of the President of the Russian Federation, freeing him from his post", in a decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin website.
Since May 2012, Vaino was deputy head of the RF President's administration.
Anton Serdyukov Vaino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father-Edward Vaino, chairman of the Business Council of Cuba-Russia to the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and vice president for Foreign relations and interaction with shareholders of OAO "Avtovaz".
Grandfather Karl Vaino-s1978 of the year to 1988 First Secretary of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
From 1996 to 2001 he worked at the Russian Embassy in Japan, then in the second Department of Asia, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the Office of the President of the Russian Federation protocol.
From 2004 to 2007, deputy head of the Protocol and organizational Department of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007, the first deputy head of the Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008, deputy head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On 25 April 2008, he was appointed head of the Protocol by the President of the Government of the Russian Federation and deputy head of the RF government apparatus.
As of 27 December 2011, the Minister of the Russian Federation is the head of the office of the RF government.
On May 22, 2012, he was appointed deputy head of the administration of the RF president.
Fluent in English and Japanese.
Effective state Counsellor of the Russian Federation 1 class (classical chin has been assigned by presidential decree of 22 January 2008)
Honorary Diploma of the President of the Russian Federation (16 February 2012) for the service of the Government of the Russian Federation and for his long and diligent work.
Gratitude to the President of the Russian Federation (24 November 2005) for the preparations for and observance of the commemoration of the sixtieth anniversary of the victory in the Great Patriotic War.
Married, has a son.
Why do children Cossack classes in schools?
According to Governor Kondratieff, "Cossacks should be raised not by shares and parades, but by system."
They should grow, and at least seven years from now, to understand that they are Cossacks and education must be Cossack.
But as long as I think this work is being done formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If Cossack classes would all the positive things that have been accumulated in the past, at a qualitatively new level, I'd love to.
If all be and unknowingly, the new idea is going to turn out to be cheap populism.
Consumers continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the country's economy.
There has been an encroachment on funds allocated to the public sector from various levels of expenditure.
According to the general, high tariffs are one of the most common crimes in the consumers.
As a result, the consumers of the region repaid more than 170 million rubles to the energy sector.
In the days and Public prosecutor's office in Krasnodar Krai, there was evidence of incurring unfounded costs in the tariffs.
And in the costs of Ooo Yves Consulting (supplying cold water), $4 million was laid. Rental of cars at a price higher than the market.
And such examples from the country of mass.
The people give the "communal" the last money, paying the price, according to the construction of the RF, the average collection of payments from the population is 94%.
He is charged with several articles of the Criminal Code: embezzlement, legalization of the proceeds of crime, abuse of authority, etc.
According to the version of the investigation, as the head of the fund who was involved in renovating urban facilities, Makarov entered into contracts with the entrepreneurs, they were not actually executed but paid for.
The businessmen just returned him most of the money.
As Master of the ACS, Makarov paid the money from the public, but the service providers were not paid and spent on their own needs.
As a result, the damage to the budget and the tenants is millions of rubles.
The scheme of Makarov is, alas, typical of Russia.
There has been a wave of arrests and detentions by the leaders of the Criminal Code, which 'reed the money of the citizens.
The trial of Kamchatka continues in the case of A. Cokhan, by the way, also a former deputy council, who is charged with machinations of 91.7 million rubles.
On the investigation version, in 2012-2013 GG. In airport Kamchatka Province, he established 6 management companies and created 3 limited liability societies.
One of them was performing a contract work for the ACS, two others playing the role of cash centers, that is, taking money from the public.
However, the funds of A. Kohat were not would, but spent on themselves, as they loved.
It is difficult to judge in the field of consumers.
Things don't excite, they pull.
and "assists" in this very confusing housing law, considers Svetlana Razvorotneva, executive director, "Consumers Control".
We do not have the same law as we're the new one, which must make the previous work.
Professionals, including judges, are not very well consumers.
Lawyers themselves recognize that very little attention is paid to housing law in higher education institutions.
The refusal to institute criminal proceedings, the paperwork in the course of investigations are also said to be in general.
In production in 2015, 3.5 thousand Less than half of the crimes are committed to the court.
The rest of the investigation was protracted and each fifth was suspended owing to the unidentification of the accused.
Often, shortcomings in the law enforcement agencies have been cleared of gaps in existing legislation.
The law is, but the bodies of inquiry are not in a hurry to initiate and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 allegations of forgery-only 60 criminal cases were brought.
In the five months of this year, the number increased only marginally-99.
What is the falsification of the tenants ' minutes?
This means that a change in home management, financial and other issues circumvents the views of the owners.
It also means that the housing and communal services market cannot be broken up by normal companies that want to work honestly, not "milk" the population.
So the tenants are in minus, small and medium business, too.
First of all, by eliminating corruption as such in the entire state, I am sure Anton Fry, a member of the Duma's property committee.
This work is now being actively pursued.
It is not just a single action-it is a deliberate course against corruption.
Of course, not all regions have such a sad situation.
In particular, the capital does not smell like scandalous.
Why are there no scandals in the sphere of consumers in Moscow, as in many other regions?
Because the capital government showed the iron will and brought order, "AMF" Anatoly elected, member of the Duma Committee on Security and Anti-Corruption.
I refer also to the personnel question, to legislative amendments and to legal education.
Supervisory companies have been closely monitored and all of them have been licensed.
Citizens ' complaints are dealt with promptly in public space (and the tenants ' appeals and response measures are placed on the portal of the Government of Moscow).
A lot of people don't just pay for monthly receipts, but they watch what the house says.
Public awareness of the rights of owners and obligations of source supplying and management organizations is very high.
Plus Moscow verifies the validity of tariffs on housing and communal services-much of the budget is allocated to subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of the population.
It must be all together and explain the quiet situation in Moscow.
It turns out the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe you should change your place of work.
The Turkish gambit.
Will Erdoğan be able to give up on friendship with the EU and the United States?
The President of Turkey, Rexhep Tayyip Erdoğan, advanced the US with an ultimatum to choose between Turkey and Fethullahom Gülen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup d ' état.
He said that, speaking to his supporters in Ankara.
Erdoğan called on Americans to abandon support for the "terrorist organization Fethullahistov".
This is not the first statement from Turkey in which the US is called upon to change its position.
The experts believe that the split between Turkey and the West is increasing and could lead to a new attempt at a change of power in the country.
"Sooner or later America will choose between Turkey and Feto (" terrorist organization Fethullahistov ").
Either the organizing coups feto or democratic Turkey.
"She has to make that choice", quoting the Anatolian agency, Erdoğan's treatment in Ankara on Wednesday night.
Once again, the president of Turkey has pressed the United States to comply with his demand for the first time since the repression of the rebellion.
It will be recalled that, on the night of 16 July in Turkey, the high-ranking representatives of the Turkish army attempted to overthrow the legitimate authority in the country, as well as an attempt on the life of the head of State.
However, after Rexhep Erdoğan had addressed the population, the rebellion was suppressed and the organizers and participants arrested.
A total of about 8,000 people were suspected of being in the ranks of teachers and academics in addition to the military.
As Rexhep Erdoğan thinks, their mentor was Fethullah Gulen, residing in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States.
Also, Erdoğan's supporters allowed that the coup d'etat charges could be directly implicated by the Americans.
The US has rejected all claims in its address by refusing to issue Gulen and telling change the tone.
The last statement by the representatives of Department was made at the time of Erdoğan's visit to Saint Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the Turkish President-he stubbornly insists on his own and also demands the other Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to fulfil its obligations under the migration agreement with European, if Brussels does not give a date for the lifting of visa restrictions on Turkish citizens", on 9 August, announced by the Minister of Turkey for EU affairs, Omer Celik.
He said that the introduction of Ankara changes in the anti-terrorism law, as required by the EU, would jeopardize Europe's own security.
Note that on 1 August the German Vice chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, demanded that Turkey stop blackmailing the European Union with promises to open borders for migrants in order to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words were in response to the relevant statement of Mevlut Cavusoglu, head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey.
Another provocative statement Cavusoglu made in the last Wednesday, permitting that Turkey could withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry had not ruled out that the country would consider withdrawing from the alliance if it did not meet the expected support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the field of defence is not a step against NATO.
"There are NATO countries cooperating with foreign States in the defence field-the import of missiles", said Cavusoglu in an interview with the Anadolu Agency.
He said that Turkey now needed to develop its own defence system based on its own technology, as well as its cooperation with other countries.
"Turkey has so far tried to cooperate with NATO member countries, but the results have not been met, and we have looked for others", the minister stated.
The experts consider this to be a major disagreement between Turkey and the West and the reorientation of the country to the east.
The head of the International Institute of Political Opinion, Yevgeny Minchenko, believes that Rexhep Erdoğan is now playing its game and cannot go into a tough confrontation with the West.
He has a lot of ties to the West, both from a business perspective and from a military perspective (Turkey is a member of NATO), so I think that Erdoğan will try to balance, maintaining a framework relationship with the West.
"While it would be more convenient for Americans to see a fully obedient person in this position," he explained the URАиФ.ru expert.
He said that it was likely that following statements by the Turkish leader (on non-payment of EU compensation, the requirement of a visa-free space with Europe and the extradition of Gulen from the United States), he would be pressured to do so.
"Rexhep Erdoğan will face a deterioration of relations with both America and European, and they'll be pressuring him on humanitarian issues, dictatorial methods of government, and so on," thinks Minchenko.
Head of the political Information centre Alexei Muhith concedes that the president of Turkey will change his point of view in relations with Russia as soon as he becomes profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdoğan took a very tough stance against Russia and sought favors in the west by all means.
In a very short time, the situation has changed to the opposite.
There is no guarantee that the President of Turkey will not change his priorities again at some time.
I think Erdoğan entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
"Once it is between the two Poles, the West and Russia, he will try to gain the maximum benefit for himself," he considers the fly.
In his view, the main challenge for the President of Turkey today is to hold political power in the country, and for that, he needs Russia and a partnership with Vladimir Putin so that the US can no longer support Gulen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the United States, which control the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
"Therefore, consensus with Turkey will be achieved", the expert considers.
The head of the Centre for Asia and the Middle East, Anna Glazov, has a different view.
Turkey's relations with both the EU and the US are now rather tense, and this is primarily a matter of domestic policy, which is being carried out by Erdoğan.
I believe that this crisis in relations will be exacerbated and, against the backdrop of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to reload policies both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
It is no coincidence that the President of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians, declare that they are willing to change their position on a number of issues in Syria, to settle relations with Israel, to engage in active political interaction with Iran, and to explain to URАиФ.ru Glazov that the next step of Erdoğan will be to normalize relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy that Erdoğan is now pursuing is a return to the course of the foreign concept, which was followed by Turkey before the beginning of the Arab revolutions.
"At that time, Turkey has begun to develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region very actively in the positions of zero problems with neighbours."
The President of Turkey has now had very good visits to Russia and to Africa.
"This foreign policy vector will therefore develop and contribute to the strengthening of Turkey's position in both the regional and international arenas," the expert considers.
Glazov believes that it will be extremely difficult to return to Turkey's previous relationship with the EU, but it is now a question of whether the EU will start to be harshly responsive to Turkey, which can make it possible to open borders for migrants and thus create serious problems for Europe.
Junior physicians ' strike: Calls for new collective protests
The representatives of the junior medical practitioners requested the Union to authorize new collective protests in their dispute over the new employment contract.
The JDC Committee of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC says the ministers failed to answer questions about the employment contract.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to cancel the contract of employment agreement with BMA.
It was rejected by 58 per cent of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to the members, published on Twitter on Thursday evening, President Jdc Helen McCourt said that the Government had continued to "remain silent" about the problems she had said had led to the rejection of the employment contract.
She said, "given the prevailing circumstances, the head of JDC voted to reject the proposed new employment contract in full and called for a formal renegotiation of all your questions."
In response to the government's silence, the head of JDC today made a formal request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council in order to approve a continuing programme for the expansion of collective protests beginning in early September.
The dispute resulted in the participation of young doctors in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the Public health service.
The leader of BMA, Dr. Joan Malavana, resigned after the vote to repeal the agreed terms of the employment contract, which recommended the BMA.
He told the members of the BMA that the deal was good, which should be taken, during the meetings leading up to the voting of 54 000 assistant doctors and medical students.
After the vote, the Minister of Health, Jeremy Hunt, said that the employment contract would be used for medical workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "Alliance of the Bad"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to the eight war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish colleague in the gilded Palace Hall in St. Petersburg, I had the steady impression that Ankara wanted this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Mr. Putin's smile looked tense, and he hardly had the warmth even by his own constrained standards.
Rexhep Tayyip Erdoğan, as opposed to this, spoke repeatedly of his "dear friend", Mr. Putin, five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described Mr. Erdoğan's actions as if nothing bad ever happened.
I think his enthusiasm was supposed to be the opposite.
But Tjagivajushhaja the coolness of Mr. Putin showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the reason for the crisis was the first, as he mentioned in the introductory remarks: Turkey was hit by a Russian fighter on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at this moment was fierce.
Mr. Putin was hit by an angry tirade accusing Ankara of Moscow in the back.
The insult was even stronger, based on the intended friend.
Restoring real confidence will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
Over the months, state-controlled media carried out a stunning, all-out attack on Ankara.
It suddenly seemed that the Turks should be blamed for everything.
Most serious were the accusations from senior management that Mr. Erdoğan's own family had been living on illegal oil trade from Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it decisively.
But there was an official signal in Saint Petersburg that the time had come to move on.
After all, this meeting took place only because Mr. Putin received an apology, which he demanded of President Erdoğan.
Russia could claim a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of the Armistice declaration are clear.
In the first place, Erdoğan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost deposed from his post last month in the attempted coup.
The repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shocked him too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have been severely hit — especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast annually.
The number dropped sharply by almost 90%.
As far as Russia is concerned, tour operators and charter companies would, of course, feel relieved when the flights are finally resumed.
They're putting the end of the Mediterranean season on the peak.
And even this week, state television has predicted cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as Turkish imports of agricultural products are allowed again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as stated in the report in the paper.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is mad in the West for what it considers a weak response to a coup attempt.
Add her protracted discontent to this's the rate of EU accession talks and Mr. Putin's step, which seeks to take advantage of cool and gradually destroy Turkish ties with the west.
The Russian leader, of course, won the bonus points with Ankara for the call to support the elected authorities after the attempted coup d ' état.
Be aware, this is a setting for Moscow, which has its own deep-rooted fear of regime change.
So, the summit of this magnificent palace on the sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to imagine what one analyst described to me as the "Alliance of the Bad": two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West Unite forces.
Nevertheless, despite the public display of reconciliation, these two still have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite sides.
It may be that, after almost three hours of initial negotiations, while two presidents gave a press conference, they did not even touch the subject.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided the answer to the question of their differences, while Mr. Putin chose to focus on them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find a common language in Syria.
But after months of open hostility — and taking into account the possibility of a total disaster when a NATO member of Turkey hit a Russian jet fighter — it is just better that the two leaders at least speak again.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for clients outside of Scotland
The RBS brand should be reduced to the back office role, according to the bank's executive director.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for clients outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told the BBC that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has gone back from them since it almost collapsed eight years ago and needed to be saved.
During this period, Brenda used the RBS strategy to protect other brands of consumer credit.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship for international sports, from the Six Nations rugby cup to the Wimbledon championships Andy Murray.
But it has now been decided that it is right to allow a more national brands to go to the foreground.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish clients, but will not run.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the external head office and Stock Exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
The brand of Ulster Bank is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for banking services for private individuals who will have more influence — Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's military Bank.
Mr. McEwan gave an interview during a tour of clients and employees in Invernessshir.
He said to the BBC Scotland: "The brand RBS will eventually become our investment brand and the way our staff will be engaged, because we are now becoming more of a bank of brands."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I'm saying now that we don't have global aspirations anymore, we have our local desires.
Each of these brands will represent something completely different in their population groups, and our staff will be working with customers under these brands.
RBS has already stated that he will not continue his sponsorship of the six-nation Cup, and he is increasing the profile of various brands in sponsoring sport.
"This is a good time for us to move the brands Bank, because the basis (we asked ourselves) how did we focus to improve the bank for customers?" said the executive director.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we were going to be a great bank for customers and shut down all those brands.
But with the work we did, focusing on the needs of our customers, not on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can get those brands back, so I think the time is appropriate.
The francs of Dettori reach 3000 winners with a victory in Newmarket for Addiction.
Dettori sprays Champagne, after the shot in Newmarket brings him to 3000 wins.
Jockey Frank Dettori achieved his 3000-th British victory in Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this remarkable mark with the help of his second winner of the night on his home track-The addiction trained by John Gosdenom.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who has reached this remarkable spot in smooth jumps.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggottom, Pat Idderi and Willie Carson.
Three champion Dettori, who previously won the Ghayyar, said, "It's something special."
I'm very excited because my family is here too.
I'm really glad this happened in Newmarket, because that's where I settled in 30 years ago.
It's not a big secular event, it's not Royal Ascot-it's the usual Friday night with 20000 people.
I'm free of business and very ingenuity.
Dettori receives applause when it leads to a predisposition after victory.
The two jockeys reached this level of obstruction: the champion Richard Johnson and retired 20 x champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4300 wins in a record career.
Lester Piggott, nine winner of Derby, 4493 winning career
Francs are one of the best jockeys of the modern era, and it is no surprise that he reached this point, which so few have reached before him.
He's stylish and strong, but his tactical ingenuity distinguishes him from the others in the weight room.
He's a great racing fan, and his enthusiasm and charisma have attracted fans in this sport for years.
I said francs a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have brought 6000 winners if he hadn't been just a racing jockey and big horses!
And seriously, the francs made the winners in the United Kingdom a lot of 30 years, which is good to see.
He's a vibrant character, which is good for British racing, but what's more, he's an incredible jockey.
The Franks of Dettori celebrated this remarkable mark with the Soskokom of the horse.
From the fast finish to the fast dismount, the franc Dettori is a symbol of British smooth racing for two decades.
These were ups and downs.
A multitude of big racing winners, including his famous "Magnificent Seven" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived the plane crash and was disqualified because of doping.
Three years ago, he first encountered difficulties when he returned after six months of disqualification, but he showed the enormous will to defy the sceptics and return to the form.
And he may not have finished for a while — Dettori earlier said that he would like to continue to take part in competitions, at least up to the age of 50 years.
Putin is dismissing Sergei Ivanov's head of administration
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly fired his head of administration Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's trusted neighbor circle for many years.
This 63-year-old has now been appointed as a representative for environment and transport.
The Kremlin statement states that Putin "decided to release Ivanov from his duties as head of the president's Russian administration", but did not give a reason.
Deputy Mr. Ivanov, since 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed as his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44, former diplomat.
Born in Tallinn, Estonia in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (Mgimo) and served at the Embassy of Tokyo.
He was later head of the protocol Office of the President and the government apparatus, and reports to the Kremlin Web site (in Russian).
At the time of his assignment, he said to Putin, "Thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task for the administration is to support your activities as head of State in terms of drafting laws and monitoring how your instructions are being implemented.
Putin informed one Russian television channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked to be relieved of his position and recommended that Vaino replace it.
Do the smiles convince you?
It's a move that Moscow is puzzled by.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest supporters and, like him, served in the Soviet security Service, the KGB.
As head of the administration he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, who had shown on state television, both men stated that the head of the administration had resigned on his own volition.
But despite the smiles on the camera, it's not a lot of convincing people here — especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So these are the unintended consequences of some kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows yet.
But the official statement is that the man, who was once beinged as a potential president, suddenly wanted to manage the Russian environmental policy — was greeted with great scepticism.
In the Putin remarks quoted on the Kremlin Web site, Ivanov said, "It is true that in early 2012 I asked you to trust me with this very difficult position, even if you could say, a challenging post, for four years."
Well, I guess I was the head of the president's administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov assumed office in December 2011.
He previously served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB State Security Service, as is Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov among the five people he trusted most.
It was once believed that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as the third term for Putin would be contrary to the Constitution.
However, this position was taken by another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister until he returned to the presidency after only three and a half years.
The star of "think as a criminal" Thomas Gibson was fired after a fight with the producer.
Gibson was a member of the show Shuffle in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played special agent Aaron Hotchnera, apologized on Thursday before he was declared suspended.
There were creative differences in the shooting and disagreements.
"I'm sorry it happened," he said in his statement.
Detailed information on how the Gibson character will be removed from the show that monitors the FBI agent team is expected to arrive later, according to ABC Studios and CBS Television studios.
A 54-year-old actor who previously starred in the sitcom Dharma and Greg was in the show from the first season in 2005.
"I love" thinking as a criminal "and invested my heart and soul in it for the last twelve years," Gibson said in his statement published on Friday.
I was hoping to be in it till the end, but it won't be possible now.
I just want to thank the writers, the producers, the actors, our wonderful team, and, most important, the best fans that the show could have dreamed of.
The show is scheduled to return with her twelfth season on September 28.
Mystery: Fish landed in Banff's garden
A man from Banff called for help in the identification of the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be peschanky they, left by a water tornado.
Baines, living at 500 meters from the sea, put a picture of this spectacle in Periscope in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of dual fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
The project for 1.35 billion pounds is now to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have combined the northern Bay with the Queensferry Crossing viaduct, which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is the first of four smykanij between the canvas fans, which are now approaching the end of all three pylons of the bridge.
The section of the bridge from Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30 000 tons.
It 10 000 tons of steel and 20 000 tons of concrete and 46 bridge cables.
The project of 1.35 billion pounds is now due to be completed by May 2017.
The economy minister, Keith Brown, visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the ground to the bridge.
He said, "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry Crossing."
We are all witnesses of the engineering art of a truly epic scale in this project, where more than 30 000 tonnes of concrete have been used only to build this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the end of the link between the viaduct and the bridge is a virtuoso operation using extremely precise tolerances for the assembly.
In total, about 79% of the entire bridge is now in place, for the last section of the drawing canvas, the concrete coating is poured into the dew today, which means that the entire canvas is ready for a lift on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Cross Bridge constructors, said, "the first between in every bridge project is always a significant milestone."
In this amazing project, this between is the most modern construction art.
After installing the last section of the roadway and connecting it to the widening roadway of the North Pole, we then had to close the remaining gap in the north, or facing the shore, to the side.
This was done by tightening the northern approach viaduct by 700 millimeters south.
It was a scaled and, at the same time, a very elegant operation.
The scale, because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6000 tons and should have been raised to a tilt angle of about 3%.
Elegant because the tolerances the team was working on were tiny, just a few millimeters in every direction.
Fortunately, it went very well.
Salvation in the Gulf of Mojelfr: Three men were lucky to stay alive.
Three men were lucky to stay alive after they were thrown off a fishing boat at Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station raised an alarm at 13:20 on the British Summer time on Friday, after the team saw the incident unfolding in Mojelfr Bay.
Three men were struggling to swim to a safe place while their vessel continued to move.
"We saw their vessel twirling around them and supposed to be the worst," said the steering lifeboat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we descended into the water, the strong wind took him away", he added.
Two men were rescued by a local fishing vessel, and the third man, 60, was found being hunted down by and clinging in a buoy without a life jacket.
All were brought on board the coast lifeboat and taken to the rescue station
Jones said, "The three men who are thrown in the water are lucky to be alive and unharmed."
The boat had an emergency break, but he somehow got off the man who the boat when it overturned.
Someone was protecting these guys today.
Pokémon go, a worthy hunt for health and happiness
It's fascinating to watch the world change.
That teenagers and children are no longer outside to play, preferring to spend their leisure time looking at screens, has been a complaint from many over the last decade.
Pokemon go blows people off the couch and involves some physical activity.
The screen time was initially limited to TV, video games, and most recently smartphones.
It's so good to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
I mean, of course, the Pokémon go, an application based on the characters originally created for video games in the 1990s (later Advent series of cartoons, playing cards, and other branches).
Like many pop cultural phenomena, all this has become obsolete earlier than this new game became available in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries at the time was delayed because of the mass response that the servers overloaded.
In a matter of days, Pokémon go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, smartphone players go looking for pokémons that are tracked by GPs and can be ' photographed ' (via a screenshot on your phone) or ' caught ' when they are discovered.
The generation that played the game, being younger, joined in a up from the couches to find.
In the United States, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by the "ordinary" person every day.
Cardiogram, the Apple Watch app, which tracks 35 000 users, recently informed Washington Post that within two days of the start of the game, the number of people traced to them, who performed 30-minute exercises every day, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company doesn't know who's playing Pokémon go, she just sees the primary data on levels.
Many health campaigns that persuade people to "find 30 minutes", "Get Off the couch" and "be active every day," did not find a response because the majority of healthcare messages are boring and are expressed by people who look miserable.
However, the importance of physical exercise cannot be underestimated.
Those who regularly exercising reduce the chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight adjustment, high blood pressure, diabetes, and a long list of benefits, too long to bring here.
But the beauty of Pokémon go is that she takes people outside to do what they love.
Thus, three health pillars are covered: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even have new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring nerds looking for what to complain about.
And yes, someone could have stumbled on the door.
So what?
The breakthrough happened.
In spite of the fact that smartphone applications, such as the Fitbit, could have previously tracked our physical activity, they didn't give us an excuse to practice the game.
The new pall and use will weaken over time.
However, because of the success of Pokemon, there will be more games that will combine applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blogs on www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Biles wins the golden Female Gymnastics Championship.
Forget the pressure.
Forget the commotion.
Simone Biles is invulnerable to this.
Dynamic on a reference jump.
Unenforced on the beam.
It's staggering on the floor.
Terrific everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast ascended to the title of the Absolute Championship on Thursday, placing the chasm between himself and the rest of the world in a convincing demonstration under the close Olympic spotlight.
Its general score of 62,198 was at a sufficient distance from the silver medalist and a comrade on the team "the final five" Eli stepped and the Russian bronze medalist Alia Mustafina.
Biles of the United States speaks on gym logs during the finals of the women's individual absolute rhythmic Gymnastics Championships at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Biles became the fourth successive American woman to win the title of the Absolute Championship and the fifth in general, cementing its reputation as the best of its generation and, perhaps, ever.
She burst into tears when she showed her final overall score and her long journey to this point was over.
This achievement puts her in the same league as the exceptionally rare captureds, such as Michael Phelps, who have raised their sports to new heights:
Biles spent the last three years, dominated by its sport, winning 15 World Cup medals-including 10 gold-with such staggering programmes in their mixture of industriousness and precision, that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called it "the greatest gymnast I have ever seen."
One last test was waiting in Brazil, and the competition is not so much between Biles and the rest in this area as between it and the load of exaggerated expectations.
Anything less than going back to his family's house in spring, Texas, with handful gold medals, would be regarded as neopravdavsheesja waiting.
Simon Biles from the United States, on the left, and Eli stepped are following the winning of gold and silver, respectively, in the finals of the women's individual Absolute Gymnastics championships at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Biles earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for a farewell party to the outgoing coordinator of the Martha Caroli national team.
While Biles insisted that she never looked into the future during her long journey to the top, that's not entirely true.
Part of her free exercise program-the one that includes her own pass-is set up for Latin American music, which would be just like a house on the street just outside the Rio Arena.
It's not a coincidence.
A girl who girl adopted her grandparents as a child and an open mother of Coach Amy Burman during a visit to the auditorium, where Burman was coach, became a force.
She hasn't lost a single tournament in the absolute Championship since the summer of 2013, a streak of luck that should last for as long as Biles wants.
Despite the fact that Mustafina gained a small advantage with two rotations, it was a mirage.
The gymnastics log and floor exercises-where Biles defend the title of world champion-lie in ambush.
She went forward again from 15.433 on the beam and finished with 15.933 on the floor.
Stepped gently hugged her while they waited for the final account — a pure formality — and tears appeared around a shiny red, with a white and blue Biles for the eye, when the design she once recorded in the scrapbook was made.
Stepped's talk was a small revenge for what happened four years ago, when she shared the third place, but lost the bronze mustafina on a Thai break.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain that Americans call "Grandma" was much ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after her free exercise, a return, which sometimes seemed questionable.
With regard to Biles, the tweet of a 19-year-old virus from the beginning of this week now has a completely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in a serial killer case shot while listening to music in a car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died in the most lethal attack on the first serial killer Phoenix in the last decade, were sitting in a car, talking and listening to music when they were shot, according to police reports published on Thursday.
Angela Rochelle, Stephanie R. Ellis, and the daughter of Ellis, Mali, were shot on 12 June when their car was parked on the carriageway, told the authorities.
The perpetrator made approximately eight rounds of pistols, standing on the passenger side of the vehicle and hiding on another vehicle, reportedly.
The police state that the triple homicide does not appear to be the result of the robbery, as the attacker did not take the purse or 2 900 $, which was at the disposal of one of the adult victims.
Police spokesman Phoenix, Sergeant Jonathan Howard stated that the shooting had prompted the investigators to verify that he had not been involved in the four previous attacks.
A total of seven persons were killed and two others wounded in nine attacks in two mostly Latin American areas for four months.
"This is happening in a residential neighborhood in front of the house," said Howard Kpho, CBS, at the beginning of this month.
The suspect was believed to have used several vehicles, including Brown Nissan in the late 1990s, a black BMW in the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence which led them to conclude that the attacks were linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with injuries and later died.
The airliner, 31, and the daughter of Ellis, Mali, were killed on the spot.
The eyewitness told the police that there was nothing unusual about the fact that they were sitting in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also issued a police report on the bombardment, the purpose of which was an empty pick-up in half an hour before the triple murder, which is believed to have been the handiwork of a serial killer.
The investigators found cartridges and removed a bullet from the seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
The mother of a 6-year-old child with microcephaly: "Getting Better"
As most-children, Edmund Piksivto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund Microcephaly is the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Piksivto not know about during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was, I couldn't do it.
I can't do that.
I didn't sign up for this.
"Which, in fact, is not true, of course you signing on it," she said.
Her and her husband, Vincent, were told that Edmund might never know them and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested placing him in a specialized medical institution.
"My first answer was," I didn't think people were doing that "," I explained Piksivto.
Edmund walks with the help of Walker.
Edmund did not sit and crawl until he was three, and he is still not talking.
But it's slowly going through some stages.
He goes outside and rides a bicycle.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture Edmund invented for "please sing to me."
"We teach his sign language," said Piksivto CBS News.
But not just a regular sign language-she says Edmund invented her own gestures.
Microcephaly can arise from a variety of different circumstances: genetics such as Edmund, infection during pregnancy from viruses such as measles and Zeke.
Symptoms and forecasts can vary significantly.
It is still too early to say how this will affect the lives of those infected with the Zeke virus.
Piksivto remembers emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
Did I always say what would happen?
What's going to happen?
And she still doesn't know.
I didn't really ask for a lifetime prediction, because I don't expect anyone to really tell me.
But Piksivto has an encouraging advice for mothers of children with congenital defects due to Zeke.
It's getting better.
You know what's going to be better for you.
You'll love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding causes rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more precipitation expected to fall above the state until Saturday.
The National Meteorological Service reported numerous rivers in south-eastern Louisiana and Southern Mississippi and threatened widespread flooding after extreme rainfall.
The governor of Louisiana, John Bell Edwards, stated that government officials were in constant contact with the local authorities and had already gone to the affected parishes for assistance.
Mike Steele, a representative of the Office of the Governor for national Security and Emergency preparedness, stated that there were requests for transport for high water, boats and sandbags.
Steele said only the parish of Tandzhipahoa requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
The risk of flooding remains in effect until Saturday in most of southern Louisiana.
Meteorological said in the statement that the additional 3-5 inches could flow into the area.
In southern Alabama, waiting for the flood lasted until Friday, because the rain continued in the mobile area.
The Komi River near Baton Rouge and the River Aimee, near all Springs, both in Louisiana, were expected to set a record of the flood level over the past weekend.
Weather Alec Krautmann said that both rivers could have flooded many homes in peri-urban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that flooding downstream in the ward of Assenshen was a threat because the puffed rivers would slowly trickle into Lake Maurepas.
The Tikfo River, just south of the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. in Friday morning.
The rescuers still dragged people from the floods in Aimee and Wilkinson County in southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued early on Friday near Gloucester.
Hansford, 62 years old, says that Beaver Creek waters, which are usually more than 400 feet from his home, are quickly raised overnight.
He said that another stepson who lived nearby warned him.
"We woke up, and the water continued to go," said Hansford.
It's reached the level of my belt.
His wife told Hansfordu that it was the biggest tribute she had seen in the 48 years she had lived here.
Hansford said that he and all his family members were handicapped, and he was the only one who could swim.
Hansford said that the rescue service rescued all three with an army truck and took them to a fire station in Gloucester, where they took refuge on Friday.
Krautmann says that flooding is "fast spreading" as the rains continue, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says that one observer near Livingstone reported the fall of 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until the morning of Friday.
Krautmann said that the soil was saturated with rainfall from the environment.
Heavy rain and flooding of the streets have led to work to save residents from homes in the ward of Tandzhipahoa and to cancel classes in five school districts, and declare the authorities.
WWL, CBS, reports that counselor Tandzhipahoa told about 200 submerged houses.
The residents were evacuated to two churches, but they both inundated.
Ward president Robbie Miller stated that the authorities had saved 72 people and seven pets in high water.
The orphanages were opened in the town of Aimee and Hammond town to receive those who had been evacuated.
"They will be able to return home as soon as the water starts to retreat," he said.
In the town of Hammond Parish Tandzhipahoa, about two dozen streets were closed because of high water levels, and sandbags were made available to residents in the hope that they'll water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we had in March", said the city manager Lacey Landrum.
It is in the way of becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County, the head of the emergency response service, Rupert Lacey, reported that the false rain continued on the Gulf Coast.
He said that several houses had been registered as submerged on Thursday, but none had been registered on Friday.
Keith Towson, head of the shopper value Foods store at Aimee, lives in this area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen before," said Towson, "and it's still pouring into the ground."
Mahazh Brown, 6, Izreshechennyj bullets, remains alive after the shootout in Philadelphia
The police report that a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, recording a second shooting at a six-year-old in the city this week.
The baby's grandparents identified it for CBS Philadelphia as Mahazh Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown has received numerous gunshot wounds, including his groin, his leg, his arm and stomach, but he was conscious when he was taken to the hospital.
"He had a hard time, his little body was riddled bullets," says his grandmother Delores Melendez station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is in critical condition in the hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
The family told the stations that it was expected to recover.
He was supposed to go to first class at a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shooting in the Germantown.
Three men were also shot, two 29-year-olds and one 32-year-old.
It is reported that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; Two other victims were registered in a stable state, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found to have been shot in the front of the car, next to the 29-year-old in critical condition, to report the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and the police are investigated to see if any of the injured men could be gunmened.
The investigators report to CBS Philadelphia that there appears to have been an exchange of fire between several armed men.
Cartridges from semi-automatic weapons, attributed to different instances of semi-automatic weapons, covered the place of operation.
It seems to be definitely a long battle.
There were shells on the street on both sides of the sidewalk.
"So, apparently, there were some armed fighters and they were actively involved in the shootout," told the station captain of the Philadelphia Anthony Dzhinal'di.
Many homes and cars in the zone were also hurt.
No arrests have been made, and the police are reported to be reviewing surveillance cameras.
Another 6-year-old child, a girl, was hit in the arm with a stray bullet Tuesday, playing in front of her house in the West Oak Lane.
She's recovering, and the police are still looking for the suspect.
Why do we need Simone and Gaby and Laurie
This is what I call this year's women's gymnastics Olympic team and for several reasons.
First of all, I've been to every summer Olympiad since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And second, three gymnasts play the key role: Simon Biles, Gaby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have already inspired so many unwhite girls.
The composition of this team, supplemented by Eli stepped, who is Jewish, and Madison Koshan, who is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team looks like America, finally.
It has also strengthened the black and Latin American women's presence at the top of this sport.
For the past four years, the female gymnast number one was,.
In the last year, Simone and Gabby were No. 1 and No. 2.
It's powerful.
At the last Olympiad, Gaby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America welcomed it.
Now the world may have witnessed the incredible performances of the three world champion Simon Biles, Douglas, and Lori Hernández, performing unexpected but nevertheless virtuoso gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American succession to win gold in the women's individual absolute championship.
And a colleague in the Eli stepped earned silver.
We're witnessing the peak of this sport, but it doesn't look like it in gymnastics sections all over the country.
Simone, Gabby, and Laurie all chose the same path as Eli and Madison to make the Olympic team.
They are the final five because the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four gymnasts on the team, and this is the last year of the coach Martha Caroli.
But in reality, gymnastics is an expensive sport, and the gymnasts are first trained in private gymnastic clubs, supported by parents, paying cost of tuition, equipment, travel, uniforms, contributions for competitions, hotel fees (for coaches and their gymnasts and families), and the list continues.
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in wealthy peri-urban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where the gymnasts get everything from their workouts, and that's the expensive and long-term responsibility for the families of the gymnasts.
Aimee Burman, coach Simon Biles, and Maggie Hani, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes since they took the gymnastics.
We need to create more affordable and affordable gymnastics for the young girls, inspired by Simone, Gaby, and Lori.
I started my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have already provided free and inexpensive gymnastics in Harlem for more than 15 000 urban young men (mostly black and Latino) and have raised national and international champions.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit, my hometown, to provide high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resilience to arduous work, discipline, and insistence.
This combination has a positive impact throughout life on good health, school success, and work.
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of girls to gymnastics, and that's fine.
Doing sports is so important, especially for girls.
It's a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simone, Eli, Laurie, Gaby and Madison for this serious demonstration of the "female power" to win command Olympic gold and for motivating so many girls of different backgrounds to be healthy, strong, and successful young women.
Junior medical doctors took the job of announcing further strikes after the rejection of Jeremy Hunte's proposal
The Ministers hoped to conclude the dispute on changes by agreeing to the amended treaty with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37 000 young doctors who took part in the vote rejected him.
In July, Hunt announced plans to introduce the treaty, saying that NHS was on the ground, and any subsequent delay would harm staff and patients.
The first junior physicians have been reassigned to a new contract, which includes changes in the night and weekend work to improve the services during the hours of overtime.
Dr. Ellen Makkot, chairman of the Young Doctors ' committee "BMA," said last night in a statement: "The younger doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed treaty, in particular that he is feeding the existing labour crisis and that it cannot be applied to all doctors equitably."
There are only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors is transferred to a new contract, progress is needed and the time is over.
The attempt by the WMA to resolve the dispute was met with reluctance on the part of the Government to take action and sometimes complete silence.
And that's despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, encourage the introduction and respond to the fears of junior doctors."
If he does not do so, then the younger doctors explicit that they are ready to organize subsequent strikes.
The last strike, at the end of April, delayed some 13 000 planned operations and 100 000 nursing techniques, while nurses and consultants were recruited to ensure the replacement of doctors on the picketing line.
The Ministers hoped to conclude the dispute about the changes by agreeing to a modified treaty with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
WMA wants a better weekend pay for 54 000 junior doctors who will fall within the scope of the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director-General NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to continue the strike.
Mortimer stated: "Strikes do little or nothing, but they put pressure on already-employed teams and services and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorder to patients, sidelks and their families."
Over the past two months, we have spoken with the Junior medical committee and, together with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns about the role of guardians and corporate information policies.
The employees hoped that continued positive assistance on other important topics — such as staff distribution, flexibility of training, additional training for those returning after a career break — the cost of education, mutual recognition of the curriculum, sabbatical leave and gender pay differentials in medicine were a sign of the seriousness with which the employers, health Education England and the Department of Health were going to comply with the conditions reached by WMA in November , February and May.
The drug for £2 per day may reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of patients with a heart attack are about to use the drug for £2 a day after the authorities have recommended that they be given more people and longer.
The PROTIVOSVERTYVAJUSHHIJ Drug enforcement reduces the risk of repeated attacks on people with heart problems.
The medication is already assigned 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
The oversight service of the Nice National Health Service has advised people to give it for four years to eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
However, the oversight service of the Nice National Health Service has been advised to give it to people for four years to eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack occurs with approximately 140 000 people in England each year, and a quarter of them have another stroke or a brain.
Heart attacks and strokes arise from the accumulation of fat material on arterial walls and the formation of Ajay.
If the platelet is torn apart, it could cause a clot that blocks blood access to the heart and causes a heart attack.
And if the clot moves, it can move through the flow of blood and block the circulation to the brain by causing a stroke.
People who have already reached one attack are at greater risk of getting another.
Enforcement, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name of Brilique, reduces risk by making clots less likely.
The draft instruction Nice, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg Tikagrelora for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, director of the Nice Medical Technology Assessment Center, said, "despite the existence of effective secondary prevention methods, about a quarter of the people who already had a heart attack, another heart attack or stroke, often with devastating consequences, happens."
The fear of repetition can have a significant negative impact on the quality of human life.
There is evidence that enforcement in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
By recommending enforcement, we are happy to be able to increase the treatment options available to many thousands of people who are ready to use it.
Since information on the effectiveness and safety of Tikagrelora — especially the risk of bleeding — has been limited over three years, the draft instruction does not recommend treatment longer than this period.
The PC's ownership culture allows you to thrive on the falsification of votes in Muslim areas
Ex-mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was dismissed last year because of corruption serving the government's report
The culture of political correctness led to a closinging eye, which resulted in a widespread falsification of votes in the Muslim communities, according to information from the destructive report of the Government promulgated today.
The former cabinet minister, Sir Erik Pickles, is criticizing the police, election observers and city administrators for ignoring the evidence of electoral irregularities due to "excessive sensitivity about race and religion".
The former secretary of local communities, now the anti-corruption king, reported that intimidation of religious voters was so strong that the police should be allowed to cordon off the polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He suggests that voters take their identity cards to prove who they are when they vote.
For the time being, voters should simply indicate their name and address.
The report even proposes to permanent ink on people's fingers when they rent their own ballots in order to prevent someone from voting twice.
There should be better protection for informants, Sir Eric said.
He called for greater access by the press to local council documents and decisions taken by informal committees or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect against electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government against a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it", he said.
The report has been ordered Downing Street as a result of the voting scandal in the Tower Hamletse in east London.
Last year, the Special Court dealing with electoral matters ruled that the current mayor, Luftur Rahman, should have been removed from office because of a long list of corrupt and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "cynically twisted" the religious sentiments of his Muslim community and silenced his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, it was said, "waged his campaign based on the fact that it was the duty of the Muslim worshippers to vote for him."
Until 300 votes were cast in doubt or were the result of a personacii when a person votes in a way that represents someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud all over the country.
He expressed particular concern about the postal fraud, in which senior members of the Muslim community had reportedly put pressure on the people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photograph, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the requirement to bring his identity card to prove who you are
Its report states: "Evidence was provided on the pressures exerted on vulnerable members of certain ethnic minority communities, in particular women and young people, to vote on the will of the elders, especially in the communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin."
"It was feared that ..." State institutions have closed their eyes to such behaviour because of the excessive sensitivity of "political correctness" over ethnicity and religion.
Cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including removing political activists from working with postal ballots to stop "harvesting votes".
The report, before Theresa Mae, also calls for intensified registration checks to prevent the use of a voter list for immigration and privilege fraud.
An option is under consideration to require voters to present an identity card before voting.
Use permanent ink on people's fingers once they drop their newsletter to prevent someone from voting twice.
Conduct systematic checks of the nationality of the people to ensure that they have the right to vote.
Enter a three-three limit on requests for automatic mail voting.
To have the political participants in the campaign and the activists be taken away from the correspondence and postal ballots.
Empower the police to establish cordons around the polling stations.
Amend the law to make it easier for people to be charged with intimidation in accordance with the 1983 People's Act.
Illegal photography at polling stations.
Require that only English be used at the polling stations (except Wales).
Strengthen your training to make sure that your staff makes the voting in a booth one at a time.
Sir Eric is violently attacking the city police, claiming that this is "striking", that no criminal charges have been brought against the tower of Hamlets.
"The court considering elections, disqualified Lutfura Rahman and his agent for a long list of corrupt and illegal actions", he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of a reasonable doubt — a criminal standard of proof — on a number of grounds.
He also criticizes the inconclusive "check-up" of the electoral divisions of the city administration.
Sir Eric stated, "Last year's ruling in Tower Hamletse was a wake-up call."
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, and yet the alarming and covert spread of selective fraud and the state of denial by some bodies threaten this good reputation.
Going crazy on the bicycle analogy of Kate and the other celebrity doppelgangers of the Rio Olympics
The fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio this week went crazy on the French velosipedistke Pauline Circuit Prevost, which turns out to be an impressive resemblance to Duchess Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympic player is not the only athlete to struggling for gold this summer, which can boast its own famous doppelganger, at least as reported in social.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous people who appear on our screens so far, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympians that have more than a superficial resemblance to Hollywood stars.
The Hunter and the Wolf: a member of the U.S. archery Men's team Brady Allison, left, compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid.
In addition to Cate's doppelganger on a bike track, many people online hastened to point out how a certain archer could be the twin superstar of Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the men's team of Archers, Brady Ellison, was the cause of a hurricane on Twitter, after a picture of him appeared to be a scary-looking wolf Star with Uollstrit.
And in fact, Archer found out about the madness of social and admitted that he had heard that he looked like Leo since he was a kid.
"I personally do not see a great resemblance, maybe with the exception of vegetation on the face," said Brady Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will certainly be even more this year: the striking resemblance between British jumper Greg Razerfordom and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Alia Mustafina, with her big, expressive eyes, is said to be an exact replica of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the South African swimmer's pool, Cameron van der Burg was compared to the star of chorus Matthew Morrison for many years.
To the more unexpected: This user believes that Nathan is the "Sport version" of the "start actor"
Another long-lasting comparison was between tennis Raphael and actor Josh Harnettom, who could boast similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
The silver medalist swimmer from Russia Julia Efimov can boast not only of the same tanned skin and blond hair as the actress AnnaLynne McCord, while Nathan Adrian of the U.S. team, according to fans, resembles the "sports version of Joseph Gorgon Levitte".
Severe women: Hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter of Dexter, right, have the same face and eye shape
Not only: One user Twitter was very pleased that others also saw similarities
By creating a theory: According to this user, there may be a reason behind the similar appearance of this pair
One user Twitter recently contacted the site to publicize its delight that "the rest of the internet thinks Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
Indeed, the United States football star and actress Dexter have incredibly similar faces and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of Laura Lynn's actress, and also win the gold medal to the gymnast Gaby Douglas, who can boast of her own beautiful, broad smile, which is like the smile of the star "getting successful" by Gabriel Union.
The CBC of the Olympic commentator apologizes for having spoken about the Chinese swimmer, "died like a pig."
The analysis of Byron McDonald's fourth place at the 14-year-old jan'han' on the women's relay freestyle's M outraged in the environment of viewers of the CBC in a live broadcast of the Olympiad
The Canadian Broadcasting company CBC was obliged to apologize after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started as stinking" and "died like a pig" during the swim.
Byron McDonald's commentator thought his microphone was off when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final women's relay's M freestyle.
You could hear how McDonald, who was attracted to a team of CBC commentators, to "make it color", said, "This 14-year-old Chinese woman dropped the ball, baby."
Too agitated, started out like a stink, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Janhan, who was 14 years old, sailed the second stage of the Relay for 1:57,79-1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor cancer, allowing Canadians to eliminate China's lag.
Viewers across Canada reacted quickly on the network after they were shocked by the tone and the expressions used
Emmett McFarlane tweeting: "Did the broadcaster really CBC just say that the 14-year-old swimmer of China ' died like a pig '?"
"This idiot didn't realize they were still on the air."
About AI jan'han' from China in the finals of the women's relay's m freestyle said, "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman dropped the ball, baby."
The Twitter critics immediately struck Byron McDonald, many of whom called on him to fire
Twitter users couldn't resist hearing how insensitive Byron McDonald was.
Another user Twitter, Sara Paradise, wrote, ' Wow, Byronmacdonald.
You imagine CBC and Canada and make us look like a bunch of racists. Disgusted.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russell, who led the transfer of CBC, apologized live for MacDonald's commentary, stating: ' We ask for forgiveness for a comment on swimming. '
It was a bad choice of words, and we're sorry it happened.
IFOR concluded by apologizing to more than 90 people who tvitnuli in response to this statement
A friend of commentator Scott Russell had to apologize for McDonald's face.
CBC then copied and sent their apologies to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also hurriedly apologized and published the application.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to live.
Last night we acted quickly to apologize to our viewers live and our subscribers to social.
Make it clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmers statement, not to her personality.
And yet it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron very much regrets what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald apologized live and attempted to clarify his comment, stating that he did not think that his words differently as an attack on the individual.
' I'd like to take the moment to apologize for the comment I made last night after the women's relay, ' said he was in the CBC ' Olympics broadcast.
' I was talking about swimmers's talk, not her own. '
"It goes without saying that there was no disrespect, and I'm sorry."
The buyer Primark insulted a woman who shamelessly on underwear in the middle of the store.
The buyers didn't know where to take the look when some woman correlation to try her panties on the floor with the shops in the middle of the Primark.
And even worse, she tried to look at them, pull them, and put them back on the shelf.
She continued the search and eventually measured four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place Mall at Folkestone.
The shop of the Primark shopping center Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where the woman on the knitting panties before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the store at the time, said that after a sample of underwear, the mysterious woman again "dressed and left the store without buying anything".
She said, "People couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of a shopping arcade, she took a couple of panties off the showcase, took off her stockings and panties and put them on.
"She didn't try to find a secluded place to do it-she just stood there, Shameless."
"Everyone's staring when she took off her panties again, and they obviously didn't like it because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same thing to three other couples before she finally decided that there was nothing here that she liked, dressed again, and came out.
"It doesn't look like she cared who was watching her or what she thought of the man who would eventually buy those cowards she on."
33-year Jenny Davidson from Kent said, "How could it be wrong to think that someone is going to take home the cowards that someone else was wearing and they were not washed."
The accident happened Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added, "I conclude that the staff apparently tried to remove these items from the sale after she left-and the better."
"I wouldn't want to come home with a new pair of women's underwear and find out that the other woman was wearing and taking them off, and they weren't washed."
The representative of Primark said: "Primark knows about the incident that occurred at our store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9."
All the goods in question had been removed from the sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with a pistol using Krav-wizard
Around the world is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com may help make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Ron Mizrachi, master of the Krav-magician in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
Whether you're on the front or the back, this video will show you how to beat a burglar with his own weapons.
In the rear, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is to turn around so that you can see the assailant and ' liberate the line of fire '.
Then you squeeze the gun tightly between your forearm and your shoulder before you hit them with a free elbow.
Then it follows the knee to the groin, and while it's bending from the pain, you pull a gun out of his hands, punch him in the face with a gun, and walk back, holding his gun on him.
For an armed, appropriate front, the method of execution is similar-remove your body from the line of fire, quickly grab the gun and twist it so that the villain cannot shoot.
At the same time, move the weight to the gun and hit the chest with the fist, then pull the gun out of its stock before you step back and target it.
Sounds hard?
Watch the video to see exactly how it does Mizrachi.
But remember, the safest way out of any robbery-if you're not a master Krav-magician-is to give your cash.
For the travel guide Ian Wright conducts his tongue in the most sordid places in Europe.
A British traveler has subjected his immune system and vomiting to a serious test that licking some of the most sordid and disgusting places in Europe.
The moderator and author of travel books, Jan Wright, 51, from Suffolk, spent a language on a euro note, a railing for circus you, a toilet flush button on a train and a Russian public telephone to prove the strength of his immune system.
Before I lick every object, he used Luminometer to show himself and what he's doing.
But the experiment, which is supposed to be a film called "The leadership of the Lisa-traveler on internal strength," has produced some amazing results.
The idea of licking a flush button on a train that is used by thousands of others can be extremely nasty, but there are actually more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout the European tour, Wright spoke to the doctors and caregivers about the increase in intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing of mature has brought him more than bad taste in his mouth.
Wright was known for his intestine tests, traveling around the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public railings at the stations to the toilet flush button, this task, of course, tested his immune system.
In the film he took, he said, ' Since I was a kid, I've been completely uncaring about my health, and I've pulled a lot of things into my mouth from the ground, eating worms and dirty water. '
He certainly proved his reputation during the movie.
The only thing he refused was a dirty Russian public toilet.
His Pap smear showed a value of luminometer exceeding 4000 units.
To compare, the hands that have just been washed must be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet that he refused to lick, after the value of his luminometer was more than 4000 units, while the newly washed hands show less than 60
Wright and the Finnish dairy product manufacturer, Valio, have a film about a traveler called the "Internal Strength Traveler's Guide", which shows the number of bacteria in different locations, such as toilets
In the film, he said, ' It's close to one of the worst things I smelled in the bathroom. '
There's nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything because it's disgusting.
The "guide to the internal strength of the traveler" was withdrawn with the Finnish dairy manufacturer Valio.
The company provided Wright Valio Gefilus, which contains Kislomolochny bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D, to help accelerate the growth of human intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior vice president Valio for snacks, juice, and new categories Nico Vuorenmaa said, ' We really wanted to offer customers something new.
What would be interesting to see and at the same time could explain the benefits of probiotic.
We had a brainstorming that ended with the idea of "let's call Jan."
They claim that interest in intestines is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a larger context: good and bad bacteria in our daily environment, the importance of bowel health, and how it relates to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and through this documentary we have been able to provide more information to consumers in an interesting form.
I also think the film shows that we have a good sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who was the director of the film, added, ' Let's say, I would lose respect for Jan if he licked some of the things I asked for, like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film. '
Of course, some of Jan's things were easier to lick, and some were pretty tight.
I'm glad some of these oblizyvanij we got on tape.
In a survey conducted in 2015 by Valio, 84 per cent of the respondents linked Kislomolochny bacteria exclusively to good stomach and intestines, while 58 per cent said that they were using, at least occasionally, products containing added Kislomolochny bacteria.
The hooligans ' family destroyed Saltash, the municipal House of Cornwall, on the eve of the eviction.
The hooligans ' family left their municipal house with losses of 50 000 £ after they were evicted for intimidating their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner, Sean Trebilkoka, were kicked out of their real estate in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the real estate, shocked officials of the housing and construction cooperatives discovered the property in a condition that required repair.
The walls were left with gaping holes, the floorboards were opened, the Trash was 'sed by the floor and the walls were stained with graffiti.
The family is now relocated and is supposed to live in a private apartment.
Donna McAvoy, Rasselitel' in Cornwall Housing, said she was afraid that he would not be saved.
She said, ' It was an absolute nightmare for people here, and I don't think people should live like this.
There are a lot of things that need to be weighed, because this real estate is likely to be known as a not very good aspect of Cornwall.
The family uses bad glory, and their name is notoriously unpopular.
The couple had three sons who were living in a real estate from time to time, and the police report that the Kingdom of horror caused by the family included fights on the street with baseball bats, intimidation of residents of surrounding areas, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive shouting, controversy and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease agreement, received a warrant for antisocial conduct in June.
In several rooms, the house that could be demolished found old rubbish.
The floor boards in the house in which drugs were sold in the past were are
Neighbors say they saw fights on the street and regularly called the police.
Cornwall housing forcibly evicted her and her partner's home this week after being granted an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
The eviction was greeted with relief by neighbours who said their lives had been turned into hell.
One said, ' They didn't care about anyone.
We lived with them for 20 years, and it was always bad.
The number of times we've seen the police here, it's incredible.
' We couldn't sleep this morning. '
We got up because it was so quiet, we're not used to it!
Now that they're finally gone, everything's going to be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the neighbourhood Cornwall Housing, said that the family had not been able to cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with the police, and was regularly summoned by the police
Trash and old toys were scattered down the overgrown side of the municipal house.
He added: ' It is a disgrace that the tenant could not accept any responsibility for the conduct of her and her family, because eviction is always the last method of action that is considered by Cornwall housing.
It was a very complex case, because the conduct was a limit, and their actions must have been terrifying to her observing neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the police, and the members of the Devon and Cornwall community have invested courageously in giving us information.
I hope that this development will give some solace to the neighbours and send a signal that asocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said that they were all slightly more than 20.
A dirty mattress remaining on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction.
Resettlement workers will now have to remove the piles of trash that surround the house
In 2014, the police searched the house and found more than 70 g hemp, as well as scales, corresponding accessories and £1700 cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to the possession of a class of drugs in order to supply.
She said that the money went to pay gravestones for her son, Li Skeldona, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were made homeless, there is evidence that Tanya and her partner now live in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms in the house were stained with graffiti all over the surface.
The police say that they will try to evict tenants who are not subject to the rental rules of the premises
Angela Crowe, from the Devon and Cornwall Police, stated that the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continued to violate the rules.
' This is a message to those who feel they can behave without the accusations of the prosecutor and those who are harmed by such behaviour, she said.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by the police of Devon and Cornwall, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were terrified when the-military aircraft barely touched the beach.
In the city of Aveiro in Portugal, tourists who adore the soak in the sun, feared for their lives.
The Orion aircraft of the Portuguese Air Force flew incredibly low
The Air Force reported that it had carried out a training flight but insisted that there was no security risk
This is the moment when scared tourists start to panic, while the moment when the-plane dived over a crowded beach.
A military aircraft is visible in dramatic frames, flying almost at a distance from the sand hunters in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
Resting his on their legs as soon as they were understandably concerned about airplane noise, but not being able to see them moving through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday evening near the town of Aveiro in Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidays who published a shocking footage of a social network, said, "he flew very low twice, and there was a moment, at some point, he seemed to crash."
Dineip Arrozha added: "I was surfing and I swear it felt like the plane was about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach Aveiro were terrified when the plane showed up from the fog and flew at extremely low altitude.
The Portuguese Air Force stated today that the pilot of the P-3 C Orion was carrying out a training flight to detect fishing boats off the shore and was forced to descend so low as it was the only way to verify them.
The pilot stated that the aircraft flew slightly lower than usual due to the lack of visibility caused by smoke from nearby burning forests, but the Air Force insisted that no one was exposed to danger.
This summer, forest fires damaged the mainland of Portugal, as well as four people living on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force made a statement today that the pilot had to fly so low due to circumstances — thick fog and smog from wildfires that made the visibility worse
The aircraft carried out a training flight and the pilot was instructed to locate the fishing boats as part of the mission
The "HACCP" system has been compulsory for the city of Pete for over a year, but most cafes and restaurants in St. Petersburg have not yet implemented it.
The checks are becoming more active and the business is facing fines of up to $1 million.
For more than a year, the hazard analysis and critical Control points system (HACCP, in the Russian version of the HACCP)-risk analysis and critical control points-are mandatory for the use of food by producers and carriers, as well as by companies in the Russian Federation, as a member of the Customs Union (TC).
Rospotrebnadzor business audits to meet these standards in Petersburg began in February 2015.
But so far, officials have only issued fines for certain violations of the rules (see "List of documents" ...).
Failure to comply with the rules in general will be a business of 600 thousand. Rubles for the first breach and 1 million rubles for the second.
HACCP as a system that takes into account the risks of working with and preventing food, invented in the United States in the 1960s.
It was about safety for astronauts.
The system is now used in all food factories, not only in the United States, but also in Canada and Union.
Since February 2015, HACCP operates on the territory of the TC.
The development and implementation of the business system was four years (the HACCP requirement appeared in technical regulations TC in 2011).
However, both the entrepreneurs and officials recognize that most companies have not even heard of the norm.
Unfortunately, we had long been convinced that the rule concerned only food production, not restaurateur, and the head of the Social Council, Elena Tsereteli, explained.
Now everyone's trying to catch up.
The expected date for the renewal of charter flights to Turkey is the end of August and early September.
But they will not call for a hype because their target audience, the families with the children, are already preparing for school, and the experts have noted.
The travel agency sent a letter to the Government yesterday requesting that the charters be allowed.
"For many Russian tourists, the question of the selection of quality and accessible sea rest is insoluble," "since most of the accommodation facilities are already booked in the resorts of Krasnodar Krai and the Republic of Crimea before the end of September," note the authors of the letter and stress that the opening of the Charter in August will not significantly affect the already existing demand for Russian sea tourism.
As reported in the north-Western Regional Office of the Russian Union Industry (PCT), if the aviation authorities of Russia and Turkey quickly agree, the renewal of charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
It is primarily up to the aviation authorities to have a clear understanding when the Charter will be renewed.
"Airplanes can technically fly in September, even August, if tour operators quickly build programmes and reach out to airlines on boarding," says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director for communications and international projects, north-west Regional office of Pct.
He said that the possible renewal of the charters was good news, but not too much to influence the market, because the major buyers of Charter tours-families with children-had already returned from rest and were preparing for school or vacation in other countries.
In the velvet season, you buy tours mostly of single travelers and couples.
"Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to rest spontaneously," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract a lot of tourists if it now offers very budget proposals-50-60 thousand." "The two of us, because there are people who are purposefully waiting for very cheap tours," says Valeria Rosenthal, director general of Travel Optio.
Otherwise, there's no need to expect a lot of hype-the main mass of travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that since there is a demand for regular flights to Turkey, the charters will also be required, but there is no hype.
"For Turkey, the launching of charters now is the rehearsal of the next season," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters to Turkey is positive news for the next season," Valerie Scars agree.
The tax code provides for exemption from income statutory compensatory payments within the limits of the approved rules relating to compensation for injury caused by injury or other injury to health.
The provision of milk to workers employed in hazardous work is provided for in art. 222 the TC RF.
At the same time, the rules and conditions of extradition are established by order of the Ministry of Russia from February No. 45n.
According to this document, free milk or other equivalent foods are provided to employees in the actual employment days of work in hazardous working conditions due to the presence of harmful production factors in the workplace.
On the basis of these standards, the Russian Federation, in the letter under consideration, concluded that it was based on ABS. 2 p. 3 of art. 217 The Russian Federation of Russia shall be exempted from the incomeing of the income in the form of the value of milk issued to employees in the days of actual employment on work in hazardous working conditions in accordance with the rules and conditions approved by the Order of the Ministry of Russia from February No. 45n.
The Moscow "Gazstrojbank" was left without a bank license.
On Friday, 12 August 2016, the central Bank of Russia revoked the licence to carry out banking operations with the credit organization, the joint Commercial Bank "Gazstrojbank", registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, the JSC Gazstrojbank had a high-risk credit policy involving the placement of funds in low-quality assets.
An adequate assessment of the risk taken at the request of the supervisory authority and the accurate reflection of the value of the bank's assets have resulted in the credit organization having grounds for implementing measures to prevent bankruptcy.
The credit organization was also involved in dubious transit operations.
A provisional administration is appointed at the bank until the time of appointment to a competitive governor or liquidator.
The powers of the executive branch of a credit organization under federal law have been suspended.
Gazstrojbank is a member of the deposit insurance system.
Remember, that the payment of insurance to the depositors of the bank, including individual businessmen, under federal Law No. 177-XP "on the insurance of deposits of natural persons in banks of the Russian Federation", is provided for 100 per cent of the balance, but no more than 1.4 million rubles. Combined with one contributor.
Payments, according to the Deposit Insurance agency, will begin not later than 26 August 2016.
According to the report, the Gazstrojbank of the JSC in the banking system of the Russian Federation was 335 place on August 1, 2016.
A London schoolgirl who joined Isis died in Syria
Cadiz the Sultan, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasneem Akundzhi stated that her family had learned of her death in Raqqah, Syria, a few weeks earlier.
It is believed that she died from a Russian air strike in Raqqah, a stronghold of the group in the country, as reported by ITV News on Thursday.
The Sultan was 17 years old and, according to her family, she died just as she planned to leave the-war and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only benefit of this, as a tombstone and a testament to others, is that these are the risks involved in the war zone-to dissuade people from ever making the same choice," said Akundzhi.
In February 2015, the Sultan and two other schoolgirls from east London sat on a plane to Turkey and then on a bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultan's family was told that she had married a ISIS militant in Syria and had become a widow for several months.
Reed states that Clinton will remain loyal to Garland learn as a candidate for the post of Supreme judge if elected
The leader of Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reed, said that he was convinced that a Democratic candidate for President Hillary Clinton would be nominate Judge Mary Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as president.
The Republicans of the Senate blocked the claim of Garland, the same as President Barack Obama nominateded him in March.
The leader of the majority group in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, states that the next president will choose the man who can replace the last judge of the Supreme Court, Antonina Scalia.
Reed said at the conference call on Thursday that he was predicting that Clinton would choose a garland "with some certainty."
The representative of Reed later said that he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she was going to Garland, and was just making assumptions.
He praised Garland and said that the Clinton team would not want to "rock the Boat" with a new choice.
Garland is the Chief Justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reed stated that the Republicans, who block the nomination of Garland, are "colleagues" and "accomplices" to President Donald Trump's Republican candidate.
He stated that Trump was not suitable for his position.
Treats states that erotic calendars are for ' women, as well as men '
The treats magazine cooperates with photographer David Bjell'merom to release the calendar for the year 2017, inspired by Pirelli 1970s.
But instead of naked celebrities, they set the goal of finding the next generation of top models for their 2017 calendar with nude muse.
President treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine, with a large number of nude models, is different from old-fashioned playboy because "Playboy is for men."
I'm making it for women.
Apparently, he thinks the calendar is too.
"We need to go back to showing an eternal and classic naked figure where women, like men, feel comfortable and one these images of a woman's body," said the show in a press release declaring about the calendar.
Women will want to be part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
Models can submit photos online or in person in open casting in Los Angeles and New York.
The A will give a reminder of the unscrupulous online shops.
In Moscow, we're going to issue a checklist that will tell you how to not be a victim of an online store.
It was reported in Rospotrebnadzor, writes M24.
It is reported that the Department's specialists are preparing a checklist that will help citizens to choose the right online store and recognize possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of the brochure includes several sections.
This will be an overview and legislative framework, rules for the delivery of goods, and ways to protect their legitimate rights.
"The annex will provide advice on how to properly compile the claim, and so on", told the Rospotrebnadzor.
The reminder is being finalized.
It will then be posted on the Rospotrebnadzor site for Moscow, and a printed version and handed out to a.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia issued a statement calling the name of the second suspect in the organization of the sabotage in the Crimea.
Citizens of Ukraine and Russia who assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts were apprehended.
Among them are Panov Yevgeny Alexandrovich and Zahtej Andrei Franchuk.
"They all give a confession," the message says.
Previously, a resident of the Zaporizhia region, Yevgeny Panov, who had been detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in Crimea, pleaded guilty to interrogation.
Fás give Google at 438 million rubles.
The federal Antimonopoly Service of Russia (FAS) has imposed an administrative fine on Google in the amount of 438 million rubles, which is mentioned on the agency's website.
"Google's fine for violating antitrust legislation was 438 million rubles."
"We hope that the company will execute our decision and pay the fine in the near future," said deputy head of FAs Alexei Dotsenko.
In the course of the investigation, Fás found that Google is supplying smartphone manufacturers that are sold in Russia, the Google Play app store only if other corporate applications are installed on the device.
These applications include a search engine that must be hosted on the main smartphone screen.
In this way, the corporation violates article 1 of art. 10 XP "On the Protection of competition" (abuse of dominance).
We are confident that compliance will provide an opportunity to promote competition in the mobile market in Russia, which is beneficial for our consumers.
The law "on the protection of competition" must be observed by all companies whose products are shipped to the territory of the Russian Federation and by transnational Corporations, including "," noted the chief of the Communications and Information Technology department, Fás of Russia, Elena Zaeva.
The agency suspects 16 Russian shops in collusion.
The new book network was fined for selling the book "50 Days before my suicide."
The new book Network is fined for selling a stace Kramer book 50 days before my suicide, reports the City news agency Moscow.
According to Rospotrebnadzor, without specifying the amount of the fine, the text of the book may be construed as "provoking or motivating the suicidal behaviour of children and adolescents".
The Ostankino District Court confirmed the violation of the established requirements for the distribution of information products to children and decided to impose a fine with confiscation of 49 copies of the printed goods arrested by the Rospotrebnadzor.
The source in the new book confirmed that it was Stace Kramer.
In March of this year, it was reported that the major bookshops in Moscow were being tested for a book of "50 Days before my suicide".
In Moscow, the memory night of Ernst Doe will pass.
In Moscow, the memory night of the sculptor, Ernst Doe, will pass.
The event will take place on 15 August in the central House of literary.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say good-bye to an unknown person in the United States.
"It has therefore been decided to arrange this evening for those who want to mourn it on their native land", stated in the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
They said it was important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
Close friends of the unknown, including poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, painter Boris Messerer, president of Pushkin, were invited to the evening. Pushkin Irina Antonov, directed by Mark Pink, and the Russian Minister of culture, Vladimir Medinsky, head of the Department of Culture of Moscow, Alexander Kibovsky, deputy mayor of Moscow Leonid printers.
It was previously reported that relatives of Ernst Doe were planning to service a sculptor in New York, presumably until 14 August.
The end customer blames: who actually buys the records?
Single men of middle age love vinyl.
And until you jumped the pollute section of the notes with gross insults under the pseudonym Nevseodinokiemuzhchinysrednihlet, this statement is derived from the evidence.
According to YouGov, so much of the debated renaissance of the records is not caused by the boom among the generation of 2000th, who want to enter the novelty of a material object, but nostalgia for the middle years.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album with a large proportion of probabilities are between 45 and 54, according to the data.
Furthermore, those who belong to the 18-24 age group are least likely to be.
It is also not just an act of gathering amateurs-it has an emotional value: The more senior buyers are more likely to hold their feelings (56% vs. 53%). and enjoy loneliness (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results YouGov faithful?
If this blog were a television news story, the camera would follow me while I was walking the center of Soho's busy street, in a modest grey suit and a violent gesticulating before the stop, 'reing hands and saying something impressive like, "Well, let's see."
Okay, let's see.
While Soho's heart is slowly stripped of its charms and mud-hotels, cafes, boxes are, now flooded buildings, once occupied by independent sellers-several musical shops with fantastic specialists remain.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next scene, which I am close to various people in some of these shops and trying to gauge their age and emotional mood through surveillance.
Born Glasgow Stewart, 55 years of age, followed by sister Ray (data count:) Two young women, three middle-aged men, to reckless records (data count: Eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably over 20 years old), in London for half a day to meet, and strolling shopping to take a few hours.
He's a collector, I'm asking?
"I believe yes," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4 000 records.
These records, shown above (he emailed me a picture, I didn't chase him home), followed the lines to the walls of his living room.
His reason for acquiring such a huge number of albums and singles is in part from his disposable income: he can now buy records that he couldn't afford when they went out and buy the items he sold when he was young and broke.
"Much of what I getting is the end of the 1960s, the beginning of the ' 70s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things that I probably were too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records are most likely to introverts, who enjoy their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink too much."
That's my fault.
Ujez, 25 years old, who works in Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he meets match the YouGov profile.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people who were influenced by the buzz of the media, people who heard about their return and felt the obligation to redeem their old records.
Judging from the conversations I had, people got rid of their collection, usually around 1998 or 1999.
"Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs now sell their CDs to redeem their records," he says.
This may explain the boom among the Renaissance figures for a certain age.
What about the supposed emotional importance of records?
Just spend a few seconds in the store, like Phonica, to understand that record shops offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to Ujeza, some older clients, in particular, were being insulted by the cash flow system.
Some of the vinyl enthusiasts may feel overwhelmed by the digital world and prefer to be removed in the continuity of familiar envelopes for records, objects that encourage memories of serene youth.
"I think sometimes it may be filling a void or possessing things as a kind of comfort," says Ujez.
Since I'm a collector myself, I have it, and I think a lot of people do, too.
It's a simple way to take your head.
"We're like their social workers!", said a colleague from a record rack.
An ICM survey in April showed that almost 50 percent of the people who bought the vinyl album last month have not yet listened to it.
The survey also found that 41% has a player that they never use, while 7% of those who buy vinyl have no record player.
At this stage of the news, I would probably look seriously puzzled, through racks with Bosanóva.
The "trophy" aspect of revival is what Johnny Saw, 42 years, that works in the Sound of the Universe (data count: three middle-aged men).
"Someone came in recently and said," I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead record so we can put it in our regiment, "he says.
It's not a big percentage, but it certainly happens.
More of a number, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not the elderly, they are a little less than 20 who are just becoming acquainted with it.
The Fopp, who now takes almost the whole floor, has a much more diverse audience when I come.
There are pairs of tourists who are photographed, adolescent boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less unenforceable than in the above shops — the last St. and sexy pop beast, rather than the jazz improvisation, gets through the columns — it's nice to see the diversity in its clients.
None of them seem particularly lonely, but painful psychological trauma is difficult to establish standing 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27 years old, went to Fopp a few minutes looking at the various records available on the market.
She's peeking at the merchandise, not spending the money.
She doesn't earn much, she says, so it's not a very good option to collect records.
It's expensive.
Listening to music on your computer or other device is easy, but beauty is blame-it's a-she's immersed in dreams with a sigh of love.
I don't know how to explain it-it's really unique.
My last stop is the store, which is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of vinyl lovers: City men.
While I'm creating the illusion that I'm considering denim tight shorts, I'm watching a group of teenage girls, every minute gathering around the Polaroid cell, before the father and his daughter start discussing the purchase of the Crosley player.
On the left is a ladder whose wall is filled by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mack: A mixture of modern style and classics, mandatory records for any middle collection.
No one is looking — perhaps because they are just decoration, some are so high on the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
It's a real "art vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects can mean more money for the industry and send a few customers to the Soho depth for a little while, not much to complain about.
Not surprisingly, a segment of the population that is more likely than the majority to have more time and money than the majority is the layer that spends most money on luxury items such as vinyl.
But so far, my findings indicate that the results of the YouGov are accurate, at least in Soho records, they do not exclude the existence of a huge number of women collectors and lovers vinyl, which exist in reality, in record shops and in online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or office.
But they obviously don't spend the morning of Thursday, walking through the shops on Berwick Street Records, Throughing Records and avoiding the unpleasantness of a 30-year-old fake lead who hangs over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenlanded Polar shark-most long-lived vertebrate animal-report
Scientists claim that the Greenland polar shark has the longest lifespan from all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies these sharks, states that the record has set the female age from 272 to 512 years and five metres long
The French court rejects the proposal to demolish shops in the jungle refugee camp
The French court rejected the proposal by the Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
In the court hearings this week, the Calais authorities expressed that the State should be able to demolish a total of 72 makeshift shops, where people inside the camp sell goods, cigarettes to energy drinks, offer to cut or sell tea for 50 cents (40r) or the simplest dishes for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
Calais Prefecture it has been suggested that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes and because they carry fire and health risks.
The humanitarian groups told the court that shops and restaurants were vital, claiming that the free meals offered by the Government Association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing population in the camp.
They have argued that improvised shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those in need.
The Lille court ruled that there was no legal reason to expel the people who administered the 72 homemade shops, but stated that the problems of the Calais prefecture "were fully understood".
Judge Jean-François Molla said that groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much larger role than feeding people who "live under extremely shaky conditions".
He said that the spaces had ensured the quiet points of the meeting of Refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was threatened with demolition, there was a children's Café Book of Jungles in a camp that does not work for profit and offers 200 meals per day, English and French classes and asylum consultations for hundreds of vulnerable minors unaccompanied in the camp.
More than 170 000 people signed a petition to protect the children's café.
The letter sent to Guardian stated that its closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are not older than eight years".
Two charities, assistance to refugees and L'Auberge des migrants on Friday, estimated that the size of the jungle camp had grown to over 9 000 people — the highest in history — after a sharp increase in arrivals during the summer.
The Neighbourhood libraries invite young svobodnencev to cognitive programmes.
This week, the branch libraries will be meeting on the day of the city, the year of the Russian cinema, and even the day of athlete.
Programmes target the children's audience, so much of it will be in play.
Today, August 10, the Library-affiliate No. 2, in a linear neighbourhood, invites a "small town of Mine" to the cruise presentation.
On August 11, in the Branch Library, No. 1 will have the local lore hour "I live in this town, I know this city."
There will be a multimedia lesson "the Earth's past destiny" in the Branch Library, No. 2 on the same day.
And in the branch library, the Surazhevke game program, film, film, film.
On Sunday, 14 August, for the boys in the northern neighborhood, the library-branch 3 will run the Hello-Hello game program.
Britain stops at rugby-7 silver after the Fiji class Master allows them to take gold
The Great Britain's impressive rugby-7 series was severely stopped at the final hurdle by Fiji's team on Thursday night, when they were completely defeated by the 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class of ball, Raspasovke, evasion, support for the game, running near exit lines and brute force to win gold — their first Olympic medal of any colour.
The defeat came with not too poor a solace in silver, the third in Britain in a day, and they could be proud of their efforts in the first rugby-7 Olympic tournament, where New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa were victorious on the road.
The painful beating of boxing 7-5 in the semi-finals earlier in the day could have come back to adversely affect them in the final.
But, no matter what, Fiji in this form won the best of a 15-man team.
This may be a comfort to Britain — but probably not — that at least one British will hang a gold medal tomorrow at the neck: Fiji's chief coach, Ben Ryan, former chief of England from Wimbledon.
It was a journey for the United Kingdom.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game on Adelaide seven.
They only lost one here.
These blows will hurt, but the progress is striking.
Fiji is doing great, for fun, chopping up British attempts to intercept the ball.
It was like pushing a convoy of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and World Series champions went up 5-0 when Dcea Kolinisau dove into a corner.
With four minutes on the clock, Dzherrir Tuvaj added another touchdown to the right flank, which was implemented.
12-0 and the United Kingdom barely touched the ball.
The magnificent attempt to intercept Mitchell has kept the man-Mt. Leon Nakaravu from hitting the third, but it has only delayed Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jace Veremalua made a touchdown in the right corner, and Britain lost 17-0.
Nakarava added another one after the renewal and there was still more than a minute on the clock ... In the first half.
Vatemo Ravovo then broke through a few more feeble attempts to intercept Britain and Storm took the line to get a point.
The implementation led to 29-0 on break.
It seemed as if Fiji had been born to play rugby-7, while the Great Britain was still possessing a craft.
Which, to a large extent, is the case.
The United Kingdom made a massive replacement for half the game, and they've the Fijian dam ... For all four minutes, the first half was good, until Joshua Tuisova after a few shiny Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed an attempt for Britain by making a touchdown in the left corner to make the score 36-7, but the game was long on the way to the southern Islanders, whose fans sang, waveded the flags, and danced in the stands.
It was impossible to admire the complete joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William embellished a Fijian cake that did not need colouring, another attempt in the last few seconds.
A whistle was raised, Fijians hugged, and Britain fell on the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier on the same day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in its semifinals, and the UK slightly bypassed South Africa in a tense semi-finals of one attempt — the difference between the British implementation.
Kyle Brown brings boxing forward in the first half, but Dan Norton, using some splendid leg work, tore up the line and scored beneath the beams in the second half.
The brilliant last attempted interception from Marcus Watson, brother 15 to the command of England, Anthony, ensured Victory — and ultimately a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stjenning are inspired to win rowing with a cancer coach
There will be no more thrilling gold in these games, and that says something.
From the first movement to the last, 220 of heavy uprisings in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stjenning found the added value of their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who pulled the paddles, there were three voices in that boat, and the echo of Robin Williams ' coach was always there for the second consecutive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first women in the Annals of British Sports, who reached that altitude.
Their superiority was absolute, after all it was their 39 undefeated statement, again unprecedented.
What we see, the two shiny athletes moving across the surface with the elegance of the Swans, do not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
With every gold in rowing, a battalion of Ready hands contributing to incremental victories, which are important, and there are no hands that are more important than the hands of a coach who, 30 months ago, when diagnosed with cancer, did not know if he would live to see the day.
Like he said, it was a dangerous affair.
I had a bladder cancer that was one of the things they could operate on, and they did it.
If they don't, he goes everywhere.
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
She's changing your kind for the future a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio is fortunate to have been able to begin treatment at the beginning of 2014 in off-season, while keeping the plot gap minimal if this can be the correct expression in circumstances such as these.
I needed a payment, so I had to go fast.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital, and I was walking down the compartment-20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, although they were saying a few steps.
That's how it starts.
Rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a little more.
The next moment after the victory, their first thoughts were about Williams, who spent a nervous morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to overcome their own experiences.
Stjenning, captain of the Artillery Regiment with the service in Afghanistan on his shoulders, said, "I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe a little too much, but it means a lot."
It just confirms how much it means to me how much I and Helen worked, and Robin too.
It's been a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we'd be nobody, so thank you so much, he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't ask for a better workout partner or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stjenning never lost a race in five years.
This pair sets a rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even in the last 500 meters, when the teams of New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, Stjenning and Glover had too much stock.
We were very much in phase.
Helen called, ' stay in the process, stay in the process '.
It's very important not to be addicted.
We had a good start, and at the same time, we weren't trying to do something amazing.
We weren't expecting fireworks today, we were just waiting to be able to paddle and come out and win this race, which we did.
The couple will need a year to decide their future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on her own with the television seeker adventure Steve Bjekshollom.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say it was my last race.
That would mean too much pressure.
It took about six months in London to realize that I was an Olympic champion.
It was all so new, and I was so tense.
It took about four minutes.
"I feel so much better," she said.
The government extended the deadline for the destruction of the sanctions products
The government extended until the end of 2017 the deadline for the destruction of foodstuffs prohibited for import into Russia.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev signed the relevant regulation and is published on the official legal information portal.
The embargo against countries that imposed anti-russian sanctions because of the situation in Ukraine was imposed in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban has been repeatedly extendeded and is now in force until 31 December 2017.
Some agricultural products, raw materials and foodstuffs from the United States, the countries of the European Union, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein are prohibited from importing into Russia.
In particular, meat and meat, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruits and dairy products were banned.
The disposition of foodstuffs brought into the country by circumvention of the embargo has been taking place in Russia since August 2015.
In the first quarter of 2016 alone, about 100 tonnes of prohibited products were removed from the sale.
The hunting ban
Rains and thunderstorms are expected in Moscow on Friday.
Through the capital region, an atmospheric front will be held to bring precipitation and lower the air temperature.
The air warms up to 25 degrees of heat.
For example, the night of Saturday in Moscow will be a short rain, and there may be thunderstorms and wind gusts up to 15 m/C.
The day is expected to rain with thunderstorms and wind gusts up to 12-17 m/C.
The rains with thunderstorms are also projected in the Orel, Kursk and Voronezh Oblasts, and they report "days."
The next work week, the precipitation is unlikely.
The WTO arbitrators panel found that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil were contrary to the rules of the organization.
The import rates exceed the obligations assumed by Russia upon accession to the WTO.
"This is the first time that the WTO has taken a decision against the Russian Federation", it is said in a communication on the official website of the organization.
However, the arbitrators stressed in their opinion that the EU did not provide sufficient evidence that the Russian measures were "systematic" or "comprehensive".
Russia, for its part, promised to adapt the import duties to paper and refrigerators in the near future.
This is stated in the communication of the Ministry of Russia.
On 4 July, it was reported that Kiev intended to complain to the World Trade Organization against Russia's actions, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in the statement of the Government of Ukraine.
In May, Financial Times wrote that the United States behaviour in resolving contentious issues in the WTO undermined the Organization's principles of discussion.
This statement was made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other WTO members because of the refusal of the Americans to approve the South Korean judge Jang Sung Hwa for a second term.
In this regard, Russia will not turn to the WTO on the question of Western sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation.
The WTO is an international organization established in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
It is now composed of 162 countries.
Russia acceded to it in 2012.
The president was replaced by a leader
The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, appointed a former deputy, Sergei Anton Vaino, as head of his administration.
Vladimir Putin had restated the President's administration and expressed the hope that the new head of his administration would contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino, in the course of the meeting, stated that he considered the important anti-corruption work which had begun as President Ivanov's head of administration and promised to cooperate with the Government.
The "News" earlier wrote that the experts considered the situation of the resignation of Sergei Ivanov as head of the administration transparent and understandable and repositioned nothing fundamentally to change in the activities of the Kremlin administration.
They note that the leader, who has been in charge of the president's administration for a long time, has effectively built up the work of the T.O.C..
He was replaced by the Deputy Chief of administration Anton Vaino, a man who knows very well the specifics of this work.
In Poland, we are allowed not to buy fuel from Gazprom.
The state-owned Polish oil and gas company, PGNiG, does not exclude that, after a few years, gas deliveries from the RF may become unattractive because of the reorientation of fuel from Norway and other countries.
The vice president of the Polish finance company, Bohuslav Marzec, reported this.
His words pass to Tus.
"Maybe it happens that we're not going to buy gas at all," Gazprom's, we're diversifying our deliveries now.
"Within the next four years, the main supply lines for us will be east, raw materials from CNG terminals and Norway," said Marzec.
Gazprom now dominates the gas supply to Poland.
On Friday, 12 August, PGNiG reported that the Russian supplier had delivered almost 5.3 billion cubics in the first half of 2016. Gaza Strip, which is 30% above the 2015 level.
The share of the Russian gas giant in the procurement of PGNiG increased to 49.8%, compared with 40% the year before.
It will be recalled that on 22 July, the Polish Antimonopoly Authority did not agree on the establishment of a joint venture between Gazprom and its European partners in the construction of the northern Flow-2 gas pipeline.
Earlier in the month, Poland had left the request to Gazprom for an 11 billion-cube supply. M gas on the northern Flow 2.
This was stated by the Deputy Chairman of the holding board, Alexander Medvedev.
The "Northern Flow-2" auction will take place in 2017, and an auction is planned for the autumn of 2016.
At the end of May, it was reported that Gazprom had not yet planned to take any action on the intentions of the Polish side to abandon long-term contracts for the supply of gas from Russia after 2022, and the deputy chairman of the company, Alexander Medvedev, had stated.
He recalled that in the first quarter of the year, Poles had only increased by 42 per cent the purchase of gas from the RF.
The deputy of Gazprom added that the mere fact of making a Polish PGNiG statement to the Stockholm arbitral tribunal did not mean that the negotiations had been terminated.
Previously, the Polish company had applied to the courts to obtain a reduction in the purchase price of Russian gas.
Recall, the Polish government Plenipotentiary for Gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Naimsky, reported that the Polish authorities had decided not to renew the contract with Gazprom for the supply of gas.
The Polish contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the Polish Government Plenipotentiary for Gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Naimsky, stated that his country could refuse to supply blue fuel from the east after six years.
According to him, Warsaw plans to build a new supply terminal for liquefied natural gas Baltic pipe, which will connect the country to the Norwegian shelf.
The "Northern Stream-2" provides for the construction of two lines of a sea gas pipeline of aggregate capacity of 55 bcm. A year from Russia to Germany in the Baltic Sea.
The OSCE Special Monitoring Mission (SMM) has increased the number of observers near the border of Ukraine with the Crimea.
This was reported by the first deputy SMM in Ukraine, Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that the SMM has increased the number of observers in this area", he said, in response to a question from journalists, he is transmitting the "RIA News".
According to OSCE, the situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea is quiet, security incidents are not recorded.
The observers monitored the events at three crossing points across the Russian-Ukrainian border.
The network showed a video flown at the UFA passenger aircraft Yakovlev Yak-42, which rolleded outside the runway at 400 m and fell on the left wing.
The video has published the television channel "360".
The accident occurred at 4.30 in Moscow.
Krasavia flight came from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place, no casualties.
The aircraft itself transported to the parking lot.
Ufa Airport operates in normal mode.
The Volga investigation authority in transport of the RCS investigated the reason for the rigid landing of the airliner.
The United Nations investigates the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The United Nations Special Commission is investigated for the possible use of toxic gas in rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, but the UN special on Syria Steffan de Mistura considers the facts to have been undeniable.
Such statements had been made on the eve of the third round of the Syrian talks, which were due to begin at the end of August in Geneva.
United Nations specialists began an investigation into reports of the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about a toxic gas attack, presumably chlorine, appeared on 2 August.
The opposition then stated that in the area where a Russian military transport helicopter had been shot down the previous day, the aircraft had dropped the bombs with the poison, but in Moscow the charges had been named back.
Later, the Russian Ministry of Defence accused the opposition faction "Harakjat Nur al-Din al-Zinki" of the incident.
It soon became known that there were two toxic gas bombs infested.
This was confirmed by the BBC as one of the victims.
"A few minutes later, I felt the smell of gas, started to burn my eyes, and it became difficult to breathe", quoting the publication of an eyewitness's word.
As a result of the attack, at least seven people were killed and 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of poison gas is confirmed by the experts, the action will be regarded as a war crime.
The United Nations special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told the journalists: "There is much evidence that this has happened."
The prohibition of the use of chlorine for military purposes is enshrined in the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC).
Although all parties to the Syrian conflict have denied the use of toxic gases, in 2015 human rights defenders recorded 35 cases of chlorine use by the Syrian army against the "moderate opposition".
The situation in Aleppo complicates the fact that the bombardment of its areas is carried out on a daily basis and the terrorists obstruct the withdrawal of the inhabitants from the city.
As Reuters transfers, the UN expects Russia to establish a "humanitarian pause" in hostilities.
The current regime of daily three lull in the organization is considered "insufficient to help nearly 2 million civilians trapped".
Mr. Jan Egeland, Staffan de Mistura, adviser on humanitarian issues, stated that a 48-hour ceasefire would be required each week to bring the sick and wounded to the city and evacuate it.
"We have to send bulk cargo from convoy trucks in areas where roads are practically destroyed and those that have been mined," Mr. Egeland said. "But the Russian delegation has confirmed its readiness to sit with us at the negotiating table."
Consultations in Geneva between the representatives of the United States and Russia on the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" are continuing.
As Russia opened the "humanitarian windows" in Aleppo.
In the context of the continuing battle of Aleppo, the second largest Syrian city, Russia announced on 11 August the establishment of a three regime for the cessation of hostilities, which would operate on a daily basis from Thursday.
The establishment of "humanitarian windows" is designed to ensure the delivery of medicines, food and basic necessities to the city.
The Russian MoD's decision is taken against the backdrop of growing international pressure on Moscow to curtail the military operation and to facilitate the resumption of the negotiating process.
Four people were killed in Thai resorts in a series of bombings.
A number of explosions were immediately in south Thailand on Friday morning.
Four people were killed in the attack, and 19 were injured.
The epicentre of the explosions came to the town of Hua Hin.
Among the victims were 10 foreigners, four nationals, and there were no Russians among them.
None of the terrorist groups took responsibility for the incident, but the internal affairs of the country hastened to state that the Islamists were not involved.
Several persons have already been detained on suspicion of bombing.
According to preliminary information from the local police, the scale and characteristics of the explosions indicate that they were directed against the military leaders.
The attacks occurred in popular tourist resorts, including the Patong beach in the Phuket and the town of Hua Hin, Trang and Surat-Thani.
After the military junta took power in the country in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2 cent (2012) to 2.8 per cent (2015), but tourism remained one of the few industries demonstrated development.
In 2016, the country had already visited 14 million people, which was 1.5 million more than in 2015.
The first suspects in the training and organization of the attacks have already been apprehended, told by Colonel Chris Patanacharoen of police.
While it is too early to speak of objectives, he added, the Ministry of Internal Affairs "is confident that they are not linked to the international extremist factions".
It is too early to draw conclusions, Mr. Patanacharoen said. -
But we know for a fact that these incidents are not directly related to any kind of terrorism, but are actually local sabotage, and we are trying to identify those who were behind them.
The explosions occurred on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand Sikrit.
The Thai junta considers the defence of the monarchy to be one of its main priorities, so the incident is likely to be directed against it.
According to police General Sithichaja Shrisopacharoenrata, the bombs were detonated remotely, with a difference of half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees in crowded streets filled dinner in restaurants by tourists.
It is already known that one of the four dead was a Thai girl small street food.
The identities of the remaining victims are unknown, but they are known to be residents of four foreign countries.
According to the Royal Thai Police, there are four German nationals, three Dutch nationals, two Italians and a citizen of Austria.
There were no Russians among the victims of the bombings, the Rostourism press service reported.
Local experts also linked the 7 August referendum, at which 61.4 per cent of the country's population supported the draft new constitution.
It was prepared by a constitutional drafting commission appointed by the military junta.
The voting needed to determine whether they supported a system in which the upper house of Parliament was fully appointed by the military and had a significant role in the election of the prime Minister of the country.
The new system was adopted and will be tried for the first time in the 2017 parliamentary elections.
Remember, on May 22, 2014, a military coup d ' état took place in Thailand under the leadership of the army commander of the country, Prajuta Chan-charming.
This step, he said, have an army of continuing political crisis and lack of progress in the negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military established the National Peace and Order Council, imposed curfews and censorship, dispersed the protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How did Bangkok find itself in a state of emergency
The Government of Thailand, led by Premier Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014, announced a state of emergency in Bangkok and the provinces adjacent to the capital.
The special regime lasted 60 days.
There were two explosions in Bangkok.
In January 2014, in the centre of Bangkok, the Victory Monument, where one of the main protests took place, resulted in two explosions, which affected 28 people, five of which were in critical condition.
The explosions were unknown on motorcycles.
The authorities have strengthened security measures in the capital and have attracted military forces to protect the demonstrators.
In dry log, the development of conditions began.
As the "Kommersant" was known, the Government was asked to harmonize the draft terms of the auction on the Zolotorudnomu field of dry log, while maintaining two key constraints.
It is proposed that the auction should not permit a company where 25 per cent and more are owned by foreigners and those who do not have at least 25 per cent of the state share capital.
Industry participants do not expect the government to rewrite the terms, noting that many players are not at risk of embarking on a complex and expensive project.
The auction may be announced in August and will be held in October.
The Ministry of Environment has submitted to the Government a draft regulation and auction conditions for the largest undesigned gold deposit in Russia, dry Logue (Irkutsk Oblast, reserves and resources-130 million oz), described two sources of "Kommersant" familiar with the situation.
The project is on Wednesday evening and clarifies one of them.
The Ministry of Nature has confirmed "Kommersant" that the project has been submitted to the Government.
The representative of the Subsoil. Vice Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin said "Kommersant" that the project was not yet in the office of the official.
"The auction may be announced as early as August, immediately after the government's withdrawal, and taking into account the time to collect the bids of potential participants (at least 45 days), the tender may take place already in October", they say in the Ministry of Nature.
According to the "Kommersant", the draft retained two key requirements for potential participants, as set out in an option that was sent to the ministries and Foivam in July ("Kommersant").
The first is the presence of at least 25% of the state share.
The second is the denial of access to the auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of XP-57 on Inoinvesticijah in strategic societies.
According to the two articles of the XP, as already written by the "Kommersant" on 2 August, the auction may prevent a company whose beneficiaries (25 per cent of the shares and above) are not tax residents of the RF or have dual nationality.
The Government has the right to impose such restrictions because the dry log is of a federal value (over 50 tons of gold).
The Ministry of Nature confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies" but refused to comment on the details before the government's order.
The requirement of gosuchastii in the capital of the auction participants was irkutsked. They spoke in December 2015 of the "Kommersant" in the Ministry of Nature and confirmed later by the Governor of the region, Sergei Levchenko, noting that it had been sent to the Ministry of the State of his predecessor, Sergei Erotschenko, "having agreed on must with" Saudi Arabia have "."
Who lobbied a restriction on the admission of foreigners, the "'"ne "is being clarified.
"But it is in the spirit of time: not to give control of the largest gold deposit in Russia against the backdrop of Western sanctions", the interlocutor of "Kommersant" who is familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The head of the Ministry of Nature, Sergei Don, stated on 1 August that foreigners "may go to the consortium" if the aspirants attract them "as a financial institution, as technological partners".
"Kommersant" interlocutors consider it unlikely that the government adjust conditions.
The main pretender for dry Logue in the industry is the consortium of the largest gold miner of Russia, Pao "pole", under the control of son Suleiman Kerimov said, and "Rostec".
As the "Kommersant" wrote, in July the partners established the SP "SL Gold", where the "pole" had 51% shares, with the structure "Rostec" of the company-49%.
In the "Rostehe" rejected the commentaries, the "pole" stated "Kommersant", which "certainly has an interest in the asset" and has all the necessary competence and resources to develop it.
"But the final decision on the possibility and format of our participation will be made after the declaration of the terms", added to the "pole".
The auction may involve alrosa, but the decision of the Russian Government was referred to by the sources "Kommersant".
The Russian GV Gold and the Canadian Kinross to develop assets at Chukotka, while Polymetal and Nordgold, according to "Kommersant", are not interested in the asset.
The head of the Union of the Goldminers RF, Sergei Kaszuba, assessed the "Kommersant" investment in dry Logue for $2.5-4 billion in December 2015.
Most potential contenders discourage not only the volume of investment but also the complexity of the project: a serious reconnaissance of the stocks and the techniques of working with complex ores is required, and the Kommersant interlocutors in the industry are explained.
In the retirement market, the biggest deal M&A-"Keith Finance Pension Administrator" started the process of merging the four PnP.
As a result, a PnP with savings of about 373 billion rubles will be created on the basis of "Gazfond pension savings".
The procedure for the merger of the four pension funds-Keith Finance, Promagrofond, heritage and Gazfond retirement savings-was reported by the owner of 100% of the Keith financial funder to the pension administrator yesterday.
"The reorganization shall be done in agreement with the bank, subject to the requirement of non-deterioration of the existing contracts", as stated in the company's communication.
The association is based on "Gazfond pension savings".
As C.E.O. PnP Oleg Bjaloshickij, the pooling of funds allows several tasks to be accomplished: expanding the geography of presence, concentrating resources on development, reducing costs, replicating the best practices of each of the funds and optimizing corporate governance.
He said that the target date for the completion of consolidation was the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the merger, the PNP "Gazfond retirement savings" will become the largest player in the OPS market.
According to data as of 31 March, the amount of pension savings for pooled funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
As is evident from the accounts of the Funds ' website, the beneficiaries of their owner-Keith Finance pension administrator-are now Anatoly Gavrilenko (via 65%). and PnP "Gazfond" (35%).
However, the group itself launched much later competitors.
Thus, the O1 PnP, the "Future", was swallowed up by has early this year.
At present, this joint PNP joins the URALSIB and Russian standard funds.
"Integration into a single structure, in addition to cost reductions, is necessary to solve structural problems", notes C.E.O. PnP "The Future" by Nikolai Sidorov.
Intensive work on the consolidation of funds since April has also been going on in the pension group "Safmar"-pnp "European", "education and Science" and "Regionfond" should be integrated into PnP "Safmar" before the end of the year.
In 2017, the PnP "trust" will join them.
"Pooling of funds will have an effect on increased control of risks, operational processes and costs", noted in the "Safmar" pension group.
A pause in the pool of foundations, which the "Keith Finance pension Administrator" has withstood, can be caused by several reasons, as indicated by the experts.
Until recently, PNPs could not buy more than 40% of the volume of infrastructure bonds in which the group was actively deployed.
As a result of the amendment of the CB Regulation in March of this year, there are no more restrictions on a number of issuers that comply with the regulator's requirements.
"If necessary, the whole issue can be bought out by one major player," the director of the Financial Institutions Rating group, Akram Yuri, indicates.
Several top 15 leaders of the asset PnP another possible cause of the pause is the separation of spheres of influence and, as a result, the staff assignments in the single fund that the owners of the group were to agree upon.
Yesterday, Anatoli Gavrilenko was not available for comment.
The request "Kommersant" in PnP "Gazfond" also did not respond.
While the consolidation of funds is a labour-intensive and inexpensive undertaking, the solution will be justified in the long distance.
As the C.E.O. consulting company, Sergey Okolesnov, retirement partner, "Gazfonda retirement savings" has fewer outflows, accession will stabilize the base of the group's other funds.
The better experience of PnP Keith Finance and Promagrofonda in the retail sales of OPS, as well as the use of a more modern.
The requirements of CB for PNP processes and personnel are constantly increasing, so it is not feasible to duplicate the infrastructure in four funds under a single investpolitike, as the managing director for corporate ratings, "Expert Ra" Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of reducing duplicative functions will unambiguously overlap the possible cost of merging," Mr. Mitrofanov said.
Cost of merging four funds Sergei Okolesnov evaluates 30-50 million rubles.
"The cost of four funds of this size is about 400 million rubles." In a year of consolidation in the medium term, the budget is actually halved, I am sure Mr. Okolesnov.
The Bief Disney film "Pete and his dragon" came out in a Russian rental.
The beautiful species of New Zealand, the Umilitel'nogo Dragon, the Dusheshhipatel'noj history and country songs are enough to believe again in old-fashioned magic, considers Elena Kravcun.
A frightened little baby was picked up by a dragon that became a human pup and a gentle babysitter, and a loyal friend.
Pete calls his buddy Elliot, after the fairy tale, plays with him in catch and falls asleep in cuddled.
Six years later, he, grown and in the femur, is no longer distinguishable from another smart forest Emil Mowgli.
In this way, Pete discovers the A woman footman Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while the Gavin (Carl Urban) Brigade, her husband's brother, is aggressively leaving the forest.
Now she's going to have to not only believe in the existence of the dragon, but also help save him.
Pete is taking an accelerated course of "Being human" surrounded by idyllically Americans who wear kovbojki shirts, the moral code in the heart, and smile brighter than any commercial.
No character looks or acts too bad for the audience to truly start hating or fearing.
Even Gavin, who opened a hunt for the untypical dismissing of his forest, is far away from the irreparable villain.
A giant fuzzy dragon also turned out to be not scary, with a good bulldog, an airplane wingspan, and the ability to become invisible.
The Dragon is fun to growling, 's, even bed and, fortunately, doesn't talk, but he's always trying to iron out, and it's advantageously different from all the famous cinematic dragons.
Elliot's visual image and his manner of clinging to such a high degree of emotional engagement, that, in the most tense moments, they begin to weep in three streams, not just small viewers, but adults.
Surprisingly good and young Oaks Figli as Pete, Razryvajushhegosja between a possible family and a true friend.
And Robert Redford is a virtuoso for canonical grandfather who would be happy to have literally every child.
As directed by David Lowery, it was possible to make a brilliant remake of the forgotten Disney film "The Dragon of Pete" in 1977, mediocre from the nose to the tip of the tail, and remembered only by a mix of animation and play cinema, and making it the most pleasant movie of the summer?
It's a miracle that helped.
In his painting, Lowery's original, in fact, took only two things: Pete's Orphan and the Dragon.
There are still musical plates and most of the weird jokes.
In this good fairy tale are the traits borrowed from Bambi, the alien, and many other sweet hearts of children's paintings.
Disney Studio continues to expand successfully the gallery of high-quality remakeings for the twenty-first century.
Of course, "Pete and the Dragon" are not as however as the same "Jungle Book", and there is no artful villain that Kate Blanchett in the role of stepmother in the new "Cinderella."
But this naïve film is no less successful in helping to believe in miracles and good in the best Disney traditions.
By the way, the keys to the Magic Castle of Disney, director Lowery will receive one more time, for the art adaptation story of "Peter Pen".
Worked in the Pete and his Dragon tandem, David Lowery and screenwriter Toby Hjelbruks entered a new ambitious project of not vzroslejushhem the boy with James Barry's fairy tale.
The journalist RBC Alexander Sokolov is to be charged with a new charge.
The lawyers of journalist RBC Alexandre Sokolov, accused of organizing an extremist structure, stated that the Public Prosecutor's Office had found shortcomings in the case of their defendant.
That the public Prosecutor's Office made such a submission, we learned from the investigators literally yesterday.
We were scheduled to attend a court hearing on the question of limiting the presentation of criminal proceedings, but the meeting did not finally take place and the investigators were informed of the submission made by the prosecutor's office ", RBC the words of lawyer Olga Dinze.
She said that the prosecutor's office had told the investigators that there was a discrepancy between the case and the material collected.
Now the investigators will have to fill the gaps in the evidentiary base and bring Alexander Sokolov a new indictment.
Another article of the Criminal Code (CC) will appear, or the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, it clarifies Mrs. Dinze.
As reported by Kommersant, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on 29 July 2015.
In June this year, it was reported that the investigation had removed from the charge of the journalist RBC language on "the destabilizing political situation towards instability" and "the overthrow of power by illegal means".
The correspondent for Kommersant'boscosport, Alexander Nikolay, lived in the Olympic Village, inspected the House of the Russian national team, dined in the local canteen and even passed the WADA test.
Life doesn't seem to be a second.
Even at night.
The last launches sometimes end at midnight, after which athletes need another hour and a half to return to the Olympic Village.
In addition, the village is being resettled and evicted without stopping, as some athletes complete their speeches and leave Brazil and some, on the contrary, only come here.
And in 7:30 morning, the heads of all the Olympic delegations are stretched to one of the temporary awnings.
In these meetings, we usually discuss some operational household issues, the head of the sports delegation of the Russian Olympic team, Igor Kazikov. -Despite the fact that the house in which our houses were placed, it was an exemplary one to be exploited among the first and to show all the reviewers, even in it there were some misdeeds.
There's a problem with the hot water, I'm sorry, with the toilets.
We fought for a long time.
It's just that nobody came to clean up at first.
Then they started to come cleaning agents, but only popshikajut some stuff on the floor, that's all.
They have the floors, you see, some kind of innovation.
Mal, you can't wash them in human.
We know these floors amp ordinary!
Anyway, we got a change of cleaning company and now it's okay.
The Olympic Village is a South Butovo, a dormitory that is fenced on one side of the mountains, with some impressive moats and places filled with water.
And for reliability there is still a-iron fence along the perimeter of the men.
A total of up to 17,000 inhabitants can be accommodated in the village. The man in 3604 Apartments is located in 31 houses.
In one of the 18-floor buildings, there is a huge Russian flag-this House is fully placed in the needs of our team.
Looking in a small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately determine which problems are likely to be the most pressing for the domestic team.
There are two announcements on the counter: print "Please don't leave the paper in the toilet!"
The rack burstinged in the brochures.
Their Bea blossom contrasts with the titles of the booklets: "A reminder of communicable diseases for the Rio de Janeiro", "first aid for drowning, getting a foreign body in the airway, losing consciousness-stages of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation," first aid for burns, thermal shock, fractures and bleeding. "
The text inside is basically encouraging.
For example: "Infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent treatment."
However, not everyone is expecting a favourable outcome.
Of course, there is a medical at the location of Russia, which is ready at any time to provide the inhabitants of the home with qualified assistance, including a relaxing and sports massage.
On the contrary, the medical is the headquarters of my delegation.
Next to the door is the inspiring poster "No matter what, we will win!"
Well, of course, poetry:
All the arguments are absolute nonsense!
They only believe those who fear.
Let us be less, the sweeter the taste of victory, Russia will not fail, it will not break!
And to raise the spirit even more, the announcement is: "Dear brothers and sisters!"
In the blessing of the Holy Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus-Cyril, the spiritual care of the athletes of the Russian Olympic squad is carried out by Archpriest Andrei Vladimirovich Alexeev.
You can order pray and other services by phone ...
In general, there is a centre of meditation and religious rites for all denominations throughout the village.
Well, Russians, in a privileged position, they have their own chapel.
Due to the congestion of the elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth, I decided to go down the stairs that are recommended for use during the fire.
And in the dark, I tripped on her bodies.
Apparently, it was the sleeping staff of a new cleaning company.
I suppose, at any time, I was ready to throw up on the innovative floors. They decided to give themselves a quiet hour directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor, I was waiting for a meeting with a long-time acquaintance, Vitaly Fedorovich Dubko, Coach of our Batutistov, causing them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He and pupil, the champion of Europe Yana Pavlov, graciously agreed to show his rooms.
There is nothing to complain about, sharing the impressions of the distinguished coach of Russia. -We live in two, beds are, of course, almost on the back-to-back, but it's not critical.
The bathroom is one for four, but it's spacious.
The closet, of course, is funny, it's not a tissue, it's a trust, but things can be put.
"No, you estimate, the tea is over!"-the tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsova, who I met in the main dining room.
The main reason is that it is the space of 2.7 thousand. Square. M and ready to take 5,000 at once. Visitors.
It's a mountain. Free of charge per day.
The menu options are: The best of Brazil, the world's kitchen, the Asian dishes and the pizza, the pasta.
The last option, as I looked at, is very popular with our gals.
I didn't find a soup in any of the units of the giant restaurant.
What soups? -It surprises Kuznetsov. -No tea!
It's a good thing I took the Chinese with me, floating.
and a kettle.
But in fact, for you to understand, we have even worse meals on the court.
There's something you can choose, despite the unbearable image.
I personally picked up a cod for a couple and meatballs in tomato sauce.
A plaque with its name in three languages-English, French and Portuguese-is located next to each dish, as well as an indication of the food value of the product and the presence of allergens.
Well, I admit it was edible.
I don't even know why this line is worth all the time to the local McDonald.
Fed, relaxed, you can say "indifferent" athletes are waiting for our best friends-representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to leave the restaurant.
Podmanivajut a smooth quiz for the winner of the T-shirt.
They're provoking, you can say!
To get a gift, you have to answer at least eight questions from ten.
There are questions in Russian. I was attacking a girl from WADA.
But it wasn't the same.
I mean, I'm in a patriotic impulse sharing, of course.
The situation has worsened on the second issue: "If I have received a notification of doping, should I immediately go to the drug control point?"
I stopped at variant "no-I have one hour."
You lost your vigilance.
I forgot that the WADA of the relaxation didn't have to wait.
Well, you have to be right now.
And at the seventh stage of the quiz, my situation became very critical.
Somehow I thought that if it was difficult for me to have a balanced diet because of my busy schedule (and I'm hard to say, by the way), I can use bioadditives to get "extra nutrients to improve my productivity."
No, they don't.
More precisely, the answer is formulated in a way that categorically forbids, but strongly, several sentences.
It's not fair to play this WADA!
How you doing, Russia? -Figure wonders the quiz.
Back to nowhere-behind Efimov, Isinbayeva and all our missing team.
That's why I was concentrating and I won a poor T-shirt from the last force.
Know what they say, ours!
In a victorious mood, I wandered into a fitness center in the neighborhood.
They were addicted to simulators.
Hit 250.
It was astonishing to note that there were no Russian athletes found in this congestion of treadmills.
But maybe it's the right thing to do.
Let the people who play the game are trained.
And at the clinic nearby, one of our fellows was sitting.
In the queue for optometrist.
Don't worry, not the shooter.
At the clinic, however, as in the entire village, there is a machine for the distribution of condoms.
It has an inspiring call: "Celebrating with a condom!"
There is only cartwheel iron, reminiscent of the door lock handle, and a condom made from a natural latex Amazon is ready to fall out of the apparatus.
I took one for a souvenir.
The athletes were not Ubud-they took their 450 thousand.
The Olympic Village has an entire entertainment centre for festive and leisure time.
Next to him, there's a cognitive sign that reminds the International Olympic Committee that it spends $3.25 million athletes in various ways.
The center is flooded with video games, billiard and tennis tables, tabletop football and hockey, and some strange devices similar to a video simulator.
What's that? -Interested in the form of a Ukrainian team who is actively using an unfriendly toy.
You could, of course, just say that you don't want to talk to a man in the form of Russia, and that's all.
This is, by the way, a strange coincidence in the eyes of the guys in Yellow blakitnom.
The most played team, it turns out.
It takes at least three hours to get around the village by looking at every corner of it.
But if it's just walking, not driving on the elk, you're going to have a house of Canadian team with a reconstructive bath with the entrance and tent, both the ticket office and the laundry, and the dry cleaning and hairdressing, and the flower shop, and the shop with the daily consumption items, and the mail with the unique stamps (only you still can't wait for the cue from Chinese philatelic), and the bank and the founding Bureau and the kiosk.
And late in the evening you, collapsed, sit near the olive tree, Uveshannogo the colorful tapes in memory of the friends and relatives of the athletes who left the world.
And you will be under the accompaniment of the car, indiscriminately sprayinging fluid for killing insects, thinking about eternity.
That is, the Olympic movement.
Which does not stop for a minute in this village.
While the rest of the Russian world breath breath watched Australians almost punished American dream team, real fans went online.
Few know: The news that Ina Dnepropetrovsk won the gold in foil at the XXXI Olympic Games, I got first.
Maybe I'm even the only a who saw it happen-not to mention those, of course, who was watching the Carioca the other night.
Only a real fan can understand that.
So imagine: the Deaf Moscow Night.
The neighbors from the bottom-as always at the hour of the night-wake up and start being callous, but yelling at each other very loudly.
and threatening to move furniture.
There's no time to go to market and buy a plumber, a new one.
Nothing is clear on the television schedule, so I just kept the "match", "first", and, in case, "Russia", to be controlled, even though it's almost meaningless.
"Russia" is a home of repetition, all sports there's a record.
There are live TV shows.
Hope is, of course, a "match"-a whole evening, a young man shouted in the news first about the great semi-finals of Dnepropetrovsk-not, then about the future battle for gold.
It would be logical to show.
Instead, basketball is the United States-Australia.
I can't say anything bad about that decision, by the way.
Australians were equal, and the first half won.
Put the unknown in the place of the American glory.
As a result, we lost, but as we now express, the basketball Olympic tournament will no longer be the same.
It's all good, but the fight with Di Franchiskoj is on the screen without change.
In a mild panic, I start to flip the channels.
It feels like a second time in a row.
All right, go deep into the cable.
There is no fencing in any of the theme "matches".
I feel like the fight is about to start.
The text and tweets of some sports sites don't suit me.
Convulsive surfing gives you an unexpected but brilliant result.
The "first" site provides a direct technical broadcast of all the competitions that take place at that point in time.
The clique of fencing, I'm getting a fight for gold.
Dnepropetrovsk is a great counterattack, goes forward on the points, and obviously starts to stall.
Italian plays almost all the tear.
We're one point ahead, just over two seconds.
Di Franchiska throwing himself at Deriglazovu, he retreats, time ends, Italian is injecting a shot.
Victory!
In a few seconds, the Olympic Messenger on the phone reports a fourth gold medal.
So I'm the first person to see it with my own eyes.
Crazy, loyal, involved.
The Spiritual administration of Muslims (Doom) Tatarstan refuses to use the Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday, the plenary doomed his imams to lead Friday sermons only on Tatar to compel the young Tatars to "learn their mother tongue".
The office declares that this "in no way prejudices" the right of Muslims of other nationalities.
Some mosques in Kazan complain that the Tatar language did not understand up to 60 per cent of the members, including foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
The imams fear that their sermons on Tatar "will not reach all audiences".
Yesterday, the plenum of Tatarstan unanimously decided to hold Friday sermons in the mosques of the Republic only in the Tatar language.
As the Mufti Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin said, this should be an incentive for young Tatars to "learn their mother tongue".
"For those who say," hard, "in every great mosque, we intend to teach the Tatar language in an entirely free", promised Mr. Samigullin.
He added that "the decision had already entered into force" and that today in all the mosques of sermons "should be in Tatar language".
He recalled that Doom Tatarstan published a "Shura" magazine with model sermons in the Tatar language.
The imam, who does not speak tartar well enough, "can be trained on them."
Doom Tatarstan unites more than a thousand parishes in all the municipalities of the Republic.
According to the Mufti, in the areas of Friday sermons are conducted exclusively in the Tatar language.
At the same time, in Kazan, a number of mosques had previously used mainly Russian.
In particular, as the mufti indicated, it was practised in the Burnaevskoj Mosque, the boar and the Jeniler.
However, Mr. Mukhametshin underlined, the management is making it a task for all students to have proficiency in both the national languages of the Republic, regardless of nationality.
"There can be no harm to the non-Tatar Muslims," Mr. Mukhametshin pointed out that the sermon itself "is not compulsory, the main part of prayer".
In so doing, the Muslim will continue to be read in Arabic, and the mosques would retain lectures and lessons in Russian.
At the same time, Rafiq Mukhametshin said "Kommersant" that there was no serious threat of depressing the Tatar language from mosques.
In addition to Russian and Tatar, other languages, such as Uzbek or Tajik, are, according to his information, not used in sermons in the Republic.
The decision of Doom was actively supported by the Executive Committee of the World Congress of Tatars (WCL).
The chief executive of WCL, Rinat, said "Kommersant": "Mosques are an important part of our national life".
It would be a pity if the Tatar language were left out of the sphere.
He noted that preaching only in the Tatar language "the wishes of the imams themselves", but that in ExCom, WCL "considers it correct".
The imams interviewed by the Kommersant, who preached in Russian, are ready to execute the Doom decision, but believe that members of the congregation will have difficulty understanding the clergy.
Both Tatars and Russians go to the mosque.
A lot of people don't understand the language.
They will, of course, tight.
"will have to be rebuilt," says Imam of Burnaevskoj mosque Farhat Mavletdinov.
He said that sermons in the Russian language were closer even to many Tatars, since "Russian and in schools and in the kindergartens, on the radio, in the first place".
He believed, however, that the mosque would be able to continue the lessons and lectures in Russian which were held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
"Allah will show a way out of this situation," he concluded.
But about 60% of us don't know the Tatar language.
This is the Uzbeks, the Tajiks and the Azerbaijanis.
There's a lot of foreign students coming to us: Africans, Arabs.
"So we've been in Russian for four years," says Imam.
He believes that in the Tatar language, the sermons will "reach the narrower circle and not reach the entire audience".
But we will abide by the decision of the plenary.
Just the outcome of the sermon will be different.
But time will show.
"For example, it will be easier for me, because the Tatar language is my native," and concluded Gabdolla Galiullin.
Former director federal brought to justice
The Public Prosecutor's Office of Moscow confirmed the indictment on the Gus criminal case for the theft of the budget funds allocated for the federal of Russia.
The ex-head of the prison department, Aleksandr Raymer, and his deputy, responsible for federal damage amounting to more than 2.7 billion rubles, will be brought before the court.
The capital procurator sent a criminal case to Zamoskvoretsky court against former director Federal of Russia, Alexander W., his former deputy Nikolai Krivolapova, and the director of Fsue, "Information Technology and communications centre of the Federal Prison Service" (Fsue Citos), Victor Opredelenova.
Depending on the role and extent of participation in the offences, they are accused of Gus of the RCS in Moscow under Part 3 of art. 285 the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (abuse of authority resulting in serious consequences), art. 4, para. 159 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (fraud committed with the use of its official position, in an organized group, in a particularly large amount).
In addition, Krivolapov is charged with an article 1 of art. 222 The Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (illegal acquisition and storage of ammunition).
According to the version of the RCS, in 2010-2012 years, these persons fraudulently stole from the State treasury the budget funds allocated to federal to provide the agency with electronic monitoring systems for controlled persons, called electronic bracelets.
To steal budget money, team members developed a scheme according to which the company under its control, Fsue Citos, with whom the relevant government contracts were concluded, carried out technical controls and supervision, including "electronic bracelets", and had at prices overstated several times.
Despite the fact that Fsue Citos had no production equipment, buildings, facilities to accommodate the production capacity to create a complete cycle of "electronic bracelets", five government contractss were concluded between him and federal Russia, totalling more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme, the Samara branch of Fsue accounted for more than 2 billion rubles, of which 1.2 billion rubles. was stolen.
As a result, more than 140 million rubles. The cash of money has been received personally by Mr. Raymer in his office from one of the accomplices, whose criminal case has been separated into a separate proceeding.
Nikolai Krivolapova, who was involved in the machinations, found an unknown source of ammunition for the reward pistol, which allowed him to be charged with additional charges.
In this case, which amounted to 133 volumes, a claim for compensation for material damages of 2.7 billion rubles was federal to the accused.
The Hakam Shukur football player is suspected of involvement in Putchu.
The Turkish authorities issued a warrant for the arrest of a former football player and then a member of the Shukur Parliament and carried out searches in his family's two homes.
The Turkish football star of the 1990s-early 2000-Shukur is wanted by the authorities of the country in connection with the attempted coup d ' état of last month.
The graduated sports career in 2008 is accused of belonging to an "armed terrorist group".
This is the "Hizmet" movement, a society associated with a renowned Turkish religious leader and a dissident Fethullahom Gülen.
It is his President Erdoğan who considers the attempted military coup on 15 July to be the organizer.
Fethullah Gulen resides in the United States and the Turkish authorities demand his extradition.
The local media reportedly issued a warrant for the arrest of the Hakam Shukur, the police had already carried out searches in two houses owned by the family of the former football player.
According to the version of the investigation, the Fethullah Gulen, in addition to the most Hakam Shukur, was his father.
However, neither the former football player nor his loved ones were there.
He and his family now reside in the United States.
During his tenure, Shukur defended the colours of several Turkish clubs and promoted the national team.
He spent most of his career in Galatasaray.
The list of foreign clubs is in the Italian "Torino", "Inter" and "Palermo", as well as English "Blackburn".
True, in none of them did he spend more than one season.
The Shukur is still the most successful attacker in Turkey: In its asset 112 matches for the national team and the 51 ball.
In 2013, Hakam Shukur left his deputy post because of the ongoing corruption investigation around Erdoğan's party and his immediate surroundings.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, at least 42 journalists were issued arrest warrants in Turkey on 25 July.
They are accused of facilitating military coups and links with the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullahom Gülen residing in the United States.
Given the gravity of the charges, media officers can wait for long prison terms ranging from 10 years to several life sentences.
Yegor Bar wants to set up a network of cinemas for domestic films only.
"I would set up a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, the tickets for which were worth 2-3 times less than the foreign films", he said.
Mr. Bar notes that it is difficult for Russian films to compete for spectators with large Hollywood tapes.
We have more than 100 paintings per year in the country, and the average number of 20-25ed tapes to screens.
"And even they find it very difficult to compete with the" Transformers "and the" Iron Man "that have been promoted by huge budgets," said the filmmaker. "
Recall, on 1 July, the Russian Youth Education Forum "Tavrida" began work in Crimea.
Participants include teachers of creative trades and young professionals of various artistic and humanitarian backgrounds from all over Russia and from a number of countries near and far abroad.
Britank won Olympic gold in rowing in twos.
Britank Helen Glover and Heather Stjenning won Olympic gold in rowing in twos.
The silver took Novozelandki Rebecca Scone and Genevieve Black, and the third place was occupied by Anne Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen of Denmark.
Kommersant News-The new contractor promises to surrender Zenith Arena by 26 December.
A new contractor-Construction Stadium in St. Petersburg to receive the FIFA Confederations Cup matches and the FIFA World Cup-2018 Football Championship Metrostroy promises to pass the arena by 26 December, reporting "RIA News" with reference to the head of the Interim Commission of the Federation Council for the World Cup preparation for soccer, 2018 Vadim Tyulpanov.
"Today we, together with Russia's minister of sport, Vitaly Mutko visited the site, and we were C.E.O." Metrostroy "Vadim Alexandrov."
He said he'd pass the stadium by December 26th.
It's a serious Petersburg company, and it never breaks the deadline.
"Vitaly Mutko and I were happy with what we saw and heard", quoting the agency.
Vitaly Mutko had previously arrived in Saint Petersburg to look into the venue of future large-scale competitions.
Mr. Tulip also noted that the Federation Council Commission, led by him, would continue to monitor the construction of the stadium and would regularly visit the site.
Remember, yesterday it became known that Metrostroy would complete the construction of the Zenith Arena, the contract price would be approximately 5.4 billion rubles. The same company won bids for the improvement of the area around the stadium, the contract value of 2.4 billion rubles. Contracts were terminated with the JSC "Transformation Corporation", OOO Engineering Corporation "transforming-UPB" and the JSC "Engineering Corporation".
Two other companies were not allowed to build the stadium.
For more information about selecting a new contractor, read "Kommersant" in the material "Metrostroy".
In Miass (Chelyabinsk Oblast), the lawyer of former lieutenant-Governor Nikolai viewing Constantine Akulich.
According to Kommersant-South Urals, another lawyer for the accused, Sergei Kolossovski, Constantine Akulicha, today summoned the to the investigation department to charge the case of a one-year old for beating.
Then Konstantin Akulich went to the scene of the accident as a lawyer to help one of his contestants.
"It was initially initiated against undetermined persons." Now, as he began to defend Nikolai viewing, it turned out to be akulich, "says Sergei Kolossovski."
Konstantin Akulich became a lawyer for an ex-deputy governor in early August.
However, half an hour prior to the summons of the Miass, the Defence party was informed that Monday was about to become acquainted with the fraud case, accusing Nikolai viewing.
Remember, two criminal cases were brought against Nikolai viewing.
In the first (fraud case), he is a promise of 1.5 million rubles. To facilitate the appointment of Mayor Magnitogorsk of the Chief of Administration, Ozersk Eugenia Tarassov.
The second criminal case concerns a bribe that Nikolai Sandakov allegedly received from the director of chop "Python", Igor Kalugin, in the form of unlawful non-pecuniary services of no less than 1.3 million rubles.
Read more about the case of Mr. Viewing read "Kommersant" in the material "the former lieutenant-Governor demands the consolidation of his business".
The Russian Copper Company (HOAM) is prepared to assume social responsibility and more attention to the environmental aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, by the fact that HoAM has embarked on the modernization of one of the oldest and ecologically polluting enterprises of the country, the Karabashskogo copper plant.
The Karabashskij copper plant was founded by the English joint stock company led by Leslie Urquhart in 1910.
In the Soviet period, it was an industrial enterprise that was meaningful to the economy, and it actually provided an entire city.
In the 1990s, however, due to financial problems, production was halted, causing serious social problems in Karabashe.
In 1998, it was decided to resume the work of the Karabashskogo copper combine.
It was also necessary to address one of the main problems of the Karabashskogo factory-environmental.
By the early 2000s, Karabash was already notorious as an ecological disaster zone.
The situation on "karabashmed" began to change in 2004, after the enterprise had moved to the control of a Russian copper company.
The company has begun to modernize production, which has gradually reduced environmental pressure on the environment.
This has recently been noted by the Governor of Chelyabinsk Oblast, Boris Short, who visited the early July "Karabashmed".
The head of the southern Urals described the tremendous changes that have taken place with the enterprise since the "karabashmed" moved to the HoAM group.
The main activity to modernize the "karabashmed" of recent years has been the construction of a new acid workshop to capture up to 99.9% of the metallurgical gases.
According to the President of the Russian copper company, Vsevolod Levy, the investment in this project amounted to about 7 billion rubles.
The next phase of the modernization of Zao karabashmed is the reconstruction of the conversion converter.
The replacement of the three converters, the Dusters, Gazohodnogo the tract is scheduled for the end of 2017.
Project cost-2.5 billion rubles
In addition, a new industrial effluent treatment plant is scheduled to be launched at the end of 2016 at $1 billion per year.
In turn, the tax amounts by to the budget of the city of Karabash will grow.
For the entire duration of the Tominskogo Gok Project, the federal treasury will receive 8.9 billion rubles from the beginning of construction until the release of releases 2.
And once the Gok has been put into operation, tax revenues at all levels may be 80.9 billion rubles.
During the year of production in the Varna region, the budgets of the various levels listed 346.3 million rubles.
And that's in the first year.
"The longer the company works, the larger the amount may be higher," added Valery I.ulanovsky.
In HoAM, it was clarified that in 2015, the tax deductions from Miheevskogo Gok approached 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of enterprises hoam in the life and development of the territories of their presence is not limited to tax payments.
HoAM Enterprises are helping to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, and to build cultural and recreational facilities that improve territory.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian copper company in Karabashe was a major overhaul, and in fact, the almost complete overhaul of kindergarten N9 by 95 inmates.
The building, built in 1960, was in a state of emergency.
Also on the territory of the HoAM Arena, would landscape park with artificial pond, underground and above-ground parking spaces at 600 parking, cafes and sports shops.
The HoAM Arena will allow for the conduct of spectacular professional sporting events at the international level.
But the main objective of this project is to make physical fitness and sports accessible to the people of Chelyabinsk, especially children.
Place in the first row for the fabulous architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the business district, while the architecture historians/Affiliates Society in Southern California conducts an art exhibition with Arnold Schwartzman and Steven Guy, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: History of its art and architecture."
Guy and Schwartzman are going to discuss and share the designs of 1926 Mr. Bertram Goodhue, and the restoration and supplements of 1993 by the Hardy Holzmann Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon works from 2 days to 4 days on 21 August at Salle Moderne in the Art Deco-style South-West law school (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can walk through the central hall, the rooms of certain periods, the Cactus living room and the tea room.
A prior order of tickets is required; Members of SAH/SCC-$15; Non-$25.
The open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy new face
Celebrating the 90th birthday of the Central Library of Los Angeles with-what else? -New book
The staff of the Sandholm refugee centre in Denmark suspected that the young people who lived there were engaged in prostitution.
This on Thursday, August 11, reports the Local.
According to him, some of the youths told the agency that "someone in Copenhagen is organizing prostitution."
As the publication notes, the doubts of the asylum workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan described similar stories in Malmö.
In 2015, the union erupted in a crisis due to the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed more than 20,000 of them on its territory.
On the coast of the Cape Cod (United States), a fisherman caught a rare blue lobster.
A man discovered a crustacean among other trapped in his underwater trap, ABC News.
The American plans to send him to the local ocean.
The lobster weighs about a kilo.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson (Wayne Nickerson) has been involved in catching lobster for the last 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time, a man had a career in blue Omar in 1990.
According to ABC News, crustaceans acquire blue or blue color as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016, it was reported that fishermen had fished off the coast of Japan a copy of the rare type of deep-sea sharks megachasma pelagios (Bol'sherotaja shark).
Five animal weighs about a ton.
The Black Sea fleet has carried out a process of decommissioning of antisabotage in the Black Seas.
This Ria was told by the spokesman of the Department of Defense's Press services, Igor Dygalo.
Exercises were conducted as part of the first phase of the special operations for the Navy.
"The members of the submarine-sabotage units have worked to sabotage the defence of the naval base of the fleet on the coast and contiguous Sea of the Black Sea", clarified Dygalo.
Some 400 troops, more than 10 military equipment, including Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters, protivodiversionnye boat rook and patrol high-speed "raptor" boats participated in the exercise.
In the course of manoeuvres, the forces brandvahtennyhed the vessels using hydroacoustics, found contingent subversive groups and repelled the attack by the sea on the side of the black force.
An amphibious-assault team alighted from the Ka-27 helicopter, which blocked and destroyed the contingent-enemy commandos.
A minesweeper of the Black Sea Fleet was then withdrawn to search for mines.
Dygalo stated that "the teachings of the Black Sea Fleet are carried out in accordance with the design and conduct of the forthcoming command and staff exercise" Caucasus-2016 "and the Navy's training plan".
From 18 to 30 July, Ukraine and the United States conducted joint naval exercises of Sea Breeze 2016 on the Black Sea.
About four thousand people from 16 countries participated in the manoeuvres.
More than 25 ships, boats and vessels from the United States, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine were involved in the maritime component.
The court in Moscow arrested his father for killing her foster daughter: The investigation and the court: Power Structures: Lenta.ru
The Lake City Court of Moscow region authorized the arrest of Roman Chernikova, admitting in the murder of his six-yearold foster daughter.
On Thursday, 11 August, according to the City news agency Moscow, the spokesman for the court, Nina Zhilkina, spoke.
"The court granted the request of the investigating authorities to be elected in respect of Chernikova preventive detention for two months", she said.
Blueberries will be under arrest until 9 October.
On 11 August, the Directorate for the Moscow Oblast reported that the adoptive parents and six-yearold girls had given a confession to her murder.
In particular, the Blueberry novel reported that he had committed the murder of a child on a day of April 2016 from a personal hostile relationship while at home in a state of drunkenness.
Then, to conceal the body of the child, he burned it and scattered the remains with his wife in a large area.
On the evening of 9 August, at the interrogation of the investigator, foster parents reported that a six-year-old child drowned in a bathtub in April 2016.
For a long time, they had managed to hide the girl's disappearance, but in August, after learning that the guardianship authorities were about to come home, they decided to tell everyone that the child was missing.
The parents stated that, on 6 August, their adoptive daughter left the site of the house where they were living as a family and disappeared.
Pope Francis has shared in the Vatican a meal with Syrian refugees.
This was announced on Thursday, 11 August, by the head of the Print service of the Holy See, Greg Burke, transmitting CTV News.
The migrants came at the invitation of pontiff from the Greek island of.
The dinner was held at the Vatican House of St. Martha, where the personal apartments of Francis were located.
It is noted that two groups of Syrian refugees were present at the luncheon and visited Greece on 16 April pontiff.
On his way back to the Vatican, he took 12 migrants, including six children, on board the plane.
A second group of Syrians arrived in June.
The Holy See has taken care of them.
"Papa brought toys and gifts to the children, they responded with their pictures and children, and the adults were able to talk to pontiff about the first days of their lives in Italy today," Burke said.
During his April visit, the pope described the migration crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015 as "the greatest catastrophe since the Second World War".
Greece is one of the countries through which the most migrants are in Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, in the year 2015, a total of 800 thousand people moved from Turkey to Greece-owned islands in the Aegean.
became the main transit point for the refugees on the way to the EU.
A cork of more than 40 kilometres was formed in Japan on the first day of short summer vacations.
This on Thursday, 11 August, reports to the information centre of the country's road traffic, transmitting RIA news.
In the prefecture of Tochigi, for example, the traffic congestion stretched to 43 kilometres, in Kanagawa Prefecture by 33 kilometres.
The agency notes that the trains are overcrowded and that airfares in the interior are fully purchased.
Since August 11, 2016, Japan has been celebrating the day of mountains and is officially considered to be a holiday.
Many Japanese are then sent to their home towns for a few days.
A short holiday for the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday of next week, and a new peak of congestion is expected.
In Japan, it is considered a bad tone to take a full vacation.
According to the law, a subject is supposed to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique of the network of luxury men's garment stores and accessories frame Moscow opened after Renovaci with a fully updated design and assortment, and reported to the "tape." Network representative.
The space was used only for the natural materials-the NUT, brass, granite and shaded glass-in the tone of the tree, said the frame representative.
Multimedia storefronts balance the edge between tradition and advanced technology.
The Mul'tibrendah frame Moscow presents the shirts of Marol, bags and portfolios of Serapian, designer jeans Jacob Cohen, cuff and bracelets tateossian, jacket moorer and footwear Barrett.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of the company for the individual sewing of men's suits Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns the owing boutiques of Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
The French fancy House of Louis Vuitton will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg on September 17, 2016.
He will replace the first store of the house opened in this city in 2007.
The new boutique is to be located on Nevsky Prospectus, and he's a representative of the company.
We are happy to report the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, said President Louis Vuitton for the countries of Northern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases with hot Tisnen techniques: The opening is a cliché with the view of St. Petersburg, which supplements the client's initials.
In the late 19th century, he created baggage for the Russian aristocracy, the great Prince Alexander Romanova, Princess Botch and the imperial family.
They currently produce clothing, footwear, accessories, decorations and watches, and have resumed perfume production.
The company is part of the international holding LVMH.
The pensioner turned again into a "budgeted Beach Tower".
The network's users laughed at the pictures where an older man set again on the beach and turned it into a diving springboard.
The photograph was published on several entertainment portals, as well as in the group "my Taganrog" in the Social network "VKontakte", which made it widely felt that the photograph was taken on the shore of the Azov Sea.
In the commentaries, "innovation" christened the "Budget Tower" and "mobile Springboard".
Many praised the man for his ingenuity and "Smekalochku", and some pointed out that a man was seriously at risk of being hit by the diving from his tower because he had placed it at a low depth.
However, one of the Kommenatorov on the Pikabu portal noted that it was not possible to judge the depth of the sea in the image.
"First of all, we don't know how deep it is, the beach can be a filler with a sharp down meter right across the stairs, and second, even if there's a meter of depth, you can jump from a pair of meters with the proper skill," wrote a user under Nick C0jibamdjz
However, the Italian edition Roma today writes that a man with ladder was seen on the beach under Rome.
The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, expressed the hope that Anton Vaino as the new head of the administration of the Head of State would contribute to her constructive work.
According to RIA News, the Russian leader made a statement at a meeting with Vaino and his predecessor, Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that Ivanov had recommended the candidacy of Vaino for the post of head of the president's administration.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On 12 August, Putin removed Ivanov from the position of Head of State administration.
He took Vaino instead.
The French city of Cannes banned visits to local beaches in Burqini-special bathing suits for women, which completely closed the body from head to ankles.
This is reported by ABC News on Friday, 12 August.
Mayor Kahn David Lisnard explained that such clothing "does not comply with the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not conform to the standards of hygiene and safety".
Also, he said, clothing that underscored religious affiliation could cause disturbances to public order.
A fine of € 38 (about 42 dollars) was imposed for wearing the burqini.
It is noted that the ban was imposed against the backdrop of the terrorist attacks of 15 July in Nice and 26 July in the Church of St. Etienne du Rouvray in the north of the country.
Since its introduction, a number of Muslim women had applied to the courts, claiming that the restrictions violated the right to freedom of religion.
Annunciation City Court (Amur Oblast) sentenced former head of the city of Alexander Migulju to nine years of general regime colony.
This is reported on the court's website on Friday, 12 August.
Migulju found guilty of offences under articles 286 ("Abuse of authority"), 285.1 ("unearmarked budget") and 285 ("misuse of official duties") of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation found that the official in December 2008 had given his acquaintance a plot of land in the village of Muhinka, in violation of the procedure established by the Land Law.
In 2006, he unlawfully ordered the acquisition of a city-owned road bridge across the Chigirs River, at an inflated price without competitive procedures and a municipal contract, clarified the "bulletin".
In addition, during the period from 2007 to 2010, Migulya, for the benefit of a commercial organization under its control, changed the timing of payments under the contract for the purchase and sale of the land lease contract, which was granted for the construction of the dwelling, and also exempted the company from the rent.
As a result, the budget of the region had received more than 5 million roubles, and the municipal execution had been about 21 million roubles.
On 4 August, it was reported that the former mayor, who had been detained on suspicion of corruption and claimed to the deputy mandate, had failed to provide, on time in the label, the subscription sheets for the Duma elections and had been removed from the pre-election race.
Migulya was detained in May 2015 on the territory of the Petersburg region and placed in remand centres.
He had been on an international manhunt since 2011.
Alexander Migulya held the position of Mayor of Blagoveshchensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs refuted the release of captive by the Taliban of Russian helicopter pilot.
Information on the negotiations Friday, August 12, in an interview with "Interfax" shared the RUSSIAN President's Special Representative for Afghanistan, the second Director of the Asian Department of the RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY Zamir Kabulov.
This information could not be confirmed.
"The crew is still being held captive, talks are under way," said Kabul.
On 11 August, the source in the diplomatic community informed the agency that the prisoners had been released.
He said that the former hostages had been transferred to Pakistan.
On 4 August, it was reported that a Pakistani Mi-17 helicopter off from Peshawar had landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan because of technical problems.
The builders of the Crimean bridge have a "I up beam" hymn.
A clip of "I Up Beam" appeared on the YouTube channel of the Crimean Bridge project.
This is the builder song of this construction-the hero tells us that the bridge will help "not lose touch with a huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about "hitting beam".
Music is videoed from the building of the Crimean bridge.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Khomenko, a designer from the Institute of Institut Giprostroimost Sankt-Peterburg-Saint Petersburg, which developed a project for the structure.
He's not a professional musician.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Thailand accused the bombing of local saboteurs resorts.
The explosions at Thai resorts are "acts of local sabotage" and are unrelated to the activities of international terrorists.
This is reported by Reuters to the Thai police.
According to the guards, they had not yet been able to determine whether the explosions were related to each other.
By major version, their organizers were attempting to disrupt the tourist season.
The explosions are ceparatisty Muslims from the south of the country.
The law enforcement agencies have already detained several people.
So far, four dead and several dozen wounded are known.
The Premier of the country, Prayut Chan-charming, ordered additional security measures to prevent further explosions and to eliminate possible casualties.
A series of explosions occurred on the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, 12 August.
The devices worked at the police stations on Phuket Island, in the towns of Surat Thani (the capital of the province of the territory where Samui Island is located) and Hin.
Another bomb planted on the beach was detonated by sappers.
The day before, on 11 August, two explosions took place in the resort town of Hin.
The bombs were plant pots and were put into action by a cell phone call.
There are 10 foreign tourists among the victims, and there are no Russians among them.
The British jewellery House Graff introduced a new model of hours the peacock watch, done in the form of a peacock pen, notifies Vogue.
The clock body is decorated with bulk diamonds.
To this end, the jewelers used not only classical circular stones, but also baguettes, as well as trapezoidal diamonds of ladder-cutting and cutting emerald.
The clock with the quartz mechanism and the blue arrowheads of characteristic Graff are created in a single copy and are presented at the Mercury boutique at the Moscow Four Seasons Hotel.
The price of them does not call for publication.
Graff is a jewellery-hour house founded in 1960 in London by Lawrence Graff.
Makes jewelry with gemstones, mostly with diamonds (including colours) and watches (since 2008).
-Winner of the British Royal Prize in International Trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years, Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, such as Pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
Joan Rowling's new book Harry Potter and the Damned Child became the best-selling in the UK, reporting the Daily Mail.
The novel surpassed the popularity of William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet.
According to the publication, 847.9 thousand copies were sold in the first week following the eighth half of the wizard's saga.
The book "Harry Potter and the Damned Child" brought 8.76 million pounds sterling.
However, the tragedy of Shakespeare came second, with nearly 127.7 thousand books sold by Penguin Classics since 1998.
The eighth part of the Harry Potter saga and The Damned Child was released on 31 July.
The play is unfolding 19 years after the events described in the book Harry Potter and the Gifts of death.
On the same day in London, a play was premiere on the stage of the Palace Theater.
In Russia, the English version of the novel came from the "Moscow House of the book", the sole official seller of the novel on 5 August.
All the copies were sold in 24 hours.
In Russian, the new part of the saga will be out before the end of 2016.
Owners of Messenger and postal services should identify users and remove prohibited information-This is the brief content of the bill developed by the Media Communication Union (ISS), which brings together the major Russian communication operators (there are "statements").
The staff of the three Union companies confirmed that the project was under discussion.
At the beginning of autumn it is to be presented to a working group under the direction of First Vice premier Igor Shuvalov, the interlocutor of the "statements" in ISS.
These are the amendments to the communications and media laws.
They provide that any "organizer of Internet dissemination providing an opportunity to exchange electronic messages" is obliged to identify users on the basis of the information contained in the databases of the communication operators, prior to concluding contracts with them.
and "to immediately block communications or publications containing information which is in violation of the requirements of Russian law".
Otherwise, the operators have the right to restrict access to the service by the Roscomnadzor solution.
Astronomers found a mysterious space object behind Neptune.
Astronomers discovered a mysterious space object behind Neptune.
The celestial body is very dim, with a diameter of about 200 kilometers, and writes the edition of New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving on a completely uncharacteristic orbit in the solar system.
It is almost perpendicular to other planets.
The mysterious discovery was named Niku, which in Chinese translation means "rebellious", "conquered".
WSJ: The US is considering the imposition of sanctions against the RF because of the hacking of the servers of Democrats.
U.S. officials are considering imposing new sanctions against Russia in response to hacking into the Democratic Party's servers, writing the Wall Street Journal with reference to the sources.
It is reported that in order to impose sanctions, President Barack Obama's administration will have to formally blame the attack on the servers of Russia or the hackers supported by the Russian authorities.
According to the sources, the FBI and other United States intelligence agencies are almost certain of Russia's involvement in the cyberattack.
WSJ notes that it is usually the United States that chooses not to identify those who conduct hacking attacks.
The exception to this is the 2014 database break-in of Sony Entertainment Pictures, for which the DPRK was officially responsible.
However, last year Obama issued a decree that simplifies the imposition of sanctions on those who carry out or promote cyber.
It was originally directed against China but could also be used against other countries.
The process of deciding on sanctions may be lengthy, writing a publication.
Even if officials came to the conclusion that the hackers acted with the support of Russia, they would have to weigh the possible consequences before deciding to disclose.
They have to determine whether the incident is so serious as to exacerbate tension in bilateral relations.
Previously, it was reported that Barack Obama's administration allowed the application of sanctions against a state whose hackers hacked into the servers of the 20th Democratic Party.
The WikiLeaks website has published an electronic correspondence of the National Committee of Democrats.
The media reported that hackers working with the Russian authorities could be involved in a break-in.
In the Kremlin, such reports are called absurd.
Fás fined Google for almost half a billion rubles.
This has been caused by a disruption in the mobile application marketplace.
The antimonopoly proceedings were initiated by the "Olympic" initiative.
The Russian company claimed that Google gave smartphone manufacturers access to Android components on terms that prevented applications from being preinstalled by other developers, such as the "Enterprise".
FAs found evidence of these claims and found that the company was abusing the market dominance and imposeing the mobile device manufacturers with a Google Play store of other applications.
On the basis of the audit, the Federal Antimonopoly Service decided to punish Google, informed the deputy head of FAs Alexei Dotsenko.
The penalty must be paid within 60 days of the entry into force of the order.
FAs concluded that the Competition Protection Act should be enforced by all companies, including transnational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to first examine the decision and then determine what further action to perform or to challenge.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service recognized the company as a violator of the competition law as early as September of last year and ordered the adjustment of the Treaties until 18 December.
However, Google did not agree.
Since then, the company and the department have been conducting the proceedings.
In FAs, it was noted that, despite the fine, the possibility of concluding a settlement agreement with Google was being discussed.
This measure will not lead to anything.
This echo of Moscow expressed the leading analyst Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the penalty would not affect either the users or the competitiveness of the corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment and then robbed her of 84 thousand rubles.
Stolen household equipment A 30-year-old burglar sold it.
As the correspondent of the MK in Volgograd was told in the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation, the day before the Volga police station, a statement of robbery was filed by a resident of a satellite city.
The man informed the gatekeepers of the law that the Unsub had rented his apartment.
When the master "to check his home, he found it completely empty: no washing machine, no TV, no fridge, no squatter.
The total amount of damage was 84 thousand rubles.
Soon the Guardians of the order came to the thief's mark.
They turned out to be a 30-year-old unemployed volzhanin.
The man was detained, he testified that the stolen property had already been sold.
He will now have to answer for the theft of the law in its entirety-a criminal case has been brought against the detainee.
This year the Crimeans will receive a notification for payment of transport tax.
The inhabitants of the peninsula will now pay a tax on land, property and transportation.
This was announced at a press conference by the head of the office of the Federal Tax Service under the RK Roman Nazdrachev.
Until the end of 2016, the Crimean car owners will be notified of the transport tax.
So far, tax has counted about 250 thousand. A person who owns a motor vehicle.
Taxpayer data will provide traffic, rosreestr.
"If, as of the first January, we are given information on the owners of real estate and landowners, the next year the citizens of Crimea will be tax payers", said Roman Nazdrachev.
Benefits for the payment of property taxes will be granted to favourable categories of citizens, particularly in the category of retirees.
Also, there is a system of deductions for the land tax depending on the tax exemption category, but according to the head of UFNS, it is too early to be said until 2017.
A resident of Balahny stepped in for a woman crushing her head with a brick to her aggressor.
According to the version of the investigation, on the night of 16 June 2016, in a garage array on the street, the Balakhna accused saw the cohabitants that he had before visited.
The man repeatedly insulted his civilian wife and then took the woman to his shoulder and took her home.
The intruder joined a woman and stabbed the victim several times with a brick on the head.
A 29-year-old man died on the spot.
The accused pleaded in part.
So far (12 August 2016), this is all the information.
A terrible accident occurred the night before in the tracts Dogwood-Tash Crimean peninsula.
According to the "Mk in Volgograd" in the press service of the Russian gu in the Volgograd Oblast, a bus with people in the Salon 17.05 on the R-29 perch-Theodosius route.
Suddenly, the car turned into a ditch and fell off a cliff.
Five people were victims of the accident, and another 20 were injured.
Those affected by the disaster in the ambulances were given medical facilities where doctors provided them with the necessary assistance.
Four inhabitants of the Volgograd region were seriously injured in that unfortunate voyage.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivohizhiny of the cat along with a 9-year-old grandson, and a 5-year-old Anastasia Bochkareva, who was taken to the county Hospital of Simferopol, the girl is in serious condition.
When we call for emergency medical care, we hope that the team will arrive quickly and the medics provide all the necessary qualified assistance.
When do I call an ambulance, how fast does she have to come to the patient?
In the event of emergency medical emergencies, the nearest free ambulance or specialized brigade will be sent to the call.
The time for emergency care is up to 20 minutes.
The time for emergency care is up to two hours.
The time of arrival of ambulances is not regulated by the fact of death.
OSCE observers have not recorded military activity on the frontier of Crimea.
The observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) have not recorded military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is reflected in the statement issued on the organization's web site.
The observers report that the situation on the border of the Crimea is calm, incidents that may be related to the security of Ukraine and Russia are not recorded.
"None of the observers has been able to confirm the media reports on security issues, including the shooting and hostilities in the immediate vicinity of the administrative boundary", as stated in the OSCE report.
The organization's staff continue to monitor the situation at three border crossings in the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchaka, Capljina and the Chongar Peninsula in Sivash Bay.
Previously, the gospogransluzhbe of Ukraine reported that Russian troops were about to be rotated on the border of Crimea.
At the same time, it is claimed by the agency that the updated personnel have more sophisticated equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation for the 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 per cent monthly in July, as shown by national statistics.
This is the highest rate in the years since June 2012, and the first is above zero since October last year, when the positive 0.2% was shown.
The average annual inflation rate measured by the CPI in the last 12 months (August 2015-July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014-July 2015) was 0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The rate of inflation since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared with December 2015) was 0.2 per cent, and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was 0.2 per cent.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, the increase was in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and soft drinks (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%); Other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell on clothing and footwear (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and regular maintenance (0.5 per cent); Health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco; Housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; Communication systems; and education.
The anime effect Snapchat criticized as a caricature of Asians
Snapchat states that this filter is inspired by the anime, but some commentators say that it is racially intact.
Using the lens tool, Snapchat enables approximately 150 million users per day to change the reality and play with individual ways that border the absurdity.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog, or a character to become a picture of a swarm of Liechtenstein.
Lenses are crude, Iskrivljajushhie features that create more than 30 million corrected selfies per day.
Any errors become known quickly.
Snapchat lenses were criticized in the past when they were accused of having the app advertised a person's dark skin or encouraged the defacer as a beauty ideal.
So when some of the users this week were offered a lens that conferred them with twisted eyes, teeth and fat cheeks, some critics thought it was a racist cartoon on Asians, "himself."
And they wondered whether these recurring contradictions pointed to a more serious company-wide problem of diversity.
On Wednesday, there were reports and indignation at the verge and motherboard, the day after the Snapchat stated that they had removed the function.
The company commented: The lens was conceived as a compliment to the anime characters rather than as a caricature of Asians.
But the experts who know about racism are not at all aware, the lens recalls offensive stereotypes in action.
Others totally rejected the comparison with the anime.
In an e-mail, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student who tweeted about the photos, said the lens was "offensive and at least awkward."
She added that "it is hard to argue against a comparison of a very rude cartoon on the Asians and the effects of the filter."
This shows that the filter is not just hair, but highly being hair.
Snapchat is not the only company passing through these cultural bridges.
The American culture seems to be involved in the endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, from corporate conference rooms to Hollywood and device, which we all bring with us.
And the vast audience of young people in Snapchat-who are more racially diverse than their older generation-can mean that they are more likely to wait for an understanding.
When one of the Snapchat lenses creates an image that is offensive to the user, then, in an interview on Thursday, 25-year-old Kathy Ju, "it is much harder to go unnoticed as before."
On Thursday, the product manager and the engineer who works in medium decided to remove their account in Snapchat and encouraged others to do the same.
In the medium and telephone interview, she said that she believed racial contradictions were the cause of a lack of diversity in the recruitment of snepchate.
Ju has been criticized mainly by the white management of a company composed only of men and finished its article hashtag: # Deletesnapchat.
As the writing of Ju, which is itself an American of Chinese origin: "Either they did not have a sufficient number of non-white people who could make such decisions, or they do not have white people, but they do not hold such positions as can be safely and openly pronounced."
Other browsers share her point of view, expressing dissatisfaction with the fact that Snapchat not answered most of her questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of national minorities in its state by emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the racial origin of his staff, but according to the trustee, the company had recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and to actively try to involve domestic resources.
For its part, she said that she would keep her account in the Snapchat closed, adding: "I wonder if they really need more users like us, so that they can say it's not going to go."
Military leadership distort intelligence on ISIS, reports to the Congressional Commission
Officials from the United States Central Command have changed the intelligence reports to provide a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which was the cause of the event on the ground, as reported by the Congressional Commission in a report issued on Thursday.
Interim report of the Task force established by the Republican chairmen of the Committee of the House of Representatives on the Armed Forces Intelligence Committee and the Subcommittee on Military Appropriations, has found "widespread discontent" among analysts of the Central Command Intelligence service, which claim that leaders guided their assessment of American actions aimed at defeating the Islamic State.
The central command, known as CENTCOM, is the main military office in the city of Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence documents approved by the High command of Centcom," "Generally, there has been a more optimistic depiction of U.S. anti-terrorism activities than evidenced by real data from the scene and was steadily more optimistic than the analysis provided by the other special services", which was the report's news release.
"What happened in the Centcom is unacceptable: when the top management is presented with a misleading analysis, our military suffers," said a member of the House of Representatives, Ken Calvert, a Republican from California.
Management problems in Centcom reach the top of the organization.
The Desjatistranichnom report is a detailed review of the BUGSS, which were continuously encountered in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at training the Iraqi armed forces provided by the Central Command.
Although it does not contain conclusive evidence that members of the Obama administration have ordered the reports to be falsified, he claims that the analysts felt that the CENTCOM leadership forces them to present a more optimistic view of the threat from an Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimonies of the Central Command in Congress were much more optimistic than the actual events", reportedly reported.
For example, official Centcom publicly stated that a major military attack aimed at the return of Mosul could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation this is known for sure", said in the statement a member of the House of Representatives, Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas.
From mid-2014 until mid-2015, the highest management of the United States Central Command Intelligence service forged Razveddokumenty command to minimize the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans formed an operational group when they learned that analysts had expressed concern that intelligence about the Islamic State had been tampered with.
As the investigation progresses, the report published on Thursday will be followed by more extended data.
An additional, unfinished investigation into the intelligence Centcom is carried out by the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party to the Intelligence Committee of the House of Representatives of the United States Congress published their own data on Thursday, which are consistent with some of the findings of the Republican task Force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, the Centcom has created an excessively closed procedure for the production of ISIS and Iraqi security forces assessments", and States in the statement a member of the House of Representatives, Adam B. Schiff, the main representative of the Democratic Party in the Committee.
This procedure, according to Schiff, "stalleding the issuance of intelligence documents", has damaged the morale of analysts and "does not reflect divergent views".
But Schiff and Democrats claim that they found no evidence that the White House was trying to force the CENTCOM analysts to fit their findings into a "given or political interpretation".
Preliminary results of the congressional investigation were presented on Tuesday, The Daily Beast.
Last August, the New York Times reported the existence of an investigation by a Pentagon chief inspector, opened after complaints by CENTCOM analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a representative of the Pentagon, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation was continuing.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree in the interpretation of complex data, and the special Services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a healthy dialogue on these vital topics of national security".
The consequences of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the targets of the American bombing in Iraq and Syria are being met (as more representatives of the Ministry of Defence now approve).
But last year's statements cast doubt on whether President Obama can rely on the Central Command to provide true estimates of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Critique of intelligence on the Islamic State repeats the controversy that took place more than a decade ago, when Centcom's intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper alleging that the administration of President George Walker Bush had supported a small number of troops in Iraq because of protests by many analysts and had not thought about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest caused by intelligence on the Islamic State.
Last year, according to the officials, Hooker's team came to a conclusion that, despite public statements to the contrary, the air of refineries factories belonging to the Islamic State did not result in a significant deterioration in the financial situation of the terrorist group because it built temporary refineries factories to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not extended outside Central Command, as the newspaper in The Times reported in September.
Then Commander Centcom, General Lloyd J. Austin III was criticized last year following the testimony of the Senate, which many deputies found to be overly optimistic about the war.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by the Central Command of the gene. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins four consecutive times in a female hockey on grass, thus approaching to a decisive battle with Britain
Scoring once in a match that ended up winning Japan with the account of 6-1, Kathy Bam opened the account on Thursday as the first two goals for the United States team on women's ice hockey when the Americans defeated the Indian team with the 3-0.
The five goals in the two games should be a memorable achievement, but Bam, who has been 27 years old, states that she was not sure if she would ever do something like this.
"I'm not going to do it," she said.
I'm not really the kind of person who keeps track of my goals.
That's what she knows: The Americans 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for the first place in their group with Britain, which remains invincible after losing Japan with the account of 2-0 on Thursday.
The British and US teams will meet on Saturday at the last game of the first round.
Both teams claim quarterfinals, and the result of the game will determine who takes the first place in their group of six teams and who is the second.
The winner avoids meetings with a strong team of rivals from Holland, leaders of the other group, a little while the quarterfinals begin.
But the Saturday game shows that the Americans here made a noise in their unexpected series, four years after they took the last position among the 12 teams at the London Games.
BAM was on that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, for the first time, took a hockey stick in the grass when she was three (her older siblings played this sport in Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming her youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she did not qualify for the finals.
Then it came to 2012, when everyone didn't lately her and her teammates.
The following year, Koejg Parnhjem, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and everything began to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, change in physical preparation," said Bam.
In London, we didn't have the performance that we have now.
We have completely changed our views.
On Thursday evening, BAM opened the account in the first half of the game with an uncomfortable hand at a short distance.
India approached the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team showed itself surprisingly rigid and maintained the 1-0 account until the end of the third period, when BAM took the initiative into its own hands.
She made a long walk with a ball down the left side of the field, then walked into the middle and abruptly sent the ball to the gates, thus giving the Americans an advantage in 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added a final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The victory of "clean" was the first in the U.S. goalkeeper's tournament, by Jackie Briggs, who missed one year in each of the first three wins.
She's on the hit.
Like Bam.
"We're in a good position right now," said Parnhjem, but how good it depends on the outcome of the Saturday game.
In the midst of the fury of the Olympic Games, the Zen jumps on the trampoline.
Wherever you are, no matter how long it is, this is the Olympics.
The events in Rio seem unchangeable and unavoidable, and this is a frenzied combination of competition and desire.
Like the Olympic flame itself is the burning torch that is passed from the archer to the swimmer, to the gymnast, to the Triatlonistu.
You can't turn on the TV, read the newspaper, or listen to your neighbors ' conversations at the café and not hear about Simone Biles, Kathy Ledecky, or the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad de Chlo.
And there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, for the first time in the Olympic Games, handsome with dimples on cheeks, it might well be among those celebrities who are shown in prime time by sponsors and vital commercials, if he was a swimmer, a gymnast, or even a swordsman.
But the 28-year-old Dooley from Lake Forest in California fights for gold at the Olympic diving competition.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate all events in the same way.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadows, are those sports that are not universally recognized: shooting from a pneumatic pistol, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
Brass will always be with us for his long reign.
But if I am allowed to speak out timidly in defence of my personal addiction, let me draw your attention to the modest charm of jumping on the trampoline.
Although jumping on the trampoline has been a Olympic sport since 2000, when they made their debut at the Sydney Games in the past 16 years, they received so little recognition that many people interviewed did not know that they were at all in the Olympic sports.
This could be regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to compete, they never won the jump medals on the trampoline, and their athletes were not in the finals until 2012.
Chinese and Russians generally share male awards, and Chinese and Canadians are female.
Dong Dong of China and Rose McLennan of Canada will defend their London gold medals this year.
But jumping on the trampoline is a charmer, in particular because for an uneducated ear it is more likely to be associated with a circuses college than with an Olympic game.
I must confess here that I am not an expert, but a're enthusiast.
They really have a comical potential-a caricatured flickering of endless jumps-but also the elegance of gymnastics and diving, two kinds of sports that they basically combine.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "El Trampolín", meaning "diving springboard".
The pretenders jump on a giant trampoline, fly in the air for nearly 30 feet, and must perform a series of acrobatic tricks (turns, creases and flips) until the final landing on the legs.
They are evaluated for execution, complexity and "flight time" according to the official programme of the Olympic Games.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most popular Olympic course is forward.
The candidates for the medal should go further, faster, higher and higher in the pursuit of gold, sometimes the finish, and sometimes back and forth, in the field.
They seek not only the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in the view of the cameras, the other draznjashhemuing frontier: the world or the Olympic record.
This stubborn desire is noble, admirable, even fanatical — and enough to make shed even spectators.
But it's, in my opinion, a little tiring in watching games.
He's got a break on the trampoline.
The direction of the Batutista is up.
Moving forward is not a goal.
He or she jumps, seems like an astronaut, flies up, then down, then no effort up again.
And, of course, they're not without competition or difficulty, but throughout the program there's no frantic zeal to finish, no jumping in length, only a wondrous, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the closest to the Zen Olympic sport.
The women's qualifying competitions, and then the finals will be held on Friday afternoon, at an hour of Eastern time; Men's Saturday, also an hour.
NBC will broadcast the finals as part of the daily program starting with 14:00 on both days.
In the midst of the Olympic madness, a calm, beautiful moment is expected that can easily be seen in a common landfill.
And if the consciousness can be achieved only by exposing the male athletes to cherished views and objectification — as the Wall Street Journal has recently assumed by male gymnasts from the United States — Dooley is just waiting for his new delighted crowd of fans.
"Generation protests" in Ethiopia, a long-time ally of the United States
Violent protests in Ethiopia
The demonstrators, who require political change in Ethiopia, have been confronted with fierce opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of protesters were fatally wounded in clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia really on the brink of division?
Over the past decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a firm ally of the west with a rapidly developing economy.
But in recent months anti-government protests have shaken the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
In the past week alone, thousands of people have gone to the streets demanding radical political changes.
According to human rights defenders, the government's response was brutal.
Eyewitnesses claimed that dozens of unarmed demonstrators had been shot by police officers.
Videotapes from the protests, allegedly taken at the end of the past or earlier this year, show how security officers beat the young men with sticks when they put their hands against the wall.
The highest United Nations human rights officer now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country from disintegration, and it will be further complicated," said Rashid Abdi, head of the African Horn Project in the International Research Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is the second densely populated country in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
The United States military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa receives such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is developing at an impressive speed.
Its infrastructure has improved considerably — there is even a new commuter train in the capital city of Addis Ababa.
And her streets are generally quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia has hardly been a model of democracy — the human rights organization has consistently referred to government repression, the opposition in the territory of the State of suppress, by the fact that dissidents have actually been silenced.
Many of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or exiled to remote deserts.
But it can change.
"If people are constantly repressed and left with no other option than protest, a rebellion will rise", said Seyoum Teshome, lecturer at the University of Central Ethiopia.
All the youth are protesting.
The generation is protesting.
The complaints are numerous, ranging from land use, to the takeover of power by the government coalition.
After a criticized election last year, the government party and its allies completely displaced the opposition and now control 100 per cent of the parliament.
At the same time, tension along the border with Eritrea is increasing; The struggle for this uncertain, controversial border claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that the separatist groups, which have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the riots and be regrouped.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, several years of boiling in the heart, are erupting now.
First seemingly harmless: smartphones.
In the last few years alone, a large number of Ethiopians have been able to socialize with social networks because cheap smartphones have become commonplace and internet services have improved.
Even when a government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as is often the case, especially during protests, many people still find it possible to communicate through proxy servers that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that's how they were organized to protest.
The second is that there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
The Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
For centuries, Amhara of the predominantly Christian highlands of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting the Oromo, many of them Muslims and living in lowland areas.
But it also changes.
"We will work together under a single start," said Mulatu Gemechu, the Oromo leader.
Major protests took place in the topple the government and Oromo regions.
Many of the topple the government and Oromo feel that the ethnic group of Tigray, which accounts for about 6 per cent of the population, is unjustly dominated in Ethiopia and that controls military and intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third cause of unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, until his death from an unknown disease in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could foresee danger.
Analysts claim that he was particularly adept at recognizeing the first signs of discontent and using scouts to obtain data and neutralize opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense", Abdi said, and analysts of conflict situations.
The new prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalen', came out of nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam'm.
Analysts say that he does not enjoy the trust of the security services controlled by Tigray.
Many fear that this will result in more bloodshed.
For the last time, Ethiopia survived such unrest in 2005, after thousands of people protested what the analysts said appeared to be the elections that the government Zaporolo and then forged results.
In the repression that followed, many Protestants were killed, although in fewer numbers than in the last months, and this period of turmoil was relatively fast.
The development experts expressed their gratitude to the leaders of Ethiopia for the far-sighted development of the infrastructure, such as the new long-distance train and significant progress in the fight against poverty.
But it is clear that this did not stop the Government of Ethiopia from growing internal grievances.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar by witnessing, a town in performers, attacked enterprises belonging to Tigray, and anti-generation hatred in social networks becomes comprehensive.
Analysts claim that the protesters are putting the United States and other Western allies in an uncomfortable position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned flights over neighbours Somalia, although it recently announced that it had closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand it does not want its ally to lose its strength in an already volatile region.
"And on this stretched rope, it's hard to pass," Abdi said.
Donald Trump explains his claim that ISIS was founded by Obama, "sarcasm."
Donald J. Trump tried to bury the last conflict that gripped his pre-election headquarters on Friday, arguing that he was joking when he claimed several times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of a terrorist group, the Islamic State.
The clarification raised new questions about the skills of the presidential candidate from the Republican Party sufficiently to approach the American people.
It also placed its deputies, who tried to protect him during the period of unrest, in an awkward position because they had to explain statements that he probably didn't mean.
After making this assumption at the convention on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on his approval on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that president and Clinton founded ISIS.
But on a Twitter post on Friday morning, Trump wrote that he was just ehidnichal.
This position was the direct opposite of the claim made only a day earlier, when Trump stated in several interviews that he was absolutely serious about his accusation.
When the broadcaster, Hugh Hewitt, tried to help Trump to soften his remarks by reminding him that Obama wanted to destroy ISIS, the candidate for the presidency of the Republican Party did not take advantage of the opportunity.
The last scandal erupted when Trump tried to reorient his campaign to the economy against a lower rating.
Trump and Clinton made competing speeches about the Michigan economy this week.
On Friday, Trump again tried to return to the subject.
Again, on Twitter, he warned that Clinton's plans would lead to an increase in taxes, and stated that she was considered boring.
Trump has used sarcasm as an excuse before.
At the end of July, after he brought the general criticism, almost saying that the Russians should hack into e-mail Clinton, he later explained his remarks by saying, "Of course I'm joking."
This approach allows the Trump to go beyond the permissible political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think that it's his way of testing a message that resonates among his fans, watching them act, and then" explain "them to one side or the other, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, the communications expert who conducted the language analysis of both candidates. "
But I also think that he is cautious in his remarks and knows that they are vague enough to be treated differently.
Instead of softening the rhetoric for the wider electorate, Trump took an even more acrimonious tone in the latter days, while his ranking continues to fall.
The new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, published on Friday, showed that Trump is ranked by Clinton with a large overweight in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and comes with level in Florida.
Although Trump usually tries not to apologize for the provocative things he says, he often accuses his critics of misinterpreting his words and misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But since Trump has been subjected to increased attention in the last months of the presidential campaign, his jokes have placed his loyal allies in an awkward position: they have to publicly support him, however provocative his remarks may be.
Rudolf W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City, who is one of the best-known alternate trumps, made a serious effort to protect the candidate in the interview given to CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political comment," Giuliani said when he was asked about the credibility of Trump's claim, that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
It's the truth in the sense that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, tiny organization, he called it a non-threatening, totally unfair, and that's why it happened because he withdrew from Iraq.
Most average Republicans believe that the Obama administration, in which Clinton held the post of Secretary of state, allowed the igilu to develop because it was not able to deal with the situation in the Middle East.
Prior to a rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continued to tweet the media for Razmusolivanie each and his words and bias towards him.
He's been abusing the "poor miserable" television experts trying to figure it out, and he said, "They're weak!"
Some Democrats ridiculed Trump's excuses as an extra proof that he was not fit for the president.
Once replaced, the coffee shop returns to Greenpoint
The "Willows" coffee shop was shabby, which only took a cash place in Williamsburg, which did not have Wi-Fi but had good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, she was displaced from her room with a window on Bedford Avenue.
The shop "Soles Sheri", which took the place "willows" in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of muffins.
The locals mourned her as the last loss in the replenished city.
The artist Molly Krabappel wrote on Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but I still can't believe that CBGB is dead, Chelsea's hotel is ruined, and" willows "is now a soap shop."
But while New York is constantly changing, it is, in turn, being updated.
The reactivated Cafe "Willows" opened in November last year in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original place.
The new "Verde" has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but there are still some of the same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
And the coffee's still good.
The new "Willow" is led by Sisko Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old coffee shop, who is the owner and general manager of the new place.
He started working at the Verde in 2001 and was there until the end.
When one of the clients offered to sponsor him in a new place, he said he would be happy to go.
Rodriguez, who 36 years old, has left much in the same way.
"Willows" works with the same distributor bagels and bought the same coffee model.
It even has chandeliers from the old "willow".
But Rodriguez said he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu contains bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches, and there are toppings from capers or fried onions.
There are brown rice dishes.
They don't serve beer in the coffee shop anymore, but now they're cooking svezhevyzhaty Sookie.
Nine months later, Rodriguez said he had noticed the constant flow of old clients.
"Many of the former customers were also squeezed out of the Uil'jamsberga," he shared it.
On a recent resurrection, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Oliveira, who 34 years old, used to live in Williamsburg and often visited "willows".
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she stopped there anyway.
After closing "Willow," she said she stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized that it was coffee and the atmosphere impressed me in the Verde," she said.
Now she's drinking coffee again, even though she ordered blended tea instead of her usual ice coffee that day, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another long-time client, has been faithfully visiting "Willows" since 2003.
He came in before work and ordered the same thing all the same.
"Fifteen minutes of the eighth, every day, like clockwork, I came in, and for me, I was cooking my bagel with butter and all the toppings," he said.
Rodriguez told me he wanted to experiment and introduce new dishes on the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still makes a regular order, but someday he's going to change something with bacon, eggs or cheese on bejgle with all the toppings.
Rodriguez said he was not offended that the soap store once had an old place.
Moreover, the owners of Soles Sheria proposed to manufacture special soap for "Willow", using coffee from a cold-cooked coffee shop as an ingredient.
"I think we may agree to their offer," Rodriguez said.
Permanent residents of Greenpoint Polish origin also chosen the coffee shop.
One of these new customers translated the menu into Polish, and Rodriguez said he planned to find a place for him in the window to make his new neighbors feel welcome.
There are other benefits to the new place.
A local point for the sale of juices plans to pour bottles and sell coffee prepared in cold fashion.
A coffee shop is likely to join a nearby building.
For many customers, it's enough that the new "willows" will include their favorite dishes on the menu.
Joseph Witt was a constant client and shared that he was heartbroken when they closed.
When the coffee shop opened in the new place, Witt said that by entering and ordering a cup of coffee, he felt like he'd come home.
"How long ago I wanted to feel the scent," he confessed.
Depression in a dense meal
In March 1933, shortly after his tenure as president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat in the Oval Office for lunch.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt loved the fancy dishes of 5th avenue, such as foie gras and Maryland turtle soup.
His menu on that day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and dessert pudding from prunes.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who suffered," said Jane Zigel'man.
Her husband, Andrew Koh, added, "It was also a message to the Americans about how to eat."
The spouses living in Brooklyn Heights are specialists in the history of food.
The last book of Kow, "Stew in Chinese," was dedicated to Chinese cuisine in America, and Zigel'man told the story of Life in a tenement on the Lower East Side through the food in her book, "House 97, on the street, Fruit garden."
Their new joint work of "dense meals", which will be published on Tuesday by the Caine Publishing House, is the story of American food in Great Depression.
Showing some degree of their own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich shop, a tiny, simple diner in the Fljetajronskom district, which has been operating since 1929, the year of the stock market crash.
Zigel'man, 54, ordered cream cheese and a sandwich of olives, and FPC, 57, took a turkey, mashed potatoes and a vegetable mixture.
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple considered it to be a suitable starting point for a discussion of food in the depression.
"The rolls were in high demand," said Zigel'man.
There was peanut butter, liver loaf, bean rolls.
They were made from the main ingredient and cheap products that allowed the ingredient to be stretched.
Imagine eating as much peanuts as you need for dinner.
Crow winced.
"He must have been in his stomach with a stone," he said.
In the years before depression, the American table, especially in the countryside, was a buffet.
Women's groups were preparing for male farm workers, and the freshly baked pie was for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to the hungry Europeans during the First World War. The "dense meal" describes how the country was coping with what suddenly ceased to be a country of abundance.
"It was a time when the food became a central, difficult subject for the Americans," said FPC, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
It was also a difficult new budget diet: mysterious dishes, such as rolls and casseroles, became staple foods; Casserole is a "great way to dispose of leftovers," Zigel'man noticed, because the chefs could have hidden the unsavory ingredients under the thick sauce.
Fresh fruits have been replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, the former Foundation of American Food for many years, has become an economically distributed luxury.
People have tried strange mixtures because energy and nutritional value have become more important than tastes and even culinary common sense.
Studying for a book that includes recipes, Zigel'man prepared the dish of that era: filoed onions, stuffed with peanut butter.
"This addition to the dining table was not successful," said FPC.
Zigel'man added, "It was very strange."
Peanut butter is totally inappropriate for Pechjonomu Luka.
This was characteristic of many domovodcheskih recipes.
More than ever since then, the home economics specialists-including Louise Stanley, the head of the Federal Bureau of Housekeeping from 1923 to 1943-managed the country's dietary habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they counseled women to become "budget preparers", to accept the challenge, and to transform stuffs like those that were wiped with carrots into delicious dishes.
A "dense meal" is a feasts of curious historical facts.
The government's response to starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let them eat pies" is particularly juicy.
Publicly extoled the simple farm cooking of the state of Iowa during his childhood, he fed himself as a sophisticated millionaire who became.
"He liked continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce," he told Crow.
He ate in practically a gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was fantastically detached from reality.
President Roosevelt could have committed the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not advised him to set an example with his stomach.
As the book says, Eleanor Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was completely uninterested in the taste, and this led to the White House "not only using the most dreary food in Washington, but sometimes the most abominably cooked".
Many of the culinary tricks of the Depression era were forgotten as the country stood back on its feet.
Their heritage is our constant focus on calories and nutrition, says Zigel'man, and how science was used in cooking.
The spouses say that during the writing of the book they understood better the food habits of the mother of Zigel'man-that she could not throw away the food, for example.
"She was really afraid of a sloppy attitude to food," said FPC.
Zigel'man recalls, "she poisoned people completely."
There was one unpleasant case of Profitroljami.
When the dishes in Eisenberg's were emptied, they and FPC got the dessert that they had prepared at home: the dessert of prunes that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called the prune mousse," said Zigel'man, adding that it was a common technique to give a modest prescription for the name.
No whipped cream, just prunes, little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone was reluctant to load a spoon in the viscous, a brown, sticky matter.
Surprisingly, it was good.
Coe twice asked for a supplement.
By the voice of a confident budget preparer, he said to his wife, "a few chopped walnuts would be a mess."
Arrest of any case of mass fighting at smaller cemetery extended until 14 November
The Presnensky court left before the 14th of November a any case of a mass fighting in the smaller cemetery, in which he granted an application for an investigation.
Fourteen persons are accused of the case.
It will be recalled that on 14 May, a number of hundreds of people from Central Asia and the northern Caucasus were fighting in the smaller cemetery, using weapons that resulted in the death of three persons.
The former head of the cemetery, Yuri Chabuevu, and the lawyer, the co-founder of the public organization "Healthy Nation", Alexandru Bocharnikovu, have been charged with murder.
The second issue of pension indexation for 2016 can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on 12 August by the Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Federation, Olga starved during a visit to the Bryansk Oblast.
We have specific parameters to raise the pension to refines the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are made.
"The economists are now summing up half a year, and we will be completing this work within the next two to three weeks", quoting the famine of the "Dow".
Commenting on the Alexei Kudrin scheme proposed by the head of the Strategic Development Centre for six months each year, the Deputy Premier reported that the topic was not being considered in the cabinet.
At the end of July, it was reported that the Government had agreed on a position on the full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
The stone and Gregorian were in the final rounds of the small-bore rifle fire.
Russian athletes Sergei Stone and Kirill Gregorian were held in the final round of the small-bore rifle from lying at the Summer Olympics in Brazil.
According to Tus, Sergey Stone scored 629 points and ranked first as a new Olympic record in qualifying.
Kirill Gregorian became the second-628.9 has.
There were eight best athletes in the finals.
The stone is the world record in this discipline (633).
The Turkish opposition Fethullah Gulen requires an international investigation into the circumstances of the attempted coup d ' état in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission investigate the attempted coup d ' état", quoted Gulen French newspaper Le Monde.
The Turkish opposition also stated that "if any part of the charges is confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
Gulen, however, denies involvement in coup d'etat, stressing that his organization has never claimed political power.
The Istanbul court previously arrested in absentia the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen.
It will be recalled that a military coup attempt took place in Turkey on the night of 15 to 16 July.
The company Gilead Reimburseed the costs of the defence counsel during the dispute over the hepatitis C patent with the Merck Company
Gilead Sciences Inc. has the right to obtain reimbursement for the costs of the defence counsel that it incurred in connection with the litigation on the issue of a drug for hepatitis C drugs with the drug manufacturer, Merck & Co Inc., was ordered by the Federal District judge.
In June, Gilead was exempted from paying 200 million dollars for the violation of two Merck patents by the company associated with drugs Gilead, sales leaders, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after an American judge discovered a number of irregularities by Merck, including false under oath and other unethical actions.
When he was brought before the court on Thursday, Judge Beth Ljebson Freeman of the United States Federal District Court said that Gilead was entitled to reimbursement for expenses incurred in the course of challenging the claim.
Merck is trying to catch Gilead, which dominates the new generation of hepatitis C drugs, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case occurred in 2013, when the companies of Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to the laboratory work on which the sofosbuvir was based, the active ingredient of the Gilead Company's drugs.
The armed forces, established with the support of the United States, claim that they have intercepted complete control of the manbidzhem of the Islamic State
The armed forces, established with the support of the United States, seized full control of the northern town of Manbidzh near the Turkish border, after the last remaining militants of the Islamic State left the city, the spokesman for the group spoke on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (VTS) are now cleaning the city after serving the remaining group of militants who were hiding in the city.
They released more than 2 000 civilian hostages, who were held captive by the militia, told Reuters Sharfan Darwish of allied with the VTS of the Manbidzha Military Council.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we're doing clearance operations," he told Reuters.
Clinton earned 10.75 million dollars in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent of the federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton announced on Friday his tax returns for the year 2015, which showed that the presidential candidate for the Democratic Party and her husband had 10.75 million dollars of income this year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent.
In 2015, Clinton received $1 million in the form of charitable contributions, most of the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton, received about 5.3 million dollars in fees for performances, and the former secretary of state claimed $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure in the State Department.
Potential vice President Clinton, U.S. Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, together with his wife Anna Holton, announced tax returns in 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to set the standard of financial transparency", said in the statement by the electoral adviser, Clinton Jennifer Palmieri.
In contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and breaking his past promises to release his tax returns.
This is a common case for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although the law does not require them to do so.
New York businessman Trump and his attorneys have called the Public Revenue Service audit as the reason for his refusal to publish his tax returns.
"Your move," tweeted the electoral adviser Clinton Jan Sams, bearing in mind the declaration of the Democratic candidate.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them until after the tests had been completed.
Trump's critics, including the presidential candidate of the Republican Party in 2012, Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, said that his refusal raised questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business and other ties, including Russia.
Clinton grabbed on this issue and on Friday released the online video, which was dominated by outstanding Republicans who persuaded Trump to disclose tax reports.
On Thursday, she raised this issue during a speech about the Michigan economy.
"He refuses to do what every presidential candidate has done, without exception, for decades: To publish his tax returns," she said to the congregation.
The Politico newspaper reported that Trump had not paid any or almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and the business browser of the New York Times on Friday quoted many tax attorneys and accountants, who believed that perhaps the case was still so.
Federal tax rates were the subject of controversy in the presidential elections.
Clinton supported the rule named after the billionaire investor Warren Buffett, who would guarantee that people receiving more than $1 million a year would pay a tax rate of at least 30 per cent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway there was based, invited Trump to meet and exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said that he was also under the IRS's check, and that Trump was "afraid" of the voters, not the tax agency.
The electoral headquarters of Clinton promulgated the tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons currently living in Chappaqua, New York, paid the average federal tax rate of about 32 per cent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective aggregate tax rate of approximately 40.5 per cent.
The Clinton Declaration of the year 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, only $100 of their income was the source of salaries.
Their main investment was an inexpensive index mutual fund, and Clinton claimed dividends and income from capital in the amount of $109 000.
Additional reporting by Kevin Fraction; Editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks increase the protection of Tanzanian elephants
Environmentalists in Tanzania are using an innovative way to prevent elephants from wandering into populated areas by throwing condoms filled with chili powder.
The method proved to be effective, and the organization Honeyguide Foundation, which came to mind this idea a few years ago, along with the American Wildlife Conservation Committee, he took the lead in teaching volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania to use a non-violent, four-step approach to protect their homes and crops without causing harm to the animals.
Previously, many used spears to protect themselves.
On Friday there will be world Elephant Day devoted to animal protection.
"Since we invented the toolkit ..." "We see a change of attitude within these communities, which makes them much more confident that they will not allow elephants to their fields without causing harm to elephants," said in the statement by the CEO of Honeyguide Damian Bell.
The first two steps are to ignite the torch before the trespassing elephant and to feed the horns.
If he could not be discouraged, the so-called "cloud of Chile" was thrown.
The chili powder, mixed with the soil, is clapperboard into a condom, and the end is thickened, but only the fuse remains.
In the ignition, the condom bursted with the noise, spraying the minor dust of chili powder in the air.
One breeze is usually enough to deploy the elephant to the other side.
An extreme measure is a launch device that shoots the Roman candles in the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey has still not returned 32 Turkish diplomats who left the country following an attempt to coup in July this year.
This data led to the Mevlut Cavusoglu by the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey in an interview with local journalists.
In the first stage, we withdrew 208 personnel diplomats to continue their work at the centre.
"Of these, 32 persons without objective reasons and explanations did not return", said the head of the Turkish foreign policy department.
It is recalled that an attempted coup d ' état took place in Turkey in July.
The authorities officially stated that coup had failed and also reported the detention of more than 6,000 people, among them senior and middle-level military officers.
As a result of the attempt, coup died, according to the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 290 people.
The Jewish director sharply criticized the Berlin hotel for removing Israel's telephone code at the "request" of Arabs, the RT News Channel
A French director of Jewish origin unleashed a scandal in the media, finding that the hotel Kempinski Bristol in Berlin does not have a list of Israeli telephone codes, and employees refer to "requests" by Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of the "Shoah" Holocaust documentary, expressed his dissatisfaction with the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German media FAZ.
During his recent stay at the hotel, Lanzmann attempted to find Israel in the list of telephone numbers provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the States to be called directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016, in Berlin, the capital of new Germany, Israel was expelled and iskorenjoned?
Wrote Lanzmann.
In return, Kempinski Bristol provides an opportunity to recruit Israel through its own telephone service centre.
In search of an explanation, the director raised the issue at the hotel management.
The answer he received there, according to Lancmana, "shocked him."
The hotel clerk said this was a "thoughtful decision by the management of the Kempinski Hotel network."
The reason behind this step has caused more of the director's anger.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that the Israeli code be removed", said Lancmana, a hotel official.
The Ambassador of Israel to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handel'sman, described the case as "terrible shame", the newspaper load Zeitung.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
It's, in fact, a terrible shame.
What happened in Germany and this hotel network is even more shameful.
There's no need to explain.
"We expect the hotel to make the right conclusions," said the official.
The case caused a great deal of internet resonance; People called him a scandal.
Some argued that the hotel Kempinski just "went over" the alleged demands of Arab clients.
"Ashamed" was said in another post, where it was stated that a hotel located on the glorious street of Kurfurstendamm was located near the synagogue.
The hotel was very helpful and the staff was very friendly. "Oversight" and "apologies" before Lancmanom, reports the newspaper Der Spiegel.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel on the Speed dial list", quoted by the representative of the hotel Kempinski newspaper load Zeitung.
She adds that the code has now been added.
The police use tear gas and rubber bullets against Brazilian students
The students confronted the police in the Brazilian city of São Paulo on Thursday when they met to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The riots began when the police tried to disperse the students, as a result of which the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in a demonstration to express their concerns about the plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the State of São Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin, nearly 100 state secondary schools will be closed and 300 000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some of the protestors could be seen to have graffiti written on the walls against the Acting President Michael Temera.
This last protest took place just a few days after the protesters went to the streets to support the detached of President Dilma Rousseff, when the Senate voted to impeach it.
Trade between Russia and Iran has increased by 71%-reporting RT Business Portal
With the lifting of sanctions, the trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 per cent over the previous year, according to the Ambassador of Russia to Iran, the Dzhagarjana.
As international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, there has been a growing interest on the part of Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are resuming ties with Iran and new firms are ready to gain access to the market.
"Of course, further trade expansion is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran," said Chagharyan.
He noted that in the first five months of 2016, trade between Russia and Iran had increased by 70.9 per cent over the same period in 2015, amounting to 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran grew by 91.5 per cent and amounted to 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 per cent, to 158 million dollars.
"The increase in trade has been achieved through the supply of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons", the ambassador said.
Chagharyan also predicts that a record number of Iranian tourists will visit Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic mission in Iran issued about 35 000 visas, mainly to tourist and Iranian nationals.
In addition, Iran first entered the top 20 countries by the number of tourists visiting Russia.
"It is safe to say that last year's record of the number of Iranian tourists who have visited Russia will be beat," he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend that we visit the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where monuments of ancient Persian civilization remain in good condition," he said.
The state continues to twist the nuts in the defence and industrial complex.
The "systematic failure" to general the "diamond-ante", "lapse in work" and "loss of confidence" orders was the cause of dismissal.
Gennady Bender has been appointed as head of the NGO for the next three years.
Information about the dismissal of Neskorodova appeared only on Thursday night and did not cause widespread media resonance.
How do we explain this silence in the context of the large-scale rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the Russian leadership does not want to spread any rumours or negative assumptions in the public environment.
This confirms once again that the defence and Industrial Complex (OPK) has many problems and that the State does not wish to attract greater public attention to them.
The suspension of Neskorodova is undoubtedly an important event in terms of order in the industry.
The NGO diamond is the main enterprise of a concern specializing in the production of surface-to-air missile complexes (systems) of sea and ground-based.
Currently, "Diamond" works on the creation of systems "poliment-Redoubt" and "Morpheus", which are planned to be installed on new Corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
Founder of Portal military Russia Dmitry The root considers that the dismissal of Neskorodova is due to the disruption of the projects.
This is the most logical version.
For example, the development of "Morpheus" started in 2007 and the introduction was expected in 2013.
"Poliment-Redoubt" should become the main air defense system on the newest naval ships.
According to the information that I receive, there has not been a real successful test in several years of testing.
The truth is, as far as I can tell, there's no unequivocal fault of the diamond, said the root.
The expert fears that the delay in entry into service may also occur with systems "C-500".
Project development has not yet been completed, but the first complexes are expected to reach the troops during the course of 2016.
The MoD reassures that "work is in progress and will be completed within the prescribed time-frame", although in 2014 the agency acknowledged the problems with the development of the C-500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities of the Neskorodova responsible the diamond since 2011.
The root stated that delays in project time could be both a cause and a reason for dismissal.
In his view, it had become extremely difficult in recent years to obtain information on internal processes in the PJC and business management plans.
The industry has received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and the large money is known to love silence.
As a rule, directors of defence companies retire from positions of their own volition, contract of agreement of the parties, or transfer to another job.
In this case, the suspension took place in public, although it was not resonance.
This suggests that the leader of the diamond was probably a shrew figure and resisted lander on top of "quotes".
This behaviour seems to be no longer tolerated by the state.
It will remove those who prefer to argue with the MoD's installations and fail to perform the tasks assigned.
At the same time, the RF leadership seeks to punish been caught stealing managers (shipyards "star").
The President personally pays particular attention to the problems of the sector.
Vladimir Putin chairs the military-Industrial Commission and holds periodic meetings on rearmament.
The Kremlin is defending the ranks of the OPK's managers, seeking to hold at hand the loyal directors who will carry out the orders received from the top.
This is a far from ideal policy, but against the backdrop of corruption and the absence of normal competition in the defenses of other instruments, the State does not.
The present situation in defense is certainly not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation encourages the Kremlin to bring the armed forces into order as soon as possible.
In parallel with the "cleanup" of managers in the OPK, the Russian leadership is taking quite successful steps to improve the professionalism of Russian troops.
The staff of the army acquired new quality with the arrival of the Minister of Defence, Sergei Shoigu.
The president seems to have adopted a known saying, "Want peace, prepare for war".
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and the nuclear parity achieved in the 1970s led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, which established Moscow's spheres of influence on the continent.
With all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked well.
Proof of this was the absence of war on the European continent and the relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The triumph of the "victors" in the Cold War eventually turned into a strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the United States, there seems to be no tranquil corner left in the "civilized World".
Despite common distress, the West refuses to speak to Russia at the level of an equal partner.
Under such circumstances, the Navy and the army remain the only allies of our country.
The strengthening of military power will enable Moscow better to promote national interests and to reach new frontiers in world politics.
Scottish Callum Skinner is racing at the finish line, as a result of which the British are seizing bicycle gold
Scottish Callum Skinner raced to triumph in the men's team sprint at d'hiver in Rio last night, as a result of which the British commanding trio defended his title from London 2012.
Glasgow's 23-year-old native was the strongest man that his friend, Scottish Sir Chris Hui, had done to his own, and the young man was proud to strong following the finish line to break the winning team from New Zealand.
Britain asserted its right to an unexpected victory four years ago, winning when the Hui declared the right to the fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the stunt, after the finished modest sixth at the March UCI World Championships in London, despite the fact that Hui has since finished her career.
The question between Beijing and London was the replacement of the member's expert, Jamie staff.
They did it the same time they showed up hindes.
Hoey's care also created a void that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was a man who was followed by British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scottish who has now been implemented.
Kenny Hindes-the champions of Hui four years ago-and Skinner set the Olympic record in qualification, but the standard was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won a duel for gold.
Hindes was right behind his lap, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner supported.
The change of strategy was a major part of the transformation, where Hindes was riding more gear to slow down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
Hui observed from his place as an invited BBC expert and caught Skinner's gaze, Kenny and Hindesa, when they entered the pedestal.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said, "This is a flattering comparison."
I'm here to do my best and do my name for myself.
We set up the Olympic record in the finals and won the champions of the world.
It was incredible.
There's no better way to win.
After a triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes confessed intentionally to fall on the track after a failed start.
He later dismissed the commentary, and there was no way to appeal to the British competitors.
There was no such issue this time in the greatest victory.
Hindes said, "I felt like London, with all those flags of Great Britain at the podium."
We've all been a team meeting in the last three months.
We've lost so many races with a worldly name that winning the Olympics was just amazing.
It's one event, one gold medal for a country that won seven out of 10 races in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of progress in the last five months, then velodrome is waiting for five more successful days.
With the form shown by Kenny, it is not beyond the scope of imagining how he repeats the feat of Hoey, winning three Olympic gold medals in some games.
This would allow you to see Kenny-who's exactly 12 years younger than Hoey, who was also born on March 23, which seems to be the holy date in British sports, which is the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister, brings his account to six gold medals and one silver medal.
It would be like a hoey.
Next time, Kenny competes in a sprint that starts today and plays for three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said, "I just enjoy it now."
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your comrades.
A little lonely to win alone, to be honest.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he must receive chivalry."
It was the only coin in the day, but there were good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Stephen Burke and Owen Dull are qualified by the fastest 4 command race in four pursuits.
They finished for three: 51.943.
The world record of gold in London, 2012, is 3:51.659.
The first round and the finals (10:42 evenings) will be held today, the second day of the event, where Wiggins is definitely going to be the focus.
He had a discussion with the Commissioners yesterday, the day before the qualification, when officials asked him to measure his weight.
In the relevant women's event, which resumes and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rousell Shand, Eleanor Barker and Kathy Archibald of Milngavi improved the world record by showing time 4:13.260.
Command Britain came to rely on a mighty cyclist to take ownership of the average Olympic period and earn a lot of medals.
After in fact the extraordinary demonstrations of full supremacy in Beijing and London, expectations weakened in the gradual preparations for Rio.
There were dramas on the second level, not the last-the departure of technical director Shane Sutton in April due to sexist and harassment charges, and the departure of large figures such as Hui and Victoria Pendel'ton.
However, on the basis of the first-night race on d'hiver, it seems that the legendary glory of the Great Britain in reaching the vertices at the right time may be repeated again.
The future of the Portland metallurgical plant is threatened by the dissolution of the electricity contract
The future of the Portland Aluminum plant in Victoria, as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers, is threatened by the fact that the electric power company that supplies the plant, according to one of the owners of the plant, is about to terminate the delivery contract: it is planned that all delivery contracts will be terminated.
This is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the Victorian government not to renew the subsidies provided to support the operation of the plant.
A fixed subsidy of 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2 000 jobs may be at risk at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
Entire 2 000 jobs, directly and indirectly, may be in the risk zone as a result of any closure.
There may also be additional indirect effects, as the metallurgical plant consumes about 10 per cent of the total electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the metallurgical plant at Point Henry, which led to the closure of the Anglesey power plant last year.
The Portland metallurgical plant of Alcoa loses money and risks closure.
These actions were the result of reflection on the future of the plant, which had been going on for several years, initially because of the strength of the Australian dollar and later because of the price of the plant's products.
The AGL company, which supplies a large aluminium plant to electricity from its Loy Yang a power plant in Latrobe Valley, has indicated that it expects the other three owners to take steps to avoid the contract.
The controlling share of the factory belongs to the joint short-term enterprise of Alcoa and Alumina, and the Chinese company Citic and the Japanese Marubeni Corp have smaller shares.
"AGL expects that the Portland facility will continue to operate, i.e. that the physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not cease", she said.
According to AGL, these contracts are so-called ' hedged contracts ', which were due to enter into force in November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month termination period, so they would actually end in 2017.
"Accordingly, AGL still expects these contracts to bear their share of the income in the 2017 fiscal year", the electricity Company stated.
Any potential impact on the profits of the AGL company, starting with the fiscal year 2018, is currently limited by predictions of a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL stated that it had already reduced the amount of the contracts in its accounting by 187 million dollars in view of "imminent dissolution".
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability of the Alcoa to control the metallurgical plant or to supply electricity to the metallurgical plant".
The American company stated that in 2010 it entered into a contract with Loy Yang, which was due to enter into force in November this year, but still has to explain why it canceled the contract.
Analysts feared a possible closure of both the Portland Metallurgical plant in Victoria and the volume of the plant near Newcastle due to the unfavourable economic situation in the industry.
Referring to analysts earlier this week, the chief of the company's AGL Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland uses about 600 megawatts of energy each year and the volumes about 900 megawatts.
If both of these factories leave the market, there will be a significant reduction in demand for the [electricity] market.
"For us, as a producer, it's going to be bad," he said.
Not just the star of reality show Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September Vogue
Kendall Jenner, age 20, model and fourth daughter of the Kardashian-Jenner mother manager, Chris, appeared on the September cover of the American magazine Vogue.
Kendall, who is the face of Brenda Estee Lauder and walked in fashion weeks in Milan, Paris, and New York, reported the news in her Instagram account on Thursday.
"While in the room with my favorite people, I looked at this cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
Was the news about the cover strange (or just in the spirit of the Kardashian family?)), a reality video prepared in which the entire family Kardashian-Jenner (deboshiry Rob and Kaitlin, also joined the most beloved uncle of show business, the producer of the Kardashian family, Ryan Seacrest, forgot the sister's appearance on the cover, and at the end, the classic turn: They were planning a surprise party.
It's a standard storyline of almost every episode of children's television shows devoted to birthdays (Seacrest says, "Did you think we forgot about you?" with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit from the program at 8:00 a.m., but Chris needed to get this fame somehow to the other girls.
Because with this episode devoted to the September Vogue number, we certainly entered the new era of the Kardashian show.
May elder sister Kendall Kim have reached the cover of Vogue earlier (she showed up with her husband, Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the most selling release of Vogue for the year.
The thickness is more like a gift edition than a fashionable magazine, attracts a large number of advertisers (on the calculation of the fashionista portal, 615 pages from last year's 832-page edition included advertisements).
News of the stars that are on its cover is expected to be so impatient that in the last two years photographs of the magazine Melded before the official announcement.
Previous women on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista, and Keith Moss.
In recent years, there has certainly been more on the cover of "celebrities who work models" than "models that are celebrities".
The winner of the Oscar award and the face of Brenda Dior Jennifer Lawrence was presented on the cover in 2013, one year after this honor fell to Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely event that the Jenner, which the magazine described as the "outstanding model" of its generation, falls into the first category, it's in a good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of known people, reality show stars, or modern children who know how to make a good video in Snapchat (although Jenner falls into all of these categories).
These are really talented women who are thriving in the entertainment industry.
For Beyoncé, which appeared on last year's cover, this year was one of the most successful in a career in connection with the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy with the success of Jenner.
The position of the Jenner in the fashion world, because of its last star of a television reality show, should always have been precarious.
In June, one of the first models of Victoria secret Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "time-Tarts."
These sentiments began to seethe again after news of the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no point in obsessing with frustration.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September Vogue.
She is a supermodel in every sense of the word.
She flaunts for Marc Jacobs.
She sells you a tonal cream from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters are selling you their photos in their own apps, available on a paid subscription.
She sells her own photos of her daughter Cindy Crawford to love.
And in your spare time, you may still be seeing your sister, Courtney, and her children, and she's participating in a television reality show.
Public legal centres refuse to service 160 000 people per year
Each year, more than 160 000 least protected people are denied service in public legal centres, as this sector is preparing for an effect that will further cut funding for already existing capacity-building activities.
In Queensland, three out of five persons — mostly elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people unable to fight unjust dispossession and so on — have already been denied access to legal aid and representation.
Public legal services that are already working outside the capacity are preparing for further reductions.
Since June of the following year, these legal centres should lose another 30 per cent of federal funding.
The director of the Queensland Public Law centres, James Farrell, said that according to the report of the latest census of the National Association of Public Law centres, thousands of people had been denied for a year.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision was not rescinded, the situation would only worsen.
"The public legal centres in Queensland are consistently underfunded: this means that thousands of people are being denied the essential services they need", he said.
People who get out of violent relationships, people with unmanaged and ruinous debt, families passing through divorce, unfairly dismissed workers-all of these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they cannot receive the assistance they need.
The federal government cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, and thus thousands of less secure Queensland residents will be forced to deal with complex legal issues without assistance.
We call on the Minister of Justice and Senator Queensland George von Brandis's to immediately cancel these funding cuts so that people can get the help they need when they face legal challenges.
Last year, the State Government fulfilled its commitment to raise the funding of free legal aid to the national average.
Now is the time to draw attention to the needs of public legal centres and communities, their clients and the government of Palashhuk to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump's pre-election headquarters was sued after the staff member allegedly threatened with a pistol
According to New York, Donald Trump's headquarters was reportedly filed with the court: the staff allegedly did nothing after a report that his operating director in North Carolina had threatened a pistol with a staff member while travelling in a jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit on Wednesday to the state court in Charlotte Wincenty Bordini, a former software instructor at the state headquarters.
Bordini said he waited a few months to get the problem resolved internally, but he realized that "this is not going to happen."
Director Earl Phillip "extracted the gun, put his right forefinger on the trigger and sent the barrel to Vincent's kneecap," says Bordini in the complaint.
Complaining to the local and regional office of the electoral headquarters, Bordini realized that at least four other people had become involved in similar incidents with Phillip, and that they were alleged to be treated.
"Pistols don't have to shoot to cause damage," said Bordini in the complaint.
The lawsuit took place only two days after as a presidential candidate for the Republican Party hited, telling listeners in North Carolina that "the people of the Second Amendment" — understood as the owners of weapons and their amateurs — could begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton was elected and able to choose the judges.
Trump's pre-election headquarters said that the media had pulled his words out of context and that he had not spoken out in support of violence.
In its complaint, Bordini seeks compensation from the pre-election headquarters for negligent supervision and Phillip, for threatening physical violence, insulting the act and causing moral injury.
Trump's representative hope Hicks is slow to respond to the request for comment.
Attempts to talk to Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news partner in Charlotte, reported that Phillip had recently left the pre-election headquarters.
In response to a call to his consulting firm, innovative consulting services, no one quickly called back.
Presidential candidate for the Republican party Donald Trump has conducted a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. Donald J. Trump FOR President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court, Division of Higher court for District of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and extend Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring rebirth and prosperity not only to our communities here and to London as a whole, but throughout the country.
It was the great advantage of Heathrow, as it was to me, just as it was with London 2012, where we made every effort to make our peoples and regions benefit from the games.
The Olympic Games have been of great benefit to the Stratford and east-Enda.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local people and firms near Heathrow.
We will create 10 000 new internships, 40 000 new jobs and an end to youth unemployment around the airport only for our localities here.
Just as it was in front of London 2012, there will be those who think the task of the Heathrow expansion is too ambitious.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games, and that we would find ourselves in a quandary on the world scene.
Skeptics were mistaken in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow answers any question that is raised about it.
Like Heathrow, it is an infrastructure project for most, not just a narrow circle.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and throughout the United Kingdom.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which introduced the programme of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment on a timely and budgeted basis, from T5, which is the best terminal in the airport for five consecutive years, to T2, built in the middle of the two most busy runways in the world.
They are now ready to provide a third runway, supported by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The 2012 Olympic Games in London were a great success for Britain, and I am sure that Heathrow will be expanded.
It is time for us to channel the Olympic spirit into the right direction and to expand Heathrow, ensuring our trade future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton-President of Heathrow Council and former Treasury trade attaché
Adblock Plus, Facebook play the "cat-mouse" on the issue of advertisement blocking.
For companies that earn money on Internet ads, attempts to bypass software to block advertisements are a game of "cat-mice", according to one of the companies that creates the software.
On Thursday, just a few days after Facebook announced that he was going to block blockers ads on his desktop version, Adblock Plus published a blog entry that users could update their filters in the program to block advertisements on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version would change the editing around their ads to make it harder for designed ads to recognize which parts of the page are advertisements.
But Adblock now says he was able to circumvent the new code.
In his blog post, the representative of Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between the blockers open-source advertising community and those who are trying to circumvent it continues from the time of the invention of the advertisement lock", and it is possible that Facebook will present its own decision in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social network is struggling is a clear indication of the extent to which the blockers of advertising for industry has become a major problem.
Around the world, about 200 million people use blockers advertising, according to last year's pagefair and Adobe study; Almost four times as many people used the software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who go to Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 percent of Facebook income from advertising.
However, the company hunts for blockers advertising on the desktop, because mobile blockers ads are inefficient in mobile Facebook applications for social networking and Instagram, according to the representative.
However, the desktop advertisement is a fairly lucrative article so Facebook sees it as a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it was going to update its advertising preferences tool to give people more control over how they targetiruetsja advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook stated that the new Adblock filters were worrying because they would also block some unadvertised content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," said Facebook representative in an official e-mail.
Blockers advertising is a blunt instrument, so we focused instead on creating tools such as advertising preferences to hand over control to people.
The woman moved on the Swiss Highway in an episode of apparent suicide.
The victim was lying on the freeway in the middle of the night.
The police call on witnesses after a woman has moved several vehicles on the freeway in the early hours of Thursday, in a clear attempt to commit suicide.
The incident occurred at A1 near the Walrus in the canton in the immediate aftermath of midnight on Thursday.
A woman went on the road in the darkness "in a gesture of despair" and was hit by several vehicles and reported to the police in a statement.
In a clear attempt to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49 years, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died in the field.
Several involved drivers have already been interviewed, but the identity of some of them has not yet been identified, reported by the police, who call on them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to respond.
A criminal case was instituted, a "logical" step in such a situation, was stated by the lawyer mine Hofstetter le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remained to be seen whether any of the drivers involved would be charged.
Was it possible to avoid the impact?
"This is what the prosecutor must determine," said Hofstetter.
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be found responsible.
In each case, both of which involve a person walking in the dark on the freeway, a sentence has been handed down that motorists cannot expect to meet a pedestrian on the freeway in the middle of the night and report to the newspaper.
Last year, an officer was acquitted of negligent death after she hit and killed a man lying on A1 near Payerne night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old saw victim lost consciousness on the road and was heard by the court.
The court found that a female policeman — who responded to an emergency challenge — drove the vehicle in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was "an entirely exceptional and unpredictable situation", said the judge.
Someone with information about the incident on Thursday near the walrus has to call the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once inhabited.
Venus may have been a habit once, according to the new NASA climate model.
Scientists from the Nasovskogo Institute of Space Studies Goddard developed a model for the study of the past Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climatologists.
The model was designed to determine whether on Venus, with its hot water surface and the atmosphere saturated with carbon dioxide, there might ever be conditions like Earth.
The scientists had previously assumed that the small speed of rotation of Venus was due to its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus probably could have a diluted atmosphere like Earth, and still spin slowly.
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
There were probably more arid regions on the planet than on Earth, but once there was enough water and geographic variability to create conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited the sun, which was 30 percent dimmer.
"According to the GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus puts her day on the sun for almost two months at a time", explained in a press release a scientist from Giss Anthony del Henio.
This warms the surface of the planet and produces a rain that creates a thick layer of clouds acting as an umbrella protecting the planet's surface from a significant part of the solar heat.
The result is an average climatic temperature, which, surprisingly, is a few degrees colder than it is today on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to development, which was previously intended by planetary scientists.
Even though Venus might have been inhabited, it had been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation for several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was married ultraviolet radiation.
When her hydrogen ditcheded, only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect was left — that is, Venus, as we know it today.
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy leaves the Avalanche team coach.
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of the hockey Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process of the team.
The Executive Vice President/CEO of the Colorado team, Joe Sakic, confirmed the news and noticed that the club would begin looking for a new coach immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have performed my duties as chief coach and vice-president of the hockey activities Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
During the summer, I spent a long and hard time pondering how I could improve this team to give it the depth it needed and elevate it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and the vice president of the hockey activities should ideally coincide with the vision of the Organization.
It must also have the right to vote in decisions that affect the team's work.
These conditions have not been met at this time.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," said Sakic.
We appreciate all that he has done for our Organization and wish him success in the future.
Roy won the award Jack Adams Award as the best coach of the league during his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014 years.
He led the club to 112 points and victory in the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated by Minnesota in the first round of spin-offs and played the playoffs for the last two years.
The Avalanche team announced the 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and was five points away from wild in the fight for the second concessional qualifying for participation in the Western Conference.
The goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley Cups, two with Montreal Canadiens and Avalanche.
The North Sea oil industry is resuming negotiations and suspending the strike
Working strikes on the issue of the wages of the oil workers in the North Sea have been suspended and all the parties to the discussion are starting a new round of negotiations, and the lead representatives of the parties have reported.
Strikes against the oilfield service company Wood Group were sporadically organized on platforms in the North Sea run by the Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT alliances can confirm that we have agreed to resume the negotiating process to resolve current disputes", as stated in the joint statement.
We will hold several meetings for the full day in the next few weeks, beginning next week, to look at the problems with a fresh look.
The trade unions reported that their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential wage reductions up to 30 per cent.
Wood Group this year reduced the rates paid to contract employees in the North Sea by about 9 per cent due to negative market tensions.
The decline was due to a 10 per cent reduction in the rates for contract workers on the shore in 2014.
According to the company, further reductions would give it the space it needed to overcome the market decline.
Shell, for its part, has reduced thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil-related activities in countries up to 10, as it streamlining its activities because of its mega-merger with the British power company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of ponizivshihsja prices for untreated oil: the economic situation has deteriorated because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union adopted in June by Great Britain.
A Scottish Member of Parliament, Dave Anderson, met with trade union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the major labour conflicts that occurred in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North Sea and throughout the country, we need an economy that works for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion of the cost of new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, in contrast to the average of about 7 billion dollars in the past five years.
Kepler measures the rotational velocity of stars in a Pleiades cluster
The last mission of the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers to assemble the most complete catalogue of rotation speeds of stars in the Pleiades.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in clusters spin at different speeds, as well as the periods of rotation related to the formation of planets.
"We hope to compare our results with other star clusters, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age, and even the history of its solar system," said in a press release, Louise Riball, a research fellow at Caltech's Center for Infrared processing and analysis.
The Pleiades is 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in the cluster are now only reaching maturity; They were born about 125 million years ago.
They spin as fast as they never will.
At their peak speeds, these adolescent stars emit large quantities of stellar winds.
As we travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, these winds have inhibitory action on the stars.
As the star ages, its speed starts to slow.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star, keeping track of the time between the emergence of recognizable stellar spots, such as sunspots.
The newest catalog of rotation speeds suggests that more massive stars spin slower than smaller stars.
Riball compares stars with dancers: larger ones make alley slower than smaller.
"In the ' ballet ' of a pleiades, we observe that those that spin slowly, usually more massive, whereas those that spin faster are usually very light stars," said Riball.
Because the Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory for comparing the properties of stars with rotation speeds.
"The constellation of the Pleiades provides a starting point for the theoretical models of rotation of the stars, both junior and senior," told Riball.
We still have a lot to learn about how, where, and why stars slow down their rotations and put their "dance shoes" on the nail, figuratively speaking.
Riball and her colleagues described in detail their last analysis of the Pleiades rotation velocity in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical magazine.
The investigation of a group of Ukrainian infiltrators in the Crimea is conducted by two departments, and writes an "ABC".
The FSB gather evidence of the involvement of detainees in the preparation of sabotage in the Crimea.
As previously reported, a citizen of the Ukrainian city, Energodar Yevgeny Panov, agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
He said that he considered the chemical "Titan" in Armyansk, oil in Feodosiya, Kerch Ferry, gas pipeline and one of the military airfields as objects for sabotage.
Pravoohranitels believe that not all another infiltrators were able to apprehend.
This, in particular, was the basis for the arrest of the suspects in the Kiev court Simferopol, and notes the publication.
The chief coach of the Russia national football team was Stanislav Cherchesov
At the meeting of the Russian football executive, the decision was made to appoint the chief coach of the Russia national football team, Stanislav Cherchesova.
The contract will be for two years, until the completion of the FM-2018.
On 11 August, RFU appointed the Russian national football team, Stanislav Cherchesova, as head coach.
He is a famous footballer who formerly played for the goalkeeper in the Moscow Spartak, as well as a coach with a solid experience he was a mentor of Russian teams such as the same "Spartacus", "Pearl-Sochi", "Terek", "Amkar", "Dynamo", and Warsaw "Lehi", which became the winner of the national championship and the country Cup.
It is reported that the contract with CHERCHESOVYM will be signed as soon as possible and is for a period of two years.
It is thus his responsibility to prepare for the 2018 World championship.
It is known that his coaching staff will consist of Miroslav Romashchenko, Gintaras Stauche, Vladimir Panic.
There is information that the salaries of the entire coaches ' staff will be 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to the media, the RFU's leadership set the goal for Stanislav Cherchesovym to bring the Russian national team to the semi-finals and win the medals.
As the coach himself stated, he considers the creation of a competitive environment in the team as a priority and is going to give the players an opportunity to show themselves.
Also, according to Cherchesova, he is glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of the Cherchesova national team will be convened on 31 August in Antalya, a comradeship with the Turkish team.
Remember, the previous position of chief coach of the Russian football team was Leonid Slutsky, combining him with giving at the CSKA club.
He reiterated his resignation after the failure of the Russian national team to take up Euro-2016 in France.
In doing so, he took responsibility for the bad result of the team.
Squeezed between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered greatly during the long struggle against apartheid.
However, with the independence of South Africa in 1990, that country, with a population of 2.4 million, had achieved tremendous success, particularly in the past few years.
The main reason for the success of Namibia was that the Government attached great importance to education.
While people in developed countries perceive free primary and secondary education as a matter of course, in many poor countries secondary and even primary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, Governments are often advised to introduce tuition fees for "cost recovery".
In Namibia, however, primary school education is free.
Moreover, secondary education has become free of charge since the year 2015.
The country's authorities are also active in other important areas.
Efforts to eradicate malaria have reduced the number of annual cases by 97 per cent in the last 10 years.
In Namibia, contrary to the international trend of growing inequality, it is declining.
In comparison with the 1993 figure, the Gini coefficient, a standard indicator of income inequality, dropped by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this score was one of the highest in the world.
And the poverty rate fell from 69 per cent in 1993 to less than 30 per cent.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 a day) has also declined, from almost 53 per cent to less than 23 per cent.
Namibia also has the highest ranking of freedom of expression in Africa, according to reports of "Reporters Without Borders".
The country was far ahead of the United States and other wealthy nations.
In addition, the country has a favourable rating, one of the highest in Africa, in the "Corruption Perception Index", which is made up of human rights defenders from Transparency International.
Even now that commodity prices are falling, Namibia has managed to maintain a high rate of growth.
At the same time, debt-to-GDP ratios are about 25 per cent, which is less 1/3 of debt levels in the US and most European countries.
Of course, Namibia has some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least in the traditional estimation methods, is still fairly high-almost 28 per cent.
And, like other countries in the region, in Namibia, the high incidence of HIV/AIDS-almost 17 per cent of the population is infected.
The World Bank estimates that Namibia is among the middle-income countries, but the authorities insist that their state is in fact a developing country.
Namibia, of course, faces some of the difficulties inherent in poorly developed economies.
The State must develop a very large and arid country with a small population.
In the territory of the country, there are isolated nomadic hunter-gatherer tribes living in the deserts which, in one way or another, must be integrated into modern society without losing their identity.
The integration of the people who were on the periphery of the world economy a quarter of a century ago is not an easy task for any country.
For Namibia, it is even more difficult: like any other country in the world, it faces the consequences of climate change.
However, Namibia has not thought about discouragement, and the country is addressing the problems it faces.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities embarked on the creation of a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is noteworthy that competing political factions have gathered together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap health care not only to its own citizens but also to its neighbours.
About 15-20 per cent of visitors to health facilities in northern Namibia are Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia speaks of the construction of a wall that separates the country from poor and corrupt neighbours.
The Namibians realized that the neighbors were not chosen and therefore decided not to conflict with them, but to cooperate-to share scarce water resources, to participate in regional health projects, to encourage investment and to exchange students.
Moreover, the Namibian Government had rightly judged that the rich natural resources could easily become a curse, helping to enrich the few at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that the revenues from Namibia's natural wealth need to be invested in infrastructure and productive capacity.
They also realize that it would be irresponsible not to seek maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and they are reviewing investment laws and mining contracts to ensure that this is so.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so the strong support of the Government for freedom of speech is so important.
As the head of State, Hage Geingob, said, the media often say what he does not like.
But after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must protect the freedoms it has received, the President says.
Not all of Namibia's key resources are finite.
Some, such as fisheries, are renewable and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Every year, over a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia has shown that even countries that begin with serious shortcomings — racism, colonialism, inequality and underdevelopment — can embark on the path to common prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and emulation.
Many have heard of the golden "Varna", the oldest golden objects created by man (4600-4200 BC).
It was probably the biggest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: in Bulgaria, in the excavations of the Varna Necropolis, a fantastic quantity of gold artifacts was found-more than three thousand total weight of 6 kilograms.
Only one grave known as "Tomb 43" has been extracted 990 pieces of gold objects totalling more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the oldest gold in the world may soon move to code to the kind of bead found by the archaeologists in July this year.
Again in Bulgaria, in the prehistoric settlement known as Tell Junacite.
Unlike Varna, the port city, tell Junacite is located far from the sea, near the village of Junacite Pazardzhikskogo District.
The bead is a gold stripe wrapped in a ring.
Yavir Boyadjiev, the head of the excavation in tell Junacite, dated Nakhodka 4600 years before our era, and said that she was over the gold of Varna for at least a 200-year period.
The Treasure of Varna is remembered to date roughly the same period, 4600-4200 GG. Before our era.
Technologies that allow date metal to be perfectly accurate are not available at this time.
How do you know what gold is more ancient?
Apparently, Professor Boyadjiev knows more about what Reuters said to the agency: "I am quite certain that gold junacite is over the gold of Varna."
This is a finding of extreme importance: It is a tiny object, but it is large enough to take its rightful place in history.
In an interview with Reuters Boyadjiev reported that scientists would shortly examine the composition of the metal and revisit the archaeological reservoir where the gold artifact was found.
This will help date the bead as accurately as possible.
The place of discovery also explains a lot.
Tell Junacite-The settlement is famous, even if you've never heard of it.
At present, tell Junacite is considered the oldest "city" in Europe.
Tell was based on the descendants of the people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th millennium BC.
Over the next centuries, metal processing has flourished in the region, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to the creation of a full-fledged industry.
In the national historiography of this archaeological community there is a special name: The Balkan-Carpathian Metallurgical province.
In the 5th Millennium B.C., urban-type settlements began to emerge around the metal centres.
They are now called the oldest cities of Europe.
Of them, tell Junacite, perhaps the oldest, because the artifacts were found 4900 years before our era.
I'd call Junacite a prototype of the modern city, although this is a very ancient settlement, even as compared to Mesopotamia.
"This place is over Schumer for a thousand years," says Boyadjiev, bearing in mind the generally accepted view that the urban culture was born in southern Mesopotamia, a modern Iraq.
There were first cities in the usual sense of the word.
Excavations of tell Junacite have been under way since 1976.
During this time archaeologists dug up almost 12 hectares, approximately one third of the estimated total area of the settlement.
The remnants of the fortress wall, which once reached a height of three meters, were found.
Little was left of the houses and workshops, but archaeologists clearly distinguish the streets, public buildings, urban dense building, "business center" and residential margins.
Tell Junacite is often called the "Avian City": Dozens of clay bird figurines were found here.
All the birds are depicted in a state of peace, from which it was suggested that they were not decorative objects but a subject of a local cult.
The "Bird City" was destroyed about 4100 years before our era, possibly Indo-European tribes come from the northeast.
The nomads had no cities, but there were horses and guns.
Three fortress walls didn't stop them.
Archaeologists found clear signs of brutal slaughter: Inside the houses, the remains of elderly people, women and children were found with the wounds of battle axes.
New findings and new facts appear every year, changing the familiar notions of the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists are increasingly speaking not of individual cultures, but of the "lost" first civilization of Europe originating in the Balkans.
A powerful stimulus to the search for this civilization was the "golden", found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the golden luxury of Varna should have been preceded by something like a tiny golden bead created in Tell Junacite.
The Porsche artificially ageded model 911 Targa
It is officially stated that the training of 911 Targa 4s exclusive design is carried out manually by the Unit's specialists who work with the serial machines.
"Retro-onions" is, for example, in the special colour of the body of Etna Blue, which was developed as early as 1960 for the Porsche 356b model-this color even painted the model logo.
In addition, Targ received a white branded schedule along the board and special 20-inch wheel discs RS Spyder, as well as some parts of the body design, painted in white-gold metallic.
In the interior, retro-lines is noticeably smaller: it differs, in large parts, by the gray-Blue gamma design, by new chairs with extended range of controls, and office black anodized steel thresholds with a division logo.
In addition, if you purchase a special version, each purchaser will receive a car case and a rich Office album with photographs of the production process.
Power Plant Specialists The Porsche exclusive touch did not become: the retro-targ by characteristics is quite the same as the serial.
It is equipped with a six engine with a supercharged volume of 3.0 litres, developing 420 hp and 500 nm.
The most dynamic version of 911 Targa 4s is able to speed up to 100 km/h in 4 seconds.
The Porsche 911 Targa 4s exclusive design will be released in limited circulation, but neither the volume nor the value of each specific sports is reported.
The "arms race" was unleashed by Facebook and blockers advertising
The recent introduction of Facebook technology, Predotvrashhavshej to hide advertisements on networking pages, has provoked decision makers to block response advertisements.
In Adblock Plus, the antidote has been released, but Facebook is planning to do it soon and useless.
So Adblock Plus has advertised its new technology, which is likely to remain effective briefly
The representatives of networking noted that, in an attempt to deceive the new technology of "unblocked" advertising, the decision from Adblock Plus with commercial announcements blocked many regular posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed regret for this policy of Adblock Plus and promised to solve the problem soon.
As the source networking to the developers of the TechCrunch edition, code that Adblock Plus is useless on Facebook's desktop site will be ready within the next few hours.
Thus, network and blockers unleashed a kind of "arms race", trying to beat each other, and the injured party was users who missed interesting recordings from friends or glimpsed advertising where they were not accustomed to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of advertising blocking have recently aroused heated controversy.
In a Murmansk, the rapist will be tried. Evening Murmansk.
His case has already been completed in the investigation committee of the Russian Federation in Murmansk Oblast.
The indictment against a 54-year-old man is very serious-the commission of a sexual assault.
The investigation revealed that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the vicinity of Pavlova Street in Murmansk had committed sexual acts with violence against a 20-year-old girl. The criminal case with the confirmed indictment has been sent for examination on the merits.
The sanction of the said article provides for a maximum penalty of up to six years ' imprisonment.
Dongfeng would bring to Russia Krossvjen Fengguang 370 and the pick-up of the rich new site at the wheel of www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370-A representative of the gaining popularity in China of a car class that combines the virtues of a minivan with a crossover.
Another Russian prime pick-up is the rich new.
Many Western firms in the Moscow International Auto Show have decided to ignore this year, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls of Crocus expo will be filled by Chinese firms.
In particular, a powerful front will be the Dongfeng Motor Corporation, which has large views on the Russian market and intended to offer our hobbyists a number of interesting innovations in the near future.
One of them will be Krossvjen Dongfeng Fengguang 370, who was sold in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550 rubles at the current rate).
Russians such a price tag is unlikely to shine, and the issue of transfers to our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 The June sales were able to reach the 11th place on the list of the most sold minivans, although due to the high road clearance (175 mm) and the protective plastic weight on the bottom perimeter of the body, it could easily be included in the crossover.
The Krossvjen is built on the front platform of the junior model Fengguang 360, with 370 the same wheel base in 2725 mm, but the body a little longer (4565 mm vs. 4510 mm), the design is more solid, and the equipment is richer.
The salon is decorated with wooden planochkami, but the large vertical touch screen "like Tesla" on the central console was only in the early exhibition Krossvjena, and the cars with "music" were easier to sell.
Five of the seven seats are easily stacked, forming a flat loading pad of 1650 mm long, the maximum trunk volume being 1500 litres.
Engine for Fengguang 370 there is only one-1.5 litre gasoline "atmosfernik" power of 115 hp, docked with a 5-step mechanical gearbox.
About the dynamic qualities of the machine The producer is modestly silent, but promises a benign budget for the owner of an appetite at 6.7 litres/100 km.
The rich new pickup is a well-known Russians Nissan NP300 Navara last generation, but with a slightly refined Chinese stylist design.
Despite its morally outdated design, this model still has a stable demand from the Chinese consumer as a reliable and unpretentious "work horse".
At a similar price, the Russians are likely to be interested, because modern Japanese pickups have become exorbitantly expensive.
The rich new is equipped with two engines for choice: petrol 2.4 litre (137 litres) or turbodiesel 2.5 litre (116 hp).
Gearbox-only mechanics, drive-back wheels, but there are modifications and hard-plugged "front".
Will be at the Dongfeng and the new flagship sedan A9, his Russian premier mission announced in June.
Minvjenopodobnyh Krossverov in the Chinese market is becoming more and more, some of the latest innovations-Cowin v3 and SWM x.
Currently, the Russian ruler Dongfeng consists of two models: Sedan S30 and Hatch h30 cross.
In the seven months of this year, Chinese firm dealers sold 696 cars in our country.
Notices of transport tax will no longer be sent by mail-the website at the Wheel of www.zr.ru
The tax inspectorate has changed the distribution of property tax notifications.
All Russian autoowners are accustomed to individual years of scheme: in the summer and autumn, they receive receipts from the mail to pay the transport tax for the previous year.
This year, however, many of them are not waiting.
The fact is that the tax Inspectorate has changed the way citizens are notified without undue ADO.
Those who are registered in the "personal office of the taxpayer" on the official website of the nalog.ru office will be notified electronically.
The inspectorates automatically considered such Russians as online users and crossed them from standard, paper-based broadcasts.
The innovation would affect all vehicle owners and real estate.
All others will continue to receive familiar letters.
However, the ability to return to the old schema is also available to the account holders on the site.
To do so, they will have to visit the Tax Service office during August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and more convenient.
The notice will appear in the "personal cabinet" immediately after the compilation, while the letter is going to take several days and may be lost.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service of the tax Inspectorate has been over 18 million people, which will allow the agency to save money on the mailing list.
On the other hand, the modest news on the inspection site is clearly insufficient to inform citizens of the changed order.
Some could register with the "private office" to get a lump service and have long forgotten.
These people will not be notified by mail and, knowing, will fall into the category of non-payers with all the attendant consequences.
The taxpayer's personal cabinet is accessed in three ways: through the gosuslugi.ru Portal account, by electronic signature or by entering the login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained in person at any office of the Tax Inspectorate (regardless of the place of posting).
It is reiterated that this year the transport tax must be paid before 1 December.
Notification distribution started in July.
The tuning Mercedes-Benz G-Class, in which refinement is designed to achieve a very high return, is a thing in itself.
But the controversial concept did not embarrass the G-Power masters who took over the modification of sportversii Mercedes-AMG G 63.
The G-Power is known for its addiction to BMW cars, but nothing human of its masters is foreign.
Really, why not improve the G 63-571-strong flying sledgehammer with the aerodynamic tank and disperse to hundreds for 5.4 with?
Kachivaja the muscles of the crazy helium, the Wizards took advantage of the benefits of the 5.5-litre pressurization G-8.
But the dynamics of the acceleration to the hundreds have improved on the indistinguishable 0.1 with, and now the flying brick is capable of a 5.3 c.
However, acceleration from the average speeds is certainly better given to him.
Alarming speed ceiling: If the standard G 63 faster than 210 km/h does not drive, then the visor budget with the deactivated electronic collar is capable of squeezing 250 km/h.
The car from the outside is virtually indistinguishable from its original source, with the exception of other wheel discs-23-inch hurricane RR 305/35 ZR 23.
The suites unit of Mercedes-Maybach announced an astonishing concept compartment of 6 m long, which will be presented as part of the elegant competition in Pebble Beach.
Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with BMW I's green sub-brand and will promote its electrical models under a separate trademark.
A minimum of four green innovations are expected in the coming years.
