28-year-old cook found dead at San Francisco shopping centre
The 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the staircase of the local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother says that he is not in a position to imagine someone who would like to cause him pain, noting: "Finally, he went on."
- Telo, found in Westfield Moll on Wednesday morning, was identified as a 28-year-old San Francisco resident, Frank Galicia, informed by the San Francisco forensic department.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death was classified as murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The brother of the victim, Luis Galicia, told the channel KGO TV and Radio Company ABC in San Francisco, that Frank, the past cook of the distribution line in Boston, got his work of dreams as a cook in the restaurant San Francisco's Sons & Daughters six months ago.
A spokesman for Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and suppressed" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a friendly family and will not be able to grasp it," the spokesman said.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank in this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stopped at the hostels, but in recent times, he was on the way.
"He found an apartment, he met the girl," Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said he could not imagine someone who would like to cause the pain of his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a big heart.
His way of communication with his family has always been to prepare us a dish, prepare us for dinner, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be implicated in any quarrel.
He was a brother who plucked downstream.
"With all the bad things that happen to this world, he was the unspeakable diamond that was brightly shining every day," he said.
Anyone who owns the information is asked to call Hot Liniya SFPD at 415-575-4444.
Churkin stated that the meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was useful.
RF Minister of Agriculture Alexei Gordeyev congratulated Tatarstan president Mintimer Shaimiev on achieving high indices in the field of agriculture in 2007.
"I think the discussion was useful for us, and we have provided them with information about what happened," Churkin said.
He explained that in closed consultations of the Security Council, he presented Member States with information on incidents on the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, in which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation expressed concern and outrage about the attempted terrorist attack and sabotage on the territory of the Republic of Crimea.
The male team of Russia got into the final of the combined relay race of 4 to 100 m.
The male team of Russia managed to reach the final of the combined relay race of 4 to 100 meters in swimming at the Rio Olympics.
The Russians in qualification presented Anton Chupkov, Yevgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich.
They sailed the distance in 3 minutes 32.95 seconds.
The Russians showed a sixth result.
In the preliminary round the best time for the British is 3 minutes 30.47 seconds.
The final will take place late on Saturday.
Russian rapists defeated Americans and took part in the final of the tournament on Oi.
The Russian team of fencing went to the final of the team tournament at the Rio Olympics.
In the semi-final, Russian athletes beat the American assembly with a score of 45: 41.
The final will take place at 00.30, in it the Russians have to fight with the team of France, which in the semi-finals won the fight with Italians with a score of 45: 30.
The Russian Jutdoist came out in the 1st / 8th finale of the Olympic Games.
Russian Jutdoist Renate Saidov on Friday defeated the Austrian Daniel Allerstorfer in 1 / 16 of the finals of the Olympic Games in the category of more than 100 kg, the competition site reported.
In one eighth final, the Russian will meet with Brazilian Rafael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Russian Olympics were brought to Jutdoists.
Beslan Mudrans became the best in weight category up to 60 kg, Hassan Halmurzaev - in category up to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian national team ranks seventh in the copper market with 19 awards.
The size of the state debt of Italy increased to record-breaking indicators
The size of the state debt of Italy in June 2016 exceeded 2,248 trillion Euros.
In the central bank of the country stated that this amount is a historical maximum, RIA Novosti reports.
The previous negative record was set in May this year.
Then the size of the state debt reached 2,228 trillion Euros.
It is noted that during the first six months the debt burden of Italy grew by 77.2 billion Euros.
It was previously reported that, at the end of 2015, the state debt of Italy was 132.7% of the country.
Meanwhile, Italian Economy and Finance Minister Pierre Carlo Padoan has forecast a decrease in this figure in 2016 to 130.9% and in 2018 - up to 123.4% of GDP.
Payments from the airport received 141 victims from the terrorist attack in Domodedovo.
141 people received charitable payments from the Aviation Foundation, which was created by the management of Domodedovo airport to help the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, Interfax reported.
According to the press secretary of the airport Alexander Vlasova, two more statements are currently under consideration.
On the part of the Foundation, charitable payments to the victims of the 2011 terrorist attack are continuing, and it is a comprehensive assistance to address existing issues, and it is clear that the fund was established to facilitate interaction with the victims, containing full information on the procedure of providing charitable assistance.
In 2011, in the hall of foreign airline Domodedovo, a suicide bomber brought an explosive device.
As a result of the terrorist attack, 37 people were killed and another 172 were hurt.
Scientists found animal that can live 500 years
An international group of biologists has concluded that the most long-lived vertebral animal is the Greenland polar shark, which can live about 500 years, RT says.
The scientists carried out radiocarbon analysis of the lens of the eyes of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, whose length exceeds five meters, can be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that an important role in the longevity of sharks plays low metabolism, which leads to slow development.
The females of Greenland sharks reach sexual maturity only by 150 years.
Earlier, it was thought that the longer of all vertebrate animals lives the neighbor of the shark - the Greenland whale.
The oldest person, a well-known scientist, was a little older than 210 years.
Putin has changed the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has made changes to the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Earlier it was revealed that Putin withdrew from the post of the head of the administration of President Sergei Ivanov, his successor was appointed Anton Vaughno.
Ivanov will now work as a special representative of the president on environmental issues, ecology and transport.
From the number of permanent members of the Security Council of the Russian Federation excluded the notice of the Council of Rashid Nurgaliev.
Sergey Ivanov, Anton Vait, is included in the board of the President in SFO Sergey Menyollo and the regiment in the NWFO Nikolay Zukanov.
Sergei Ivanov is released from his office as head of the presidential administration.
President Sergei Ivanov was released from his office as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov is appointed special representative of the Russian Federation on environmental activities, ecology and transport.
The new head of the administration is Anton Vaughno, who previously occupied the post of deputy Sergei Ivanov.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to transfer to another job.
Is it worth to go to the sanatorium if there is no health problem?
Our expert is the main doctor of the sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if the person is healthy, just tired of work, should he go to the sanatorium?
Spa recreation is necessary not only for treatment, but also for prevention of diseases.
In the conditions of the sanatorium, the person can check the condition of his body and obtain the advice of the doctor how to live so that his health is not destroyed.
Such recommendations will not be superfluous.
It is an important signal of the organism, it is not worth it.
Constant stress, mental and physical overdose can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And the stress is about 90% of the visitors.
And it is most prone to people from big cities aged 45 to 55.
So it is better not to complicate the situation and to give yourself in time to rest.
Research shows that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay in the sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer comfortable rest for the whole family.
So if you want to spend your holidays with your children, you will not have to share with them.
For children, even the smallest, there are wellness programs, which include diagnostic services, pediatricians, analyses, and medical treatments.
For example, swimming ( in many sanatoriums there are children pools ), inhalation, special mode of power, massages, oxygen cocktails, curative physical culture.
The course of procedures is determined by the doctor taking into account the individual testimony and features of the growing organism.
In addition, in sanatoriums, as a rule, there is a children club with animators, where children can attend game classes, various master classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even for guests with babies, provide the necessary conditions and provide services to an experienced nanny.
Soft winter, long summer, an abundance of sunny days a year ( over 300 ) create good conditions for year-round rest in the resorts of Caucasian Mineral Water.
And then the body needs rest not only in summer.
So it is not worth to fear the weather behind the window, especially since most procedures are held in the room and do not depend on the season.
In general, the spa treatment is desirable to spend twice a year, especially people of mature age.
The main chip of the region of Caucasian Mineral Water, of course, medicinal mineral sources: Slavynovsky, Smirnovsky, Yuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and affect different systems of the organism.
Water is different in temperature, number of salts, general mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor selects the water depending on the patient's health.
Thus, Narzan has anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating action, restores the functions of the gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
"Yuki - 4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces sugar levels.
The new one has an anti-inflammatory, yellowish and urinary action.
The same effects have the water of Slavynovskaya.
In the appointment of water, the doctor must take into account the state of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, it selects less salty water, because salt is delayed by the liquid, which leads to increased pressure.
The intake of mineral water requires compliance with the regime: Water should be drinking at a certain time, in the necessary quantity and specific temperature.
Now in sanatoriums are available and various cosmetological procedures for face and body.
What types of recovery, based on the natural characteristics of the North Caucasus, can be obtained at the resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is a salty lake Tambukan, the ilya dirt of which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It has an anti-inflammatory, crucifixion, immunomodulating action.
These are wellness walks on individually composed routes.
They are particularly popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Kurortny Park ( the second largest in Europe ).
It is popular in Kislovodsk, which is in close proximity to the mineral source Narzan.
There is also a bath of wine, pearls, iodine, selenium, seagulls, depending on the fact that you will appoint a doctor.
Extend the fruit.
What to make the harvest go until the end of the season?
She tells Yulia Belopukhov, agribusiness and cottage.
It is time to arrange a haircut: To remove the new grazes, cut off the makeships, remove all the leaves to the last brush with fruits and flowers with small ties - they will not be able to mature.
All tomatoes, regardless of the "constitution," as well as pepper and bakers are fed up with ash-superphosphates, processed by biopreparations (Dowattacker, Fitolavin, Gamair, Fitolavin, Gamair).
From chemical funds at the end of summer it is necessary to apply only copper couples, colloid grey and green soap.
We make the last irrigation of plants.
The Dlinnopletic cucumbers in the heat drive from the screws so that the bottom, naked part of the stalk ( 25 to 40 cm ) lay on the ground, watering the warm water and the solution of the circus, pouring a stack of 5 to 7 cm of compost.
To prolong the fruit of the sugar, it is not easy: Cut the old leaves, treat the warm water and the solution of complex fertilizers, pour the fertile soil under the mouth.
To protect against night hills, install the arc with the hidden material.
During the day the plants keep open, and after the sunset of the sun close.
Signs of the end.
What indicates that Russia is out of the crisis?
Economists have seen signs of Russia from the longest in twenty years of recession.
According to analysts surveyed by Bloomberg analysts, Russian GDP shows positive dynamics - in the second quarter of GDP fell by 0.8% in annual terms.
This figure is minimal since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data of Rosstat, the downturn in the Russian economy slowed to 0.6% in the second quarter.
The Central Bank and the Ministry of Economic Development also announced the stabilization of the situation.
Ahead is slow growth.
According to CBR experts, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
The index estimate of Russian GDP suggests that the recession has been left behind, and there is a slow growth in the economy, the Bank of Russia said in the bulletin of the Bank of Russia.
In the current quarter, the regulator increased to 0.4% in the current quarter, an estimate of 0.5% in the fourth quarter.
According to the Ministry of Economic Development of the Ministry of Economic Development, during the second quarter the GDP of the Russian Federation stopped in the second quarter, up 0.2% in the second quarter.
In the second quarter, the seasonally refined GDP decline was 0.2% to the previous quarter.
But during the quarter, the downturn stopped: In April it was 0.2% and in May and June the change in GDP was within 0-0.15, "RIA Novosti quoted RIA Novosti as saying.
The slowdown in the fall of the Russian economy during the last five quarters indicates that the bottom is passed.
Among other markers indicating signs of a revival of the national economy, Bloomberg calls a rise in demand for electricity and rail transport, a revival of the business.
If you make an amendment that the year is visible, it is clear that the dynamics in plus 1% of electricity consumption may be half due to an additional working day.
Add to this lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth of freight transport, but it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and plus - minus 0.5% of the semi-annual volume can also be explained by seasonality.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, a decrease in price pressure.
In July, the consumer price index was 7.2% compared to 15.6% in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks Rosstat records deflation.
Prices in Russia decreased for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble, which, although showed strong fluctuations in the beginning of the year, has increased by 12% since the beginning of the year.
This is also one of the signs of recovery, followed by indicators from the real economy.
Besides, since April in the Russian Federation there is an increase in the volume of industrial production.
In June, the figure rose 1.7 per cent.
The rate of foreign trade turnover is slowing from -32.8% in January 2016 to -20.7% in May.
The positive dynamics also demonstrates the situation in the labor market, where the unemployment rate has fallen to 5.4 per cent.
Below it was only in September 2015 ( 5.2% ).
In spite of the successful situation in the labor market, the issue with real disposable incomes of the population to leave much to be desired.
In annual terms, the figure is down by 4.8 per cent.
This factor may be hampered by economic recovery, because household expenditures make a significant contribution to GDP.
As a rule, their share exceeds 50% in the structure of the economy.
In addition to low consumer activity, the risk factors for economic growth can also be called a tough policy of the Bank of Russia.
The regulator holds a rate of 10.5 per cent, which is not the best way to affect the real sector.
The negative factor is not a high level of investment, which inhibits the development of industrial potential.
But in general, it is possible to assume that by the end of the year the rate of the fall of the Russian economy will slow to -0.5% against -3.7% in 2015.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and excellent in winter sports at the Sochi Olympics, is not so actively developing in summer sports.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio for Russia and are former foreigners, in most cases it is about harvesters of countries - former republics of the Soviet Union.
But in Rio de Janeiro we can observe the reverse process - a large number of Russians are under the flags of other states.
In each case, the history of changing citizenship is different.
Some parents were taken to another country as a child, leaving no choice.
Someone did not compete for a place in the Russian national team.
And someone calculated that the best conditions for development in sport would be created abroad.
AiF.ru has found at least 16 athletes who have decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport of the 27-year-old girl it is written that her name is Lisa Ryzhi.
But earlier it was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in Omsk.
Just four years later, as soon as the Soviet Union collapsed, the parents of Liza decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There, she decided to go on the footsteps of his older sister - to engage in athletics.
As well as sister, Lisa chose the jumps from the sixth.
It would not be possible to stay in Russia, it would hardly be able to move from the throne to Elena Isinbayev.
Unfortunately, at the Olympics in Rio Lisa will be the only one of our fellow countryman, though the former one, in the sector for jumps from the sixth.
Her best achievements in this kind of sport are the bronze of the 2010 European Championship and the silver continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Elena Isinbaeva.
29-year-old Elena Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists of the Evangelical direction.
In many respects, because of their faith, they left the US when the girl was only three years old.
In addition to Elena, there were eight more children in the family.
All of them lived in the small town of Grinfild in Massachusetts.
Lena started to be engaged in the fight still in school.
Showing good results, she moved to the town of Colorado Springs, where the US Training Center continued classes under the leadership of another former Russian President Vladyslav Izboynikova.
At the 2012 Olympics in London, Elena lost in his first fight.
But at the World Cup in the same year - victory.
Before that, she, by the way, managed to win silver in the 2010 world championship.
After that there were bronze of 2013 and silver 2014.
26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where for the first time and got acquainted with synchronised swimming.
But saying that she was brought up by our coaches in Russia would be wrong.
Soon the family of the girl decided to emigrate to the United States and to settle in the city of Colorado.
There, Maria continued his classes.
Soon, she was already part of the US assembly and showed excellent results at the Pan American Games.
It is clear that at a serious international level, Russian synchronists can not compete, but for America its performance is the ceiling.
The new name, which in Russian sounds strange, Christina Shaldybin got in 11 years when her parents made the decision to continue the training of the girl of art gymnastics for the ocean.
Until that moment, the girl was engaged in a favorite sport in his native Yaroslavl.
Having emigrated to the United States, she quickly entered the youth assembly of this country, and later burst into the main national team.
At the Pan American Games, 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first positions on the world stage, she certainly did not have to fight, but for the US it organized a real breakthrough - a star striped assembly at the Rio Olympics.
Another of our former "artist" is Yana Besharply-Marggrander, who is in charge of the German assembly.
Ian was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany - the girl had more prospects to get to the national Assembly.
Soon, she had already represented his country at the 2012 London Olympics.
There, though, Ian was able to take only 17 places, insufficient to enter the final competitions in the personal championship.
But two years before, she managed to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games.
Another gymnast, only this time sports - Irina Sazonova.
If the way of emigration of the earlier athlete can be called standard, the choice of the Irina family is very unusual - Iceland.
Ira is a pupil of the Volga Sports School.
Naturally, in Iceland, she immediately became the champion of the country.
However, the training of Ira is still in Russia - specially comes to the motherland not to lose skill.
In Rio, she was not as successful as she would like.
The best place is 40 in the personal circle.
The information about the swimmer of Maria Ugolkova in the Russian information space is very little.
For a very long time, Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time, she performed under the Russian flag, showing bad results - was even a record of the country in the distance of 200 meters.
In 2015, she received Swiss citizenship and began to perform under the red and white flag.
In Rio her best performance is 14 place in the complex relay race of 4 × 100.
In order to get to the game, the girl launched a crowdfunding project, thanks to which she was able to collect about 6 thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for preparations for the Olympics.
The 31-year-old wrestler of the freestyle style, Adam Batirov, spent almost all his career under the Russian flag.
During this time a native of Hasavurt managed to become a three-time prizewinner of the European championships, the champion of Russia, the master of sports of Russia of international class.
When he stopped getting into our national assembly, it was time to think about the change of citizenship.
For several years, the talented wrestler disappeared from sports bridges.
The triumphant return took place at the Asian 2016 Championship - Batirov has already represented Bahrain, for whom he won a gold medal and got a trip to the Rio Olympics.
About another ex-Russian, Mikhail Kudinov, at home is known even less than even about the Swiss swimmer Maria Ugolkov.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand when the boy was quite small.
It was there Mikhail and started to engage in sports gymnastics.
He did not succeed at the international level.
In Rio, his best result was 40 place in qualification in parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, even getting to the Olympic Games in sports gymnastics is already a breakthrough.
When Nast, born in Moscow in 1985, was only nine years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued his classes in synchronised swimming, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championship in Berlin, the girl took the 6th place in synchronised swimming.
In a duet with Yevgeniy Tetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
In the solo program, she was fifth.
Like Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitry Croyter stands for the assembly of Israel.
When the boy was only six years old, his mother made the decision to repatriate to Israel.
In 2009, in 17 years Dmitry has already become a champion of the country.
In the same year he won in the youth World Cup.
A year later, Croyter wins and gold of the Youth Olympic Games in Singapore.
In addition to jumping in height, Dmitry is engaged in jumps in length and triple jump.
The 31-year-old Albert is another native of Hasavurt, who, after long speeches for Russia, has decided to change his sports citizenship.
However, unlike Batirova, Albert chose Romania, which will be presented in Rio.
In Russia, he campaigned for the School of Higher Sports Excellence of Krasnoyarsk, in 2011 even becoming the champion of the country.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the player of the national team of the USSR in volleyball Yaroslav Antonov.
Literally a year before the birth of son Jaroslaw was recognized as the best volleyball player of the planet.
Soon, he decided to continue his career in Italy.
There, the family and remained on permanent residence.
In 2015, as a member of the national team, he became a bronze medal winner of the European Championship, held on the territory of his new motherland.
Khajiev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and got together with his family in the midst of War.
Ten years later, the parents made the decision to emigrate.
The original goal was Norway, but in this northern country it was not possible to go to France, in nice.
There, Zelimhan continued to study the freestyle wrestling.
Soon, he won the world championship among juniors, and later qualified for participation in the Olympic Games.
In Rio, he will be the only representative of France in the fight tournament.
And again the freestyle wrestling, and again the former Russian.
This time it will be about the lesson of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain, about Tymuraze Friev.
At the end of December 2012, he was awarded Spanish citizenship, and he is currently campaigning for the national team.
Before that, though, the 30-year-old athlete had time to mark high results in Russia.
He became a bronze medal winner of the 2007 and 2008 championships.
The statute of failures in the assembly, Tymuraz took the decision to change sports citizenship.
The last in our list is the Chechen boxer, born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan Makhachkala, - Artur Biyarshov.
When the boy was ten years old, the parents took the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There, Arthur on the advice of his older brother started to do boxing.
Since then, Arthur has become a champion of Canada, and in 2012 he became the world champion among the youth.
In 2015, Biyarshov won the gold of the Pan American Games, the first for his new homeland since 1975.
Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation Anton Vait.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaughno head of the Russian presidential administration.
Earlier this post was Sergei Ivanov.
According to the decree of the President of the Russian Federation, the President of the Russian Federation was appointed by the President of the Russian Federation.
Since May 2012, he was deputy head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
Anton Eduardovich Vaughno was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Eduard Vaughno, Chairman of the Business Council of Cuba-Russia in the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and Vice-President for External Relations and Interaction with the shareholders of JSC "AvtoVAZ."
Grandfather - Karl Vaughno - 1978 to 1988 First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Foreign Ministry, Faculty of International relations.
From 1996 to 2001 he worked at the Russian Embassy in Japan, then in the Second Department of Asia of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
From 2002 to 2004 he held various positions in the Office of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 he was deputy head of the protocol and organizational management of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007 - the first deputy head of the protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008 he was appointed head of the protocol of the Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation, Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
Since December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On May 22, 2012 he was appointed deputy head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
Fluent in English and Japanese languages.
A valid state advisor of the Russian Federation 1 class ( class rank is assigned by the Decree of the President of the Russian Federation on January 22, 2008 )
Honorary letter of the President of the Russian Federation ( February 16, 2012 ) for the merits in securing the activities of the Government of the Russian Federation and long-term good work.
Gratitude to the President of the Russian Federation ( November 24, 2005 ) for the merits in preparation and conduct of ceremonial events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
Married, has a son.
Why children Cossack classes in schools?
According to Governor V. Kondratiev, "Cossacks need to raise not shares and parades, but systemically."
They should grow and at least 7 years to understand that they are Cossacks and education should be Cossack.
But as long as this work, as I think, is formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If the Cossack classes take all the positive, which is accumulated earlier, at a qualitatively new level, I will be pleased.
If all of them, the new idea will turn out to be cheap populism.
Housing and communal services continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the economy.
There is an infringement on the funds allocated to the needs of the communal sphere from budgets of different levels.
According to the Office of the Prosecutor General, inflated tariffs are one of the most common crimes in the sphere of housing and communal services.
As a result, consumers of the region overpaid the energy companies more than 170 million rubles.
The days and the office of the Krasnodar region revealed the facts of inclusion in the tariffs of unreasonable costs.
A total of 4 million rubles for rent of cars at the price is higher than the market.
And there is a lot of such examples in the country.
According to the Ministry of Justice of the Russian Federation, the average accumulation of payments from the population is 94 per cent.
He is accused of several articles of the Criminal Code: The waste, legalization of income received by criminal means, abuse of powers, etc.
According to the results of the investigation, as the head of the fund, which was engaged in repair of city objects, Makarov concluded contracts with entrepreneurs, the works were not actually carried out, but were paid.
Businessmen just returned him most of the money.
And as the owner of the Criminal Code, Makarov money from the population was collected, but the service providers did not pay and spend them on their needs.
As a result, the damage to the budget and the occupants is millions of rubles.
The scheme of the machinations of Makarova, alas, is typical for Russia.
In the country there was a wave of arrests and detentions of the leaders of the Criminal Code, which appropriated the money of citizens.
In Kamchatka, the trial of A. Kohan, by the way, is also a former deputy of the city council, who is accused of machinations of 91.7 million rubles.
According to the investigation, in 2012 - 2013 in Elizovo Kamchatka, he established 6 managers of companies and created 3 societies with limited responsibility.
One of them was carried out for the company of contractors, two others played the role of settlement and cash centers, that was taking money from the population.
However, the power of A. Kohan did not enumerate, but spent on himself, beloved.
It is quite difficult to judge in the sphere of housing and communal services.
Cases are not excited, delayed.
And it helps in this extremely confusing housing legislation, - says Svetlana Razgate, Executive Director of the Housing and Housing Service.
We do not have time to earn one law, as we invent a new one that should force the previous one.
The specialists, including among the judges, are not enough for housing and communal services.
Lawyers themselves admit that housing rights in universities are paid very little attention.
According to the Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Moldova, the President of the Republic of Tatarstan President Mintimer Shaimiev handed over State Awards of the Republic of Tatarstan for 2007 in the field of science and technology on December 28 in Kazan Kremlin.
Of those in production in 2015, 3.5 thousand crimes in court are directed less than half.
The rest of the investigation took a protracted character, and each fifth was suspended in connection with the non-establishment of the accused person.
Often, the shortcomings in the activities of law enforcement bodies are written off by the gaps in the current legislation.
The law is, but the bodies of pre-knowledge are not in a hurry to initiate and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 reports of counterfeiters - only 60 criminal cases were initiated.
During the 5 months of the current year their number has increased only slightly - 99.
And what is the falsification of the protocol of the meeting of the occupants?
This means that the change of management of the house, financial and other questions are bypassing the opinions of the owners.
And it means that the market of housing and communal services can not be tried by normal companies that want to honestly work, not to reach the population.
It turns out, the occupants in the mince, small and medium businesses, too.
First of all, by eliminating corruption as such in the whole state, he is confident Anton Zharkov, a member of the State Duma Committee on property.
And now this work is actively underway.
This is not just a single action - a targeted course to fight corruption.
Of course, not in all regions such a sad situation.
In particular, in the capital scandals and does not smell.
Why in Moscow there are no such scandals in the sphere of housing and communal services, as in many other regions?
Because the metropolitan government has shown iron will and led the order, - Anatoly Vyborny, a member of the State Duma Committee on Security and Corruption.
I mean both the personnel question and the legislative amendments, and legal education.
For managing companies there is a close supervision, and all of them have passed through licensing.
The complaints of citizens are promptly resolved in public space ( and the treatment of the occupants, and the response measures are placed on the portal of the government of Moscow ).
Many do not just pay monthly receipts, and carefully monitor what is written, as the house is contained.
Awareness among the population about the rights of owners and obligations of resource-consuming and managing organizations is very high.
In addition, Moscow checks the validity of tariffs on housing and utilities services - because a considerable part of the budget is on subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of the population.
Probably, all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
Is it all fallen into the will of the regional authorities?
Is it possible to change the place of work?
A Turkish gambit.
Can Erdoğan abandon friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has advanced the US ultimatum, proposing to make a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gueland, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup.
He stated that he was speaking in front of his supporters in Ankara.
Erdoğan urged Americans to abandon the support of the terrorist organization.
This is not the first statement from Turkey, in which the US is calling to change its position.
Experts believe that the split in Turkey relations with the West is increasingly mounting and can lead to a new attempt to change power in the country.
Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and Feto ( the terrorist organization of fethullahists ).
Either organizing coups of Feto or democratic Turkey.
It should make this choice, - quoted by the Anatolian agency the appeal of Erdogan on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
The President of Turkey once again, but already tougher demanded the US to fulfill his requirement, voiced for the first time immediately after the insurgency.
It should be reminded that on the night of July 16, in Turkey, senior representatives of the Turkish army were attempted to overthrow the legitimate authority in the country, as well as an assassination attempt on the life of the head of state.
However, after Recep Erdoğan addressed the population, the insurgency was suppressed, and its organizers and participants were arrested.
In total, about 8,000 people, in addition to the military, were teachers and scientists.
According to Recep Erdogan, their mentor was Fethullah Gülen, who lives in Pennsylvania in the United States.
Also, the supporters of Erdoğan admitted that the state coup could be implicated and directly by the Americans.
The US has denied all claims to his address, refusing to extradite Gülen and advised to change the tone.
The last statement of the representatives of the State Department on this account was made at the time of the visit of Erdogan to St. Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the president of Turkey - he insists on his own and also makes demands for other Western partners.
Ankara will cease to fulfill its obligations under the migration agreement with the European Union, if Brussels does not name the date of the abolition of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens.
In his words, the introduction of Ankay changes to the anti-terror law, as the EU requires, would endanger its own security of Europe.
It should be noted that on August 1, German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel demanded that Turkey stop the blackmail of the European Union with promises to open borders for migrants to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words were the answer to the corresponding statement of the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey Mevluta Chushoglu.
Another provocative statement by Chushoglu made a mine Wednesday, admitting that Turkey could withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry did not rule out that the country would consider the possibility of leaving the alliance if it did not meet the expected support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sphere is not a step against NATO.
There are countries of NATO, cooperating with foreign countries in the defense sphere, - import rockets, - said Chushoglu in an interview with Anadolu news agency.
According to him, Turkey now needs to create its own defense system based on its technologies, and to cooperate with other countries.
"Until now, Turkey has been trying to cooperate with NATO countries, but the results were not satisfied, and we started to search for others, the minister said.
Experts believe that all this speaks of the serious divisions of Turkey with the West and the reorientation of the country to the East.
The head of the International Institute of Political Expertise, Yevgeny Minchenko, believes that Recep Erdoğan is now conducting his game and can not go on a tough confrontation with the West.
He is very much tied to the West and from the point of view of the business, and from the point of view of the military ( Turkey is a member of NATO ), so I think that Erdoğan will try to balance while maintaining a framework relationship with the West.
Although, of course, Americans would be more comfortable to see this post as a fully obedient person.
According to him, it is not excluded that after the statements of the Turkish leader ( about non-payment of EU compensation, the demand for visa-free space with Europe and the extradition of Gülen from the United States ) will be pressed.
Recep Erdoğan will face deteriorating relations with America, and with the European Union, and they will pressure it on humanitarian issues, for dictatorial methods of management of the country and so on.
The head of the Center for Political Information Alexei Mukhin admits that the President of Turkey will change his point of view in relations with Russia as soon as it is profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdoğan held a very tough stance on Russia and in all ways sought favor in the West.
For a very short time, the situation changed to the opposite.
Guarantees that, after some time, the President of Turkey will not change its priorities again.
I think that Erdoğan has entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
Once between the two poles - the West and Russia, he will try to get the maximum benefit for themselves.
In his opinion, the main task for the president of Turkey today is to keep political power in the country, and for this purpose it is necessary for Russia and partnership with Vladimir Putin to stop supporting Gülen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the US, which is controlling the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
Therefore, the consensus with Turkey will be reached, the expert believes.
A different point of view is the head of the Center for Asia and the Middle East, Anna Glazova.
Now the relations between Turkey and the EU, and with the United States, are quite tense, and it is primarily related to domestic politics, which is held personally by Erdoğan.
I think that this crisis will be aggravated, and in the background of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to reboot policies both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
Not by chance, the president of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians, claim that they are ready to change their position on a number of issues on Syria, settled relations with Israel, an active political interaction with Iran, it is possible that the next step of Erdoğan would be to normalize relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy that Erdoğan is now conducting is a return to the course of the foreign policy concept, which was followed by Turkey before the beginning of the Arab revolutions.
At the same time, Turkey started to actively develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region.
Now there are very successful visits of the President of Turkey to Russia and the countries of Africa.
Therefore, this vector of foreign policy will develop and contribute to strengthening the positions of Turkey both in the regional and international arena.
Glazova believes that the return of Turkey to the previous relations with the EU will be incredibly difficult, now the question is whether the EU will be tough to respond to Turkey, which can go to open borders for migrants and to create serious problems for Europe.
Junior doctors strike: Call for new collective protests
Junior doctors have appealed to the trade union to authorize new collective protests in their dispute over a new labor contract.
The Committee of junior doctors ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC says ministers have failed to answer questions about the labor contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted in favour of the cancellation of the employment contract agreed with BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members involved in a secret vote.
In a letter to members published on Twitter on Thursday night, JDC chairman Helen McCort said the government continued to keep silent on the problems that she said led to the rejection of the labor contract.
She said, "In view of the situation, the head of JDC voted for the rejection of the proposed new labour contract in full and called for formal re-negotiations on all your issues."
In response to the silence of the government, the head of JDC today made an official request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve a continuous program of expansion of collective protests, starting from early September.
The dispute led young doctors to take part in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the State Health Service.
The leader of BMA junior doctors, Dr. Joan Malavan, resigned after voting for the abolition of the agreed terms of the labor contract, which recommended BMA.
He told BMA members that the deal was a good deal to be taken during the assembly in the run-up to the vote of 54 000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said the labor contract would be used for medical workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: An alliance of bad ones?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare the official end of an eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin welcomed his Turkish colleague in the gold-plated hall of the palace in St. Petersburg, I had a steady impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But the smile of Mr. Putin looked strained, and he hardly radiated heat even by his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, in contrast to this, has spoken repeatedly about his dear friend Mr. Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost the score.
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described the actions of Mr. Erdogan as if nothing bad had ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm was the opposite.
But the tightening of the cool, coming from Mr. Putin, showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first one, he mentioned in introductory comments: Turkey knocked down a Russian fighter on the Syrian border.
The reaction of Moscow, at that point, was untrue.
Mr. Putin erupted with an angry circulation, accusing Ancaru of hitting Moscow in the back.
The insult was even stronger based on the alleged friend.
Restoring real trust will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media carried out a stunning, total offensive on Ankaru.
Suddenly, it seemed that the Turks should be considered guilty.
The most serious were accusations from senior officials that Mr. Erdoğan, his own family, was pressed on illegal oil trade from the zones of Syria, controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it decisively.
But in St. Petersburg there was an official signal that it was time to move on.
At the end of the day, this meeting occurred only because Mr. Putin received an apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim the victory of its kind.
For Ankara, the advantages of the announcement of the truce are clear.
First of all, Erdoğan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from his post last month in an attempted coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shocked him too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have been hit hard - especially a ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast annually.
The number fell sharply to almost 90 per cent.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here, of course, will feel relief when flights will finally resume.
They put at the peak of the end of the season on the Mediterranean Sea.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as Turkish imports of agricultural products will be resolved again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as stated in the report in the Vedomosti newspaper.
But the visit also had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is evil on the West for considering a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to this her prolonged discontent with the turtle of talk about joining the EU and the move of Mr. Putin - which aims to take advantage of the cool and gradually destroy Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won bonus points with Ankara for calling for the support of the elected authorities after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, it is a tribute to Moscow, which has its own deeply entrenched fear of regime change.
So, the summit in this brilliant palace on the sea coast has allowed Russia and Turkey to imagine that one analyst described me as an alliance of bad ones: Two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West, unite forces.
Nevertheless, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two continue to have substantial differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
Perhaps it speaks for itself that after nearly three hours of initial negotiations, as long as the two presidents gave a press conference, they did not even address the topic.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided the answer to the question of their differences, while Mr. Putin preferred to focus on them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find common language in Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and taking into account the possibility of a complete disaster, when a member of NATO Turkey knocked down the Russian reactive fighter, it is better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland
The RBS brand should be reduced to the role of the back office, according to the executive director of the Bank.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to global ambitions of the Bank.
The bank withdrew from them since it almost collapsed eight years ago and had to be saved.
In this period, brand strategists used RBS to protect other brands of consumer lending.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship for international sport, from the Cup of six nations on rugby to champion Wimbledon Andy Murray.
But it has now been decided to properly allow more national brands to reach the first plan.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish clients, but will not be launched.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the external head office and the stock exchange, will be changed on NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for banking services to private individuals, who will receive more influence - Couts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt � s Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan gave an interview during a tour of customers and employees in Invernessshire.
He told BBC Scotland: The RBS brand will eventually become our investment brand and the one in which our staff will be busy, because we are now becoming more of the bank of brands.
As the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I am now saying that we have no global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something completely different in their population groups, and our staff will work with clients under these brands.
RBS has already stated that it will not continue its sponsorship of the Cup of six nations, and it increases the profile of different brands in sponsoring the sport.
"This is a good time for us to move the bank of brands, because on the basis ( we have asked yourself ) as we focus on improving the bank for customers?
It would be very cynical three years ago if we were told we were going to be a wonderful bank for customers and shut down all these brands.
But with the work we were doing, focusing on the needs of clients, not on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can return these brands again, so I think the time is suitable.
The franchise of Dettori comes up to 3000 winners with a victory in Newmarket on addiction
Dettori smashes the champagne after the duplicate in Newmarket leads it to 3000 wins
Franki Dettori has achieved his 3,000 British victory in Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this outstanding mark with the help of his second winner of the night on his home track - on an addiction trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth joke, which has reached this outstanding mark in smooth spikes.
He follows Sam Gordon Richard, Doug Smith, Lestorom Piggott, Pthis Idderi and Willy Carson.
The three-time heavyweight champion, Dettory, who had previously won on Ghayyar, said.
I am very excited, because my family is also here
I am very glad that it happened in Newmarket, as it was here that I settled 30 years ago.
This is not a big secular event, it is not Royal Ascot - it is the usual evening of Friday with 20000 people.
I am free of affairs and very unpretentious.
Dettori takes applause when it leads to predisposition after victory
Two jokes have reached such a mark in spikes with obstacles: Champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony Macka, who had more than 4300 wins for a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, nine-time winner of Derby, 4493 victories in a career
The franc is one of the best jokes of the modern era and it is no surprise that it has reached this mark that so few have reached it.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical mix that distinguishes it from others in the weight room.
He is a great representative for the swing, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans in this sport for years.
I told Franki a few weeks ago in Eps, he would have brought 6,000 winners, if not only a burning weekend and a big spike!
And if seriously, Franki led the winners in the UK most of the 30 years, which is great to see.
He is an energetic character, which is good for British swings, but more than that, he is an incredible jockey.
The franchises of Dettori celebrated this outstanding mark of the branded rush to the horse
From the fast finish to the fast nipples, Franki Dettori is a symbol of British smooth swings for two decades.
It was ups and downs.
Many winners of the big quarterback, including his famous "Greatest Seven" in Ascott in 1996, but he also survived a plane crash and was in disqualification because of doping.
Three years ago, he first faced difficulties when he returned after a six-month disqualification, but he showed a huge power of will to challenge the skeptics and return to the form.
And he may not have finished for some time - Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue taking part in the competition for at least 50 years.
Putin dismisses the head of the administration of Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his head of the administration of Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of the trusted near circle of Putin for many years.
This 63-year-old has now been appointed as a representative for environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin says that Putin has decided to release Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian administration of the president, but did not name the cause.
Deputy Mr. Ivanov since 2012, Anton Vaughno, was appointed his successor.
Mr. Wein, 44, a former diplomat.
Born in the capital of Estonia Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Embassy of Tokyo.
Later, he was the head of the protocol of the president and the government of the government, the Kremlin website ( in Russian ).
During his appointment, he told Putin, "Thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activity as head of state in terms of the development of draft laws and control over how your instructions are carried out.
Putin told one Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov was asked to release him from this post and recommended that he would replace him.
Are the smiles convinced?
This is a move that puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of the closest supporters of Vladimir Putin and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As head of the administration, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, who was shown on state TV, both men said the head of the administration had resigned on his own Wish.
But despite the smiles on the camera, it was not enough to convince - especially now, right before the parliamentary election.
So, these are the unintended consequences of some power struggle?
So far, no one knows.
But the official statement - that the person who was once agitated as a potential president, suddenly wanted to manage Russian environmental policy - was greeted with huge skepticism.
In the remarks of Putin, quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said, "It is true that at the beginning of 2012 I asked you to trust me this very difficult position, even though one can say, a problem position, for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the presidential administration four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He had previously served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB State Security Service, like Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which was replaced by the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov among the five people he most trusted.
Once it was thought that Ivanov could become president of Russia after the second term of Putin, as the third term for Putin would contradict the constitution.
However, this post took another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister before returning to the presidency after just three and a half years.
The star of the series, Thomas Gibson, is fired after a drama with a producer
Gibson was a participant in sweating on the set of a show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce serials, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday, before it was announced his suspension.
There were creative divisions on the set and divergence of opinions.
I regret that this happened, "he said in his statement.
Detailed information on how the character of Gibson will be removed from the show, which follows the team of FBI agents, is expected to arrive later, according to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old actor, who had previously played a major role in the sitcom of Darma and Greg, was in the show from the first season in 2005.
"I love" Mother as a criminal "and invested his heart and soul over the past twelve years," Gibson said in his statement on Friday.
I hoped to be present in it until the end, but now it will be impossible.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the best fans about whom the show could only dream.
It is planned that the show will return to its twelfth season on September 28.
The mystery: The fish landed in the garden of Banfa
A man from Banfa appealed for help in the identification of fish that appeared in his garden in Banfa.
Kevin Baine believes that 75 fish could be sand left by water.
Bayne, who lives 500 metres from the sea, has laid out the shooting of this spectacle in the periscop in the hope that anyone can shed light on the appearance of two-inch fish.
Queenslanders Krossing: Bridge is now connected to Fifa
The project for 1.35 billion pounds is now to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have connected to the northern years and Viaduk Queenslanders Krossing - which means that now the bridge is connected to the Faith.
This is the first of four senses between the vectors of the canvas, which are now coming to an end near all three bridge pilots.
The section of the bridge from Fifa is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
In it 10 000 tons of steel and 20 000 tons of concrete and 46 gates of the bridge.
The project for 1.35 billion pounds should now be completed by May 2017.
The Economy Minister Keith Brown today visited the playground and was among the first to walk from the ground to the bridge.
He said, "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queenslanders Krossing.
We are all witnesses to the engineering art of a really epic scale in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and became used only for the construction of this part of the bridge.
In spite of the massive size and weight of the bridge, the end of the bridge between the viaduc and the bridge is a virtual operation with the use of extremely accurate tolerances for the Assembly.
In total, about 79% of the entire bridge is now on the spot, for the last section of the canvas of the concrete coating is cast in the Rosite today, which means that all the canvas is ready to rise to the place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, the director of the project Forth Crossing Bridge Constructions, said.
In this amazing project, it is the most modern building art.
After the installation of the last section of the road, and the connection of it with the expanding road canvas of the Northern pilot, we were left to close the remaining gap on the northern - or to the bank - side.
This was done by the viaduka of the northern approach to 700 millimeters to the South.
It was a large-scale and at the same time a very graceful operation.
Large-scale, because the viaduk length of 222 meters, weighs about 6000 tons and should have been raised to the angle of the tilt of about 3 per cent.
Graceful because the tolerances on which the team worked were tiny - just a few millimetres in each direction.
Fortunately, it was very good.
Saving in the Gulf of Mostar: Three men 'lucky to stay alive'
Three men were lucky to stay alive, after they were thrown from a fishing boat in Anglesi.
The rescue station Moelfre RNLI raised the alarm at 13: 20 on British summer time on Friday, after the team saw an incident unfolding in the Gulf of Molefr.
Three men struggled to reach a safe place, while their ship continued to go.
"We have seen how their vessel revolved next to them and assumed the worst," Moelfre Vince Jones said.
Fortunately, by the time we descended on the water, the strong wind claimed it to the side of them, he added.
The two men were rescued with the help of a local fishing vessel, and the third man of 60 years was found to be exhausted and caught in a boom without a life-saving vest.
All of them were raised on board the coast rescue boat and taken to the rescue station
Jones said, "Three men thrown into the water are fortunate that they are alive and totally unscathed.
The engine of the boat had an emergency blurring, but it was somehow taken away from the person who managed the boat when it was overhauled.
Someone guarded these guys today.
Pokémon Go, decent hunting for health and happiness
It is fascinating to observe how the world changes.
That teenagers and children no longer go out on the street to play, preferring to spend their free time looking at the screens, there was a complaint of many over the last Decade.
Pokemon Go breaks people from the sofa and involves some physical activity.
The time in the screen was initially limited to TV, then video games and recently smartphones.
It is so great to see that technologies and activity in the street are not mutually exclusive.
I am, of course, referring to the bandwagon, which is Pokémon Go, an app based on the characters originally created for video games in the 1990s ( subsequently generated a series of cartoons, playing cards and other responses ).
Like many other pop-cultural phenomena, all this has lost past relevance a few earlier than this new game became available in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries at that time was detained in connection with a mass response that overhauled the Servers.
In a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as much as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In two words, players with smartphones are going to search for poker, which are tracked by GPS and, being discovered, can be 'photographed' (through a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation, which played in the game, being younger, joined the bandwagon, separated from the sofas to search.
In the United States, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by the ordinary person daily.
Cardiogram, the app for the Apple Watch, which tracks 35,000 users, recently reported to the Washington Post that within two days from the start of the game, the number of people who were trained, who were monitored daily by 30 minute exercises, jumped from 45 per cent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who plays in Pokémon Go, it just sees primary data on passing levels.
Many health campaigns that persuade people to "find 30 minutes," "get off the sofa" and "be active every day," have not found a response because most health messages are boring and expressed by people who look unhappy.
Nevertheless, the importance of physical exercises should not be underestimated.
Those who regularly exercise reduces the chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight correction, high blood pressure, diabetes, and a long list of advantages, too long to lead here.
But the charm of Pokémon Go is that it pulls people on the street to do what they love.
Thus, three basics of health are covered: Movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even plant new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring people who are looking for to complain.
And yes, someone can stumble on the door.
And what?
The breakthrough took place.
In spite of the fact that the apps for smartphones, such as Fitbit could and earlier track our physical activity, they did not give us the reason for classes, as it gives this game.
The novelty is pressed, and the use will weaken over time.
However, due to the success of Pokemon there will be more games that will combine applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on hunting to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read the blogs of Dr. Joe at www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Beck wins gold of absolute primacy in female gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simon Beck is not vulnerable to all this.
Dynamic on the reference jump.
Relaxed on the brew.
Stunned on the floor.
Amazing everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast rose to the title of the champion on the absolute championship on Thursday, placing a gap between themselves and the rest of the world on a convincing demonstration under close Olympic attention.
Its total score of 62.198 was at a sufficient distance from the silver medalist and the teammate, Eli Raysman and Russian bronze medalist Alie Mustafina.
Bayors from the United States are performing at the gymnastics break during the final of the female individual absolute championship in art gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on thursday.
The Bayors became the fourth consecutive American woman to win the title of an absolute championship and a fifth in general, fixing his reputation as the best of his generation and perhaps ever before.
She broke up when she showed her final total score and her long journey to that moment ended.
This achievement puts it in the same league as exceptionally rare athletes, such as Michael Felps, who have raised their sports to new heights:
The Bayors have spent the last three years, dominating their sport, winning 15 medals of the World Cup - including 10 gold - with such stunned programs in their mixture of industrious and accuracy, that the Olympic champion of 1984 Mary Lu Reyton called her the greatest gymnast that I had ever seen.
One last test was waiting in Brazil, a competition not so much between the Beck and the rest in this area, how much between it and the load of inflated expectations.
Anything less than going back to the home of his family in Spring, Texas, with the throat of gold medals, would be seen as an unjustified expectation.
Simon Beck of the United States, left, and Eli Raysman are hugged after winning gold and silver respectively in the final of the female individual absolute championship in rhythmic gymnastics at the Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
The Bayors earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for a farewell party to the resignation of the coordinator of the national team Martha Karol.
While Bayles insisted that she had never looked into the future during his long journey to the top, it was not true.
Part of her program of freestyle exercises - the one that includes its company pass - is set on Latin American music, which would come right as a home on the street right outside the Olympic Arena of Rio.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl, who was beaten by his grandfather and grandmother, being a child and an open mother coach Amy Burman during a visit to the hall, where Burman was a coach, became a force.
It did not lose any competition for absolute primacy since the summer of 2013 - a strip of luck, which should continue for as long as the Bayors will want it.
Although Mustafina received a small advantage with the help of two rotations, it was a mirage.
Gymnastic logs and freestyle exercises - where the Bayles defend the title of the world champion - lie in an ambush.
She again went forward with 15,433 on the log and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Raysman gently hugged her while they waited for the final account - pure formality - and tears appeared around a shiny red with white and blue submarines, when the plan she once recorded in the album for the cut was fulfilled.
The performance of Raysman was a small place for what happened four years ago, when she shared a third place, but lost the bronze of Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old captain of the team, which the Americans call the grandmother, was much ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after his freestyle exercise of the return, which sometimes seemed to be questioned.
As for the Beck, a viral tweet of 19 years from the beginning of this week now has a completely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in case of serial killer shot while listening to music in car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died during the most deadly attack in the first serial killer of Phoenix in the last decade, sat in the car, talked and listened to music when they were shot, according to police reports published on Thursday.
Angelo Roshel Lyner, Stephanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis, Malia, were shot on June 12, when their car was parked on the road, the authorities said.
The gunman made about eight shots from the pistol, standing from the passenger side of the car, after which was hidden on another vehicle, the report said.
Police say the triple murder is apparently not the result of the robbery, as the attacker did not take the wallabies or 2,900 dollars, former at the disposal of one of the adult victims.
A Phoenix police spokesman, Sergeant Jonathan Howard, said the shooting prompted investigators to verify whether he was linked to four previous attacks.
A total of seven people were killed and two others were wounded as a result of nine attacks in two predominantly Latin American areas for four months.
"This happens in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including the brown Nissan of the late 1990s, the black BMW of the late 1990s and the white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with wounds and later died.
The liner, 31, and the daughter of Ellis, Malia, died at the scene.
The witness told police that there was nothing unusual that they were sitting in a parked car, listening to the music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shelling, aimed at an empty peak of half an hour before the triple murder, and was believed to have been a matter of the hands of the serial killer.
Investigators found guilds and extracted a bullet from the seat and fragments of bullets from the motor compartment.
Mother of a 6-year-old child with microcephalia: "Getting better"
Like most six-year-old children, Edmund Pixivto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund microcephalia is the result of the genetic violation, about which his mother Elizabeth Pixivto did not know during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was - I would not be able to do it.
I will not be able to do so.
I did not subscribe to it.
Which, in fact, is not true - of course, you sign up on this, "she said.
She and her husband Vincent said that Edmund might never know them and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even offered to put it into a specialized treatment facility.
"My first answer was:" I did not think that people were doing so, "explained Piksivto.
Edmund walks with the help of walking.
Edmund did not sit and not half the hall until he was three, and he still does not speak.
But it slowly passes some stages.
He walks with outside help and riding a bike.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows a gesture that Edmund coined for "please, Spa me."
"We teach his language of gestures," Piksivto CBS News said.
But not just the usual language of gestures - she says Edmund invented his own gestures.
Microcephalia may arise due to a number of different circumstances: Genetic such as Edmund, infections during pregnancy from viruses such as measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary considerably.
It is still too early to talk about how it will affect the lives of those infected by the Zika virus.
Piksivto recalls emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
I used to say what would happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not know.
I really did not request a forecast for the whole life, because I do not expect someone to really tell me.
But Pixivto has an encouraging council for mothers of children with congenital defects due to Zika.
Getting better.
You know that everything for you will be better.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding is the cause of rescue works in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, and more precipitation is expected to fall over the state until Saturday inclusive.
Numerous rivers in the south-east of Louisiana and southern Mississippi came out of the coast and threaten large-scale flooding after extreme rainfall, the National Meteorological Service reported.
Louisiana Governor John Bell Edwards said government officials were in constant contact with local authorities and the aid had already gone to the affected parishes.
Mike Steel, a spokesman for the Office of the Governor for National Security and Preparedness for Emergency Situations stated that there were requests for transport for high water, boats and bags with sand.
He said that only the arrival of Tanjipahoa requested tens of thousands of bags with sand.
The danger of flooding remains in force until Saturday in most of the south of Louisiana.
The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3 to 5 inches could hit the area.
In southern Alabama, duty in anticipation of the flood was valid until Friday, as the rain continued to go in the area of the mobil.
The river Quite next to Baton-Ruj and the river Emit next to Denem Springs, both in Louisiana, were predicted to set a record of the flood level last weekend.
The Sinoptics Alek Krautmann said that both rivers were able to shut down many houses in suburban areas near Baton Ruja.
He also said that a flood coming downstream in Assenshen's arrival is a threat, as these rigged rivers will slow down into the Morpa lake.
River Tikfo, just south of the Mississippi border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level at 9 a.m. on Friday morning.
Rescuers still pulled people out of the floods in the districts of Emit and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and passport were among the rescued early on Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, aged 62, says that the waters of Biver-Krick, who are usually in more than 400 feet from his home, quickly rose overnight.
He said the other graze, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water continued to come," Hansford said.
It reached the level of my belt.
His wife told Hansford that it was the biggest influx she saw in 48 years that she lived here.
Hansford said that he and all members of his family have a disability, and he is the only one who is able to swim.
Hansford said the rescue service workers rescued all three with the help of an army truck and drove them to a fire station in Gloster, where they hid on Friday.
Krautmann says the flood is rapidly spreading, as the rains continue, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported a drop of 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until the morning of Friday.
Krautmann said the soil was oversaturated with rainfall from the environment.
Heavy rain and flooding of the streets led to the rescue of residents from houses in the arrival of Tanjipahoa and the abolition of classes in five school districts, the authorities say.
WWL, a branch of CBS, reports that the advisor to Tanjipahoa has told about 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, but they are both now flooded.
The chairman of the parish Robbie Miller said the authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets in high water.
The shelters were opened in the town of Emit and the city of Hemmond to accept those who were evacuated.
"They will be able to return home once the water begins to retreat," he said.
In the town of Hemmond parish Tanjipahoi, about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels, and sand bags were made available to residents in the hope that they would keep water away from their homes and businesses.
"The last major flood, which we had, was in March," said city manager Lesia Landrum.
It is on the way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County, the head of the Emergency Service, Rupert Leysey, said that the rain continued to go on the Gulf of Mexico.
According to him, several houses were registered as flooded on Thursday, but no one was registered on Friday.
Kate Tawson, head of the Shopper Value Foods store in Einstein, lives in this area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places where I have never seen it before," Tauson said, "and she is still on the ground."
Mahaj Brown, 6, beaten by bullets, remains alive after the shootings in Philadelphia
Police report that a six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia by registering a second shooting at a 6-year-old in the city this week.
The grandmother and grandfather of the child identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj brown.
Grandmother and grandfather say, Brown received numerous gunshot wounds, including his passes, leg, hand and abdomen, but was in consciousness when he was transported to hospital.
"He got a lot, his little body was beaten by bullets," says his grandmother, Delores Melendes station.
I just can not believe it.
The boy is in hospital in critical condition and has experienced several operations.
The family told the station, which is expected to be corrected.
He had to go to the first class at a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shooting in the quarter of Jermantaun.
Also shot in three men: Two 29-year-olds and one 32-year-old.
It is reported that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; two other victims were registered in a stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found to be shot at the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old in critical condition, reports the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and the police were investigating whether some of the wounded men could be shot.
Investigators report CBS Philadelphia, which appears to have been a shootout between several armed men.
The guilds of semi-automatic weapons, attributed to different copies of semi-automatic weapons, are tired of the place of action.
It seems that it was definitely a long battle.
There were guilds on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
That is why, apparently, there were several armed fighters and they were actively involved in the shootings.
Many houses and cars in this area were also covered.
No arrests were made and the police reportedly looked at CCTV cameras.
Another 6-year-old child, a girl, was struck in the hand of a shock bullet Tuesday when she was playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane area.
She is recovering and police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simon, Gabbi and Lori
That is what I call the female Olympic team in gymnastics this year and for several reasons.
First, I was at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And the second: In this national team the key role is played by three gymnasts: Simon Beck, Gabby Douglas and Lauren Lori Hernandez, who have already inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of this national team, supplemented by Eli Raysman, who is a Jew, and Madison Koshan, who is a caterpillar, causes everyone to be proud of.
This team looks like America.
It also strengthened the black and Latin American female presence at the top of this sport.
For the last four years, the female gymnast number one was an African-American.
Last year, Simon and Gabbi were No.1 and # 2.
It is powerful.
At the last Olympics, Gabbi Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America approvingly welcomed.
Now the world could be a witness to the incredible performances of the three-time World Cup, Douglas and Lori Hernandez, performing unexpected, but nevertheless virtuoso gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American in a row, winning gold in a female individual absolute primary.
And a colleague of the national team Eli Raysman earned a silver.
We are witnessing a peak of this sport, but it does not look so in gymnastic sections across the country.
Simon, Gabbi and Lori all chose the same way as Eli and Madison to form an Olympic squad.
They are the final five, because the next Olympic team in gymnastics will have only four hymns in the team, and it is the last year of the coaching of Marta Karol.
But in reality, gymnastics is an expensive sport, and the hymns first train in private gymnastic clubs, supported by parents paying the cost of training, equipment, travel, form, fees for participation in competitions, payment of hotel services ( for trainers and their gymnasts and families ), and the list continues.
Most of these gymnastic clubs are located in rich suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where the hymns get everything from their training, and it is an expensive and long-term duty for the families of gymnasts.
Amy Burman, coach of Simons Bayle, and Maggie Hani, coach Lori Hernandez, both trained their athletes from the moment they started for gymnastics.
We need to create a more affordable and affordable training of the gymnastics of the communities of the unfortunate number of young girls, inspired by Simon, Gabbi and Lori.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
In my organizations we have already provided free and inexpensive gymnastics classes located in Garlema, for more than 15,000 city young guys ( mostly black and Hispanics ) and brought up national and international champions.
In September we will expand in Detroit ( my home town ) to provide high-quality gymnastics of youth, which deserves the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops power, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to exhausting work, discipline and persistence for the mind.
This combination has a positive impact on good health, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration of this national team to send thousands of girls to engage in gymnastics, and it is fine.
Sport is so important, especially for girls.
This is a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simon, Eli, Lori, Gabbi and Madison for this serious demonstration of the Woman Force in winning team Olympic gold and for motivating so many girls of different origin to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors have taken over the announcement of further strikes following the rejection of the proposal by Jeremy Hunt
The Ministers hoped to complete the dispute over the change by agreeing to a modified agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 young doctors who participated in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to introduce this agreement, saying that the NHS was on the bottom of the land and any subsequent delay would damage staff and patients.
The first junior doctors were transferred to a new treaty, which includes changes in labor activity at night and weekend to improve service in overtime.
Dr Helen Maccat, chairman of the committee of young doctors, BMA, said yesterday in a statement that the junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed treaty, in particular that it fuels the existing labor crisis, and that it can not apply to all doctors.
Only eight weeks before the first group of doctors will be transferred to a new contract, progress is needed.
An attempt by VMA to resolve the dispute was met by the reluctance to take action and sometimes a total silence on the part of the government.
And this is despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, encourage the introduction and respond to the concerns of junior doctors.
If he does not, then the younger doctors are unequivocal that they are ready to organize subsequent strikes.
The last step at the end of April resulted in the postponement of some 13,000 planned operations and 100,000 nurses, while nurses and consultants were recruited to ensure the replacement of doctors on the picket line.
Ministers hoped to end the dispute over the change, agreeing to a modified agreement with the leaders of the British Medical association.
VMA wants a better payment of the weekend for 54 000 junior doctors who will be subject to the agreement.
Daniel Mortimer, CEO of NHS Employers, urged junior doctors not to continue strikes.
Mortimer stated, "Strikes reach little or nothing but put pressure on the teams and services already working, and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorders to patients, sidels and their families."
Over the past two months, we have talked to the Committee of junior doctors and, together with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns about the role of guardians and corporate information policies.
The workers hoped that the continued positive assistance on other important topics - such as the distribution of staff, the flexibility of training, additional training for those returning after a break in the career, the cost of training, the mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave and gender pay in medicine - were a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education and the Health Department were going to comply with the conditions achieved by WMA in November, February and May.
The drug for 2 dollars per day can reduce the threat of a heart attack
Thousands of patients with a heart attack are going to take advantage of the drug for 2 dollars a day, after the authorities recommended giving it to more people and for a longer time.
It reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart diseases.
The drug is already appointed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
The NICE Supervisory Service of the British National Health Service advised to give it to people for four years to continue to eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
However, the NICE National Health Service has been advised to give it to people for four years to continue to eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack occurs with approximately 140,000 people in England annually, and a quarter of them have another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes arise as a result of the accumulation of fat material on the walls of the artery and the formation of blacks.
If the blueberry is torn apart, it may cause a throwback, blocking blood access to the heart and causing a heart attack.
And if the throwback is moved, it will be able to move around the blood flow and block the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who already have one attack are at greater risk of getting the other.
The tiger, produced by British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique, reduces the risk, making the trophy less likely.
The draft NICE instruction, published today, recommends that people give 90 mg of tikagrel for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day over the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, director of the medical technology assessment center, said: "Despite the existence of effective secondary prevention techniques, about a quarter of people who have already had a heart attack, there is another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of repetition can have a significant negative impact on the quality of human life.
There is evidence that the tiger, combined with aspirin, is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
We are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to many thousands of people who are ready to use it.
Because the information on the efficiency and safety of the tiger - especially the risk of bleeding - for the expiration of three years is limited, the draft instruction does not recommend treatment longer than this term.
The culture of ownership of the PC allows to flourish falsification of votes in Muslim areas.
The ex-mayor of Tauer-Hamletsa Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year because of corruption in the wake of the Government's report
The culture of political correctness led to the closing of the eyes, which turned out to be the ubiquitous falsification of the votes in Muslim communities, according to information from the devastating report of the government, unveiled today.
A former cabinet member, Sir Eric Pickles, has been criticized by the police, the electoral observers and the city administration for ignoring evidence of electoral violations because of "excessive sensitivity to race and religion."
The former secretary of the local communities, now an anti-corruption king, said that intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so strong that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect terrified voters.
He suggests that voters take identity cards to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, voters should only specify their name and address.
The report even proposes to apply unwashed ink on the fingers of people when they give their ballots, in order to exclude someone to vote twice.
It is necessary to provide better protection of informers, said Sir Eric.
It calls on the press to have greater access to local council documents and decisions adopted by informal committees or working groups.
"This is done not only in order to protect itself from electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower-Hamletse voting scandal in East London.
Last year, a special court considering election issues ruled that the incumbent Mayor Luftur Rahman had to be shifted from office in connection with a long list of corruption and illegal activities.
The Court found that Rahman had "cynically distorted" the religious feelings of its Muslim community and forced to silence his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, it was said, "led his campaign on the basis that the responsibility of the Muslim believers was to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes were questioned or were the result of the person when the person is voting, representing someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed particular concerns about fraud by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community reportedly put pressure on people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photo, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the requirement to bring their identity card to prove who you are.
His report stated: "There was evidence of pressure on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, in particular women and young people, to vote on the will of the senior, especially in the communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were fears that... State institutions closed their eyes to such behaviour because of the excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "on ethnicity and religion."
The cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the removal of political activists from working with postal ballot papers to stop the harvest of votes.
The report, at the consideration of Theresa May, also calls for tighter checks at registration to prevent the use of a list of voters for fraud with immigration and privileges.
It is considered an option to demand from voting to present the identity card before the vote.
To use unwashed ink on the fingers of people as soon as they throw their newsletter to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Carry out systematic checks of the nationality of people to ensure that they have the right to vote.
Introduce a three-year restriction on applications for an automatic postal vote.
To remove political participants of campaigns and activists from work with filled ballots and envelopes with postal vote.
To give the police the authority to set the cordons around the polling stations.
Amend the law in order to make it easier for people to be charged with intimidation according to the People's Act of 1983.
To make illegal photographing at polling stations.
To make a demand that only English is used at polling stations ( except Wales ).
To strengthen the training to ensure that the staff forces the voting to go on a weekday one.
Sir Eric fiercely attacked the city police, claiming that it was "strikingly" that he had not been charged with any criminal charges following the Tauer-Hamletsa case.
The court, which is considering election issues, disqualified Lutfura Rahman and his agent for a long list of corruption and illegal actions, he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of a reasonable doubt - a criminal standard of proof - on a number of grounds.
He also criticises the results of the election registration of the administrations of the city administrations.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tauer-Hamletse was a signal of awakening.
Our nation has a proud legacy as a mother of parliamentary elections, and yet a worrying and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the state of denial by some bodies threaten this good reputation.
Similar to the cycling analogue of Kate and other twins of the celebrities of the Olympic Games in Rio.
The fans of the 2016 Rio Olympics in Rio this week converged with the mind of the French cyclist Pauline Ferran-Prevo, which, as it turned out, was impressive like the Duke of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic Games is not the only athlete fighting for gold this summer, which can boast of his own famous double - at least according to reports in social networks.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous people who are on our screens at the moment, FEMAIL has made a list of Olympians with more than a superficial similarity to Hollywood stars.
Hunter and wolf: A member of the male team of US archers Brady Ellison, left, compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to the double Kate on a bicycle track, a lot of people online rushed to indicate how a certain beam could be the twin superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the male team of US archers, Brady Ellison, was the cause of a hurricane in Twitter, after the images of him, looking frighteningly similar to the Wolf star with Wall street.
And in fact, the archer learned about the madness of social networks and admitted that he had heard that he was like Leo since he was a child.
"I personally do not see a huge similarity, maybe with the exception of vegetation on the face," said Brady Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly indicate even more this year: A striking similarity between the British jump Greg Razerford and the popular actor Niel Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Alia Mustafina, with her large expressive eyes, is said to be an accurate copy of the Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the pool of South African swimmer Cameron Van der Burga compared the star of Hora Matthew Morrison for many years.
Moving to the more unexpected: This user believes that Nathan is a sports version of the actor.
Another long-continuing comparison was between tennis player Rafael Nadar and actor Josh Harnett, who can boast of similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
The silver medalist of the swimmer from Russia, Yulia Efimova, can boast not only the equally sunken leather and light hair as the actress AnnaLynn McCord, while Nathan Adrian of the US team, according to the fans, is similar to the sports version of Joseph gorgon Levitta.
Harsh women: Football star Hawpe Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter from Decster, right, have the same forms of face and eye
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: According to this user, there may be a reason lying on the basis of the similar appearance of this pair
One Twitter user recently turned to the site to unveil his delight that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hawpe Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
In fact, the US football star and actress Decster have incredibly similar forms of face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of the actress Lora Linney, as well as winning the gold medal of the gymnast Gabbi Douglas, who can boast of his own beautiful wide smile, which is similar to the smile of the star Gabriel Union.
The commentator of the Olympics on CBC apologises for saying that the Chinese swimmer died as a pig
The analysis of Bayron McDonald fourth place on the finish of 14-year-old Ai Yanhanh on the female relay race 4х200 m was outraged on Wednesday by CBC viewers in direct broadcast of the Olympic Games
The Canadian Broadcasting Company CBC was forced to apologise after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started as a call" and "died as a pig" during the arrival.
The commentator Bayron McDonald thought his microphone was disconnected when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final female relay of 4х200 m freestyle style.
It was possible to hear how McDonald, who was attracted to the team of the CBC commentators, to "dilute it," said: "This 14-year-old whale removed the ball, the baby."
Too excited, started as a call, died as a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Janhan, who is 14 years old, sailed the second stage of the relay race for 1: 57.79 - at 1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor Rack, allowing the Canadians to remove the lag behind China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted to the network after being shocked by tone and used expressions
Emmet McFarlan tweeted: "In fact, the CBC announcer has just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died as a pig'???"
This idiot did not understand that they were still in the air. "
About Ai Yankhan from China in the final of the female relay race 4х200 m freestyle style said: "this little 14-year-old whale has taken out the ball, the baby."
Criticism in Twitter immediately collapsed on Bayron McDonald, and many urged him to quit
Twitter users were not restrained when they heard how insensitive was Bayron Macdonald
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradiz, wrote: 'Nothing is # ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and make us like a bunch of racists.
Soon after that, Scott Russell, who led the CBC transfer, apologized in a live broadcast for McDonald's comment, saying: 'We ask for forgiveness that the comment on the melting performance has been aired. "
It was a bad choice of words, we are sorry that it happened. "
IFOR has concluded that it has apologized to more than 90 people who tweeted in response to this saying
The friend of the commentator Scott Russell had to apologize to the face of McDonald.
CBC then copied and sent their apologies to more than 90 other Twitter users, who have complained about McDonald comments
The TV network also rushed to apologise and publish the statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to enter the air.
Yesterday evening we acted promptly to apologise to our viewers in the live broadcast and our subscribers in social networks.
To be clear, the comments of Byron were treated to the performance of the swimmers, not to it as a person.
And yet it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald apologized in a live broadcast and tried to clarify his comment, saying he did not think his words would be interpreted as an attack on the person.
"I would like to take advantage of the moment to apologize for the comment I made last night after the women's relay race," he said in a broadcast of the CBC Olympic Games.
"I spoke about the performance of the swimmer, not about it personally."
"It goes without saying that there was no disrespect, and I am very sorry."
The buyer Primark was offended by a woman who shamelessly estimated the underwear in the middle of the shop
The buyers did not know where to take a look, when a woman was naked to sample the corpses, on the floor with shops in the middle of Primark.
Even worse, she estimated how she looked at them, knocked them down and put it back on the shelf.
She continued to search and eventually merited four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkston.
Shop Primark shopping centre Bouverie Place in Folkston, where a woman has estimated knitted trumpets, before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children Jenny Davidson, who was at this time in the store, said that, after an example of underwear, the mysterious woman was back and got out of the shop without buying anything.
She said, "People could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the shopping hall, she took a couple of trumpets with windowsills, filmed his own knees and trims and wearing them.
"She did not try to find anywhere else to do it - she just stood there, shameless."
"Everyone was asleep when she filmed the trumpets again, and they did not really like it because she put them back to the shelf."
She did the same with three other couples before finally decided that there was nothing that would have liked it, once again dressed up and went out.
"It does not seem that she cared for her who watched it, or that she thought of a man who would eventually buy these trims that she estimated."
33-year-old Jenny Davidson of Kent, said, "How do you think that someone is going to take home the trims that someone else has already worn, and they have not been knocked out."
The accident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added, "I make the conclusion that the staff were apparently trying to remove these items of clothing from the sale, after it has gone - well, and the better."
"I would not like to come home with a new couple of women's trims and discover that another woman was wearing and filming them, and they did not understand."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident that happened in our store in Folkston on Tuesday, 9 August."
All the goods that were discussed were withdrawn from the sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with a pistol using the theft-maga
The surrounding world is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com may help to make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Ron, Mizrachi, the master of the Federation of krai maga in New York to find out how to deal with armed robbers at a close distance.
Whether you are in front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber of his weapon.
If you approach the back, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is to unfold so that you can see the attacker and have released the line of fire.
Then you firmly squeeze the gun between your shoulder and shoulder, before hitting them in the face of the free elbow.
Then it follows the knee in the passes, and as long as the attacker gets out of pain, you pull the gun out of his hands, beat him in the face of the barrel and move back, holding the weapon on him.
For an armed, suitable front, the way of execution is similar - remove your body from the line of fire, quickly grab the gun and roll it out so that the villain can not shoot.
At the same time, move the weight to the gun and hit the attacking fist in the chest, then adjust the gun out of his grip, before moving back and aiming at it.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see how Mizrachi does.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you are not a master of theft-maga - is to give your cash.
For the traveller, the traveller Ian Wright is conducting his language in the most dirty places of Europe
A British traveller has exposed his immune system and a vomiting reflex to a serious test, denouncing some of the most dirty and disgusting places in Europe.
The presenter and author of the books on the travel of Ian Wright, 51 years, from Saffolka, held the language on the euro banknote, the perils of Circus Piccador, the button washed out in the train and the Russian public phone to prove the power of their immune system.
Before oblivious to each object, he used a hatch to show himself and to us, in which he poured in.
But the experiment, which is supposed to be a film called "The Guide to Traveler-Lizun on Inner Sile," gave some amazing results.
The idea of leasing the button in the train, which is used by thousands of others, can be extremely disgusting, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout the trip across Europe, Wright spoke to doctors and doctors about increasing intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing of the oblivious has brought him more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became known thanks to tests on the strength of his intestines, traveling around the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public peril on the railway stations to the button of the toilet, this task has undoubtedly experienced its immune system
In the film he withdrew, he said, 'Since my childhood I was totally careless about my health and I pulled a lot of different things in my mouth from the earth, eating worms and dirty water.'
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he refused is a dirty Russian public toilet.
His trial smear has demonstrated the value of the chandelier, exceeding 4000 units.
For comparison, just washed hands should be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to blame, after the value of his hatch was more than 4000 units, while just washed hands show less than 60
Wright and the Finnish dairy producer, Valio, removed the film about the traveler under the name of the Traveler Liun on Inner Sile, which demonstrates the number of bacteria in different places, for example in the toilet
In the film, he said: 'It's close to one of the worst things I had in the toilet.'
There is nothing more dirty than it is!
I am not going to be oblivious to anything, because it is merciful.
"The leadership of Traveler-Lizuna on Inner Sile" was filmed together with the Finnish producer of dairy products Valio.
The company provided Wright Valio Gefilus, which contains sour milk bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D to help accelerate the growth of intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior Vice-President Valio on snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa said: 'We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to see and at the same time could explain the benefit of probiotics.
We had a brain storm, which ended with the idea.
They argue that interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a greater context: Good and bad bacteria in our daily environment, the importance of bowel health and how it is connected to the immune system.
The growing interest in bowel health is a global phenomenon, and with the help of this documentary we were able to provide consumers with more information about it in interesting form.
I also think the film shows that we have a good sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who was the filmmaker of the film, added: "Say so: I would lose respect for Yana if he would face some of the things I asked, for example, the disgusting Russian toilet, which is shown in the film.
Naturally, some things were easier to blame, and some were quite tough.
I am glad that some of these revelations we have managed to catch on the film. "
In a survey conducted in 2015 by Valio, 84 per cent of respondents tied sour milk bacteria exclusively with a good condition of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they were used, at least sometimes, products containing added sour milk bacteria.
The family of hooligans destroyed Saltah, the municipal house of Cornuoll, on the eve of eviction
The family of hooligans left their municipal house with a loss of 50,000 dollars after they were evicted for intimidating their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shona Trebilkoka were thrown out of their property in Saltash, Cornuoll, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the real estate object, shocked officials of housing and construction cooperatives discovered this real estate object in a state of repair.
The walls were left with gaping holes, the halves were exposed, the garbage was painted on the floor and the walls were packed with graffiti.
The family is now resettled and is supposed to live in a private apartment
Donna Makewa, the dispersal in Cornwall House, said she was afraid that he would not be saved.
She said, 'It was an absolute nightmare for people here, and I don't think people should live.
There are a lot of things that need to be weighed because this real estate object is likely to be known as not a very good aspect of Cornuolla.
This family enjoys bad glory, and their name enjoys bad glory.
A couple of three sons, who lived in the real estate object from time to time, and police reports that the kingdom of horror caused by the family included fights on the street with baseball battles, intimidation of residents of nearby areas, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive screams, disputes and cronies.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease agreement, received a warrant for anti-social behaviour in June.
In a few rooms at home, which can be demolished, found old garbage
The boards of the floor in the house, in which drugs were sold in the past, were thrown out
Neighbours say they have seen fights on the street and regularly summoned police
Cornwall House was forcibly evicted from the home of her and her partner this week, after having been granted an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
The eviction with relief was welcomed by neighbours who said that their lives were turned into a narrowing hell.
One reported: 'They didn't worry no one. "
We lived next to them 20 years and it was always bad.
The number of times we have seen the police here is unbelievable.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We stood up, because it was so quiet - we are not used to it!
Now, when they finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrik, the head of the Cornwall House, said the family was unable to cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with police, and was regularly summoned by police
Garbage and old toys were scattered below the side of the municipal house
He added: "It is a shame that the lessee has not been able to take any responsibility for the conduct of her and her family, since eviction is always the last method of action that is considered by Cornwall House.
It was a very difficult case because the behaviour was marginal and their actions should have been horrifying for her watching neighbours.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, the police and members of the community of Devon and Cornuolla, who were brave to give us the information.
I hope that this development will give a little comfort to neighbours and send a signal that asocial behaviour will not be allowed.
Fitzpatrik reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said that they were a little more than 20.
A dirty mattress remaining on the floor in one of the bedrooms at home after eviction
Settlement workers will now have to remove the breasts of the garbage that surrounds the house
In 2014, police staged a search in the house and found more than 70 g of cannabis, as well as weights, corresponding supplies and 1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after having pleaded guilty to possession of drugs class B with the purpose of delivery.
She said the money went to pay tombstones for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After they were made homeless, there is information that Tanya and her partner now live in Plimut.
The walls of many rooms of the house were packed with graffiti across the surface.
Police say they will try to evict tenants who are not subject to rent rules
Angela Crow, from the police of Devon and Cornuolla, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
"This is a message for those who feel that they can behave without the charges of the prosecutor, as well as those who harm such behaviour," she said.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be allowed by the police of Devon and Cornuolla, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal came in horror when a low-flying military aircraft, barely touched the beach
In the city of Aweir in Portugal, tourists, who love to bear on the straw, were scared for their lives
The P-3C Orion Air Force aircraft flew incredibly low
The Air Force reported that he had carried out a training flight but insisted that there was no security risk
Here is the moment when terrified tourists start to panic, while the moment when the low-flying aircraft slept over a crowded beach.
On the dramatic frame, a military aircraft is visible, flying almost at a distance from hunters on the strip of sand in Awero, northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers were caught on their feet, as soon as they became understandably concerned about the noise of the aircraft engines, but not having the opportunity to see what was moving in their side through the clouds.
The incident took place yesterday evening near the town of Aweira in Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandesh, one of several holidaymakers who posted a video of the shocking take-off on social networks, said.
Nuno Arroja added: "I was surfing and sweating, there was such a feeling that the plane was going to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach Aweir were terribly scared when the plane was shown out of fog and flew at extremely low altitude
The Portuguese Air Force stated today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion was carrying out a training flight to detect fishing vessels off the shore and was forced to drop so low as it was the only way to verify them.
The pilot stated that the aircraft flew slightly lower than usual due to the lack of visibility caused by smoke from nearby burning forests, but the air force insisted that no one was subject to danger.
This summer, wildfires damaged mainland Portugal, as well as an ounce of four people on Madeira island.
The Portuguese Air Force made a statement today that the pilots had to fly so low due to circumstances - thick fog and smog from wildfires that worsened visibility
The aircraft was carrying out a training flight, and the pilots were instructed to detect fishing boats as part of the job
The HASJV system for more than a year is obligatory for sociepita, but most of the cafes and restaurants of St. Petersburg have not yet been introduced.
The checks become more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million rubles.
For more than a year, the Hazard Analysis and Criminal Control Point ( HACCP ) - risk analysis and critical control points - is obligatory for the use of manufacturers and carriers of food, as well as companies in the field of public catering in Russia, as a member of the Customs Union ( TS ).
The audit of Rospotrebnadzor in accordance with these standards in St. Petersburg started in February 2015.
But as long as officials issue fines only for individual violations of the regulation ( see the list of documents... ).
Failure to comply with the regulations in general will cost the enterprise in 600 thousand rubles for the first violation and in 1 million roubles - for the second.
As a system that takes into account the risks of working with food and preventing them, it was invented in the United States in the 1960s.
Then it was about the safety of food for astronauts.
Now the system is used in all food enterprises not only in the US, but also in Canada, and in the European Union.
Since February 2015, the HASJV operates on the territory of TS.
On the development and implementation of the system the business was 4 years ( the requirement of the HASJV appeared in the technical regulation of TS in 2011 ).
However, entrepreneurs and officials admit that most companies have not even heard about this norm.
Unfortunately, we have long been sure that the norm concerns only food production, not restaurateurs, - explained the head of the Public Council Elena Cereteli.
Now everybody is trying to catch up.
The expected deadline for the resumption of charter flights to Turkey is the end of August - the beginning of September.
But the excitement of demand they will not call, as their target audience - families with children - is already preparing for school, experts say.
The alliance of travel agencies yesterday sent a letter to the government to allow the charters.
For many Russian tourists, the issue of quality and affordable sea recreation is unresolved, because at the resorts of the Krasnodar Territory and the Republic of Crimea, most of the facilities are already booked till the end of September.
As reported in the North West regional branch of the Russian Union of Tourism ( PCT ), in case the aviation agencies of Russia and Turkey are quick to agree, the resumption of charter flights to Turkey can be expected during the month.
A clear understanding when the charters are renewed, not yet, it depends primarily on aviation authorities.
It is technically possible to fly planes in September, even in August, if the tour operators promptly build programs and agree with airlines about the right on the direction of the wrestlers, - says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director of communications and international projects of the North-West Regional Branch of the PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of charters is good news, but will not affect the balance of power in the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned from rest and prepare for school or spend holidays in other countries.
In the velvet season the tours are mostly single travelers and couples.
Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to rest spontaneously, says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract a lot of tourists if it now gives a very budget offer - 50-60 thousand rubles for a tour of two, because there are people who are purposefully waiting for very cheap tours," says Valery Rosenthal, General Director of travel agency Optio-Travel.
In other cases, the excitement is not worth it - the main mass of travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that, as there is a demand for regular flights to Turkey, the charters will also be in demand, but the excitement is not worth it.
"For Turkey, the launch of charters is now a rehearsal of the next season," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters to Turkey is a positive news for the next season," Valery Rubtsova agrees.
The Tax Code provides for the exemption from NDFL established by the legislation of compensation payments within the approved rules relating to compensation for damage caused by injury or other health damage.
The issue of workers engaged in works with harmful working conditions, milk according to the established standards is provided by Article 222 of the Russian Federation.
At the same time, the norms and conditions of extradition were established by the Order of the Ministry of Health and Social Development of Russia from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
According to this document, the free delivery of milk or other equal food products is made by workers in the days of actual employment in the work with harmful working conditions, caused by the presence of harmful production factors.
Based on these standards, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia in the present letter concluded that on the basis of abz. 2 paragraph 3 of Article 217 of the Russian Federation is exempt from the deposit of NDFL revenues in the form of the cost of milk issued by workers in the days of actual employment in the days of actual employment in the days of actual employment in the days of actual employment in the days of actual employment in accordance with the regulations of the Ministry of Health and Social Development of Russia from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
Moscow Gazstrobank has remained without the license of the Central Bank.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the Central Bank of Russia withdrew its license to carry out banking operations at the credit organization of the Active Commercial Bank, which is registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, GAZSTROYBANK JSC carried out a high-risk credit policy related to putting money into low-quality assets.
An adequate assessment of the risks at the request of the oversight body and the reliable reflection of the value of the assets of the bank led to the establishment of a credit institution for the implementation of measures to prevent bankruptcy.
In addition, the credit organization was involved in disputed transit transactions.
The bank has appointed a temporary administration for a period of validity till the moment of appointment in the tender manager or the liquidator.
The authority of the executive bodies of the credit institution in accordance with federal laws is suspended.
JSC GAZSTROYBANK JSC is a participant of the deposit insurance system.
We would like to remind you that the payment of the insurance indemnity to the depositors of the bank, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with the Federal Law No. 177 of the Federal Law on Insurance of Individuals in Banks of the Russian Federation, is provided in the amount of 100% of the balance of funds, but not more than 1.4 million rubles in aggregate per contributor.
The payment, according to the Deposit Insurance Agency, will start no later than August 26, 2016.
According to the reports, in August 1, 2016, the company occupied 335 in the banking system of the Russian Federation.
London schoolgirl who joined ISIS killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of the three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS reportedly died in Syria.
Lawyer Tashim Akunji said her family had learned of her death in Rakke, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is supposed to have been killed by a Russian air strike in Rakke, a stronghold of the group in the country, as reported by ITV News on thursday.
The Sultan was 17 years old and, according to her family, she was killed just when he planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of this is like a tombstone and a will to others that these are the risks involved in a trip to the war zone - to convince people ever to make the same choice," Akunji said.
In February 2015, Sultan and two other schoolgirls from east London sat down on a plane to Turkey and then on a bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultana family said she had married ISIS militants in Syria and became a widow for months.
Reed says Clinton will remain loyal to Garland as a candidate for Supreme Court in case of election
Democrat leader Harry Reed says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if he is elected as president.
Senate Republicans have blocked the approval of Garlande, as President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
The head of the majority group in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, claims that the next president will select the person who will be able to replace the last judge of the Supreme Court Antonin Skems.
Reed told a conference call on Thursday that he predicted that Clinton would choose Garland "with some degree of confidence."
A spokeswoman for Reed later said he did not speak to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland, and just built assumptions.
He praised Garland and said the Clinton team would not want to shake the boat with a new choice.
Garland is the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reed stated that the Republicans, who are blocking the nomination of Garlanda, are the dockers and the accomplices of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He declared that Trump was not fit for office.
Treats states that erotic calendars for 'women, as well as men'
The magazine treats cooperates with photographer David Ballmer to release the calendar for 2017, inspired by the Pirelli of the 1970s.
But instead of naked celebrities they are asked to find the next generation of top models for their calendar for 2017 with naked muses.
The president of the treats Steve Show told us earlier this year that his magazine with a large number of nude models is different from the old-fashioned Playboy because the Playboy is for men.
I do it for women.
Obviously, he thinks the calendar is too.
"We need to return to the demonstration of an eternal and classic image where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the women's body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will want to be part of this project because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can provide photos online or personally on open castings in Los Angeles and New York.
Muscovites will separate monuments about unscrupulous Internet stores.
In Moscow they are going to release a memorial that will tell you how not to become a victim of the Internet store.
This was reported by Rospotrebnadzor, writes M24.
It is reported that specialists of the department are preparing a monument, which will help citizens to properly choose the Internet shop and to recognize possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of the brochure includes several sections.
This will be general information and legislative basis, rules of delivery of goods, ways to protect their legal rights.
The application will be given recommendations on how to properly make a claim and so on, - they were told in Rospotrebnadzor.
The memorial is now being completed.
Subsequently, it will be placed on the site of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has published a statement calling the name of the second suspect in the organization of diversion in Crimea.
Persons from the number of citizens of Ukraine and Russia, who were assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts, were detained.
Among them are Panov Yevgeny Alexandrovich and Zahtey Andrei Romanovich.
"All of them give confessions," the report said.
Earlier, a resident of the Zaporizhzhya region, Yevgeny Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in Crimea, admitted his guilt on interrogation.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service of Russia ( FAS ) has appointed an administrative penalty for Google Corporation in the amount of 438 million rubles, the agency said.
The penalty for Google for violating antitrust legislation amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will perform our decision and pay the penalty in the near future.
In the course of the investigation, the FAS established that Google supplies smartphones that are sold on the territory of Russia, the Google Play app store only provided that the device will be installed and other applications of the corporation.
Among these applications is the search system, which should be placed on the main screen of the smartphone.
Thus, the corporation violates Article 10 of the Federal Law on Protection of Competition ( abuse of dominant position ).
We are sure that the execution of the injunction will provide an opportunity to develop competition in the mobile software market in Russia, which will have a positive impact on our consumers.
The Law on Protection of Competition is to be followed by all companies whose products are supplied to the territory of the Russian Federation, and transnational corporations, including the head of the Department of Communications and Information Technologies of the Russian Federation Elena Zaev.
The Office is suspected of collusion 16 Russian stores.
The New Book Network was fined for selling the book 50 days before my suicide.
The chain of shops of the New Book has been fined for the sale of the book of Stein Kramer for 50 days before my suicide, the city news agency reported.
As reported in Rospotrebnadzor, not to specify the amount of fine, the text of the book may be considered as "instigating or motivating for the suicidal behaviour of children and adolescents."
Ostankinsky District Court confirmed the violation of the established requirements of distribution among children of information products and ordered to prescribe a punishment in the form of a fine with confiscation of 49 copies of printed products, arrested by Rospotrebnadzor.
The source in the New Book confirmed that it was about the production of Stein Kramer.
In March this year it was reported that, in the largest bookshops in Moscow, there were checks on the presence of the book 50 days before my suicide.
The evening of the memory of Ernst Unknown will take place in Moscow.
The evening of the memory of the sculptor Ernst Unknown will take place in Moscow, TASS reported.
The event will take place on August 15 at the Central House of Writers.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to the unknown in the US personally.
Therefore, it was decided to arrange this evening for those who want to remember him on their native land, - stated in the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
They noted that it was important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends all over the world.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Earlier, it was reported that the relatives of Ernst Unknown were planning to carry out a panic on the sculptor in New York, presumably until August 14.
The end consumer blame: Who actually buys the discs?
The lonely men of the middle age love vinyl.
And as long as you have not rushed to cover the section of the comments of rough insults under the pseudonym Nealdinokiemen, this statement is derived from the actual data.
According to YouGov, so many discussed revival of the disc is conditioned not by a boom among the generation of two thousand, who want to penetrate the novelty material subject, and the nostalgia of the middle years.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album with a large share of probability are aged 45 to 54, according to the data.
Moreover, those who belong to the 18-24 age group are least likely.
It is also not just an act of gathering lovers - it has an emotional meaning: More older buyers are more likely to hold their feelings in themselves ( 56% vs. 53% ) and enjoy loneliness ( 69% vs. 66% ).
But are the results of YouGov correct?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would have followed me while I would go to the center of the busy street Soho, in a humble grey suit and chewing in front of a stop, folding hands, and saying something suggestive like: "So, let's see."
So, let us see.
While the heart of Soho is slowly deprived of its charm and dirt - hotels, cafes, PaperSmart shops, the buildings once occupied by independent sellers - a few music shops with fantastic specialists still remained.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next stage, in which I am close to different people in some of these shops and try to assess their age and emotional mood with the help of observation.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55, for whom I walked from Sister Ray ( counting the data: Two young women, three men of middle-aged men ), in London half a day to hold a meeting, and walk shopping to take a few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I think yes," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4,000 plates.
These discs, depicted above ( he sent me an e-mail picture, I did not pursue it before the house ), go lines on the walls of his living room.
His reason for acquiring such a huge number of albums and singles partly follows from his disposable income: He can now buy the plates that he could not afford when they only went out, and to buy the items he sold when he was young and on the chalk.
"Much of what I buy is the end of the 1960s, the beginning of the 1970s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy the plates are most likely to be introverts, who like their own company, adding: I do not smoke, I do not drink very much.
This is my drawback.
West, 25, who works in Sister Ray, also believes that many of the clients he meets are consistent with the YouGov profile.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people under the influence of noise in the media, people who heard about the return and felt the duty to buy their old discs.
Judging by the conversations I had, people got rid of their collection, as a rule, approximately in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their discs, "he says.
This may explain the boom among the figures of the revival of a certain age.
And what about the alleged emotional importance of the plate?
It is enough to spend a few seconds in the store, such as Phonica, to understand that the shops of the plates offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to West, some older clients, in particular, are offended by the non-cash payment system.
Some lovers of vinyl can feel a shock from the digital world and prefer to be removed in the consistency of familiar envelopes for plasters, items that awaken memories of the serene youth.
"I think that sometimes it may be the filling of emptiness or possession of material things as a kind of calm," says Wesz.
As I am a collector, I have it, and I think that many people too.
This is a simple way to take your head.
"We are like their social workers!"
The ICM poll in April showed that almost 50 per cent of people who bought a vinyl album last month have not yet listened to it.
The poll also found that 41% have a player they never use, while 7% of those who buy vinyl are not the player of the plate.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably have looked seriously bewildered, breaking the racks with the collections of Bosano.
The trophy aspect of the revival is what Johnny has noticed, 42 years old, which works in Sounds of the Universal ( counting the data: Three men of the middle age ).
"Someone came recently and said," I don't have a disc player, but I want to buy the Radiohead disc so that we can put it to the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More component, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't have a disc player."
These are younger people, not older ones, they are a little less than twenty, who are only familiar with it.
Fopp, which has now taken almost the entire floor of the wine, is a much more diverse audience when I come.
There are couples, who are 70, tourists who are photographing, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - the last blue and sex-pop Wild Beast rather than jazz improvisation, punching through the columns - it is nice to see diversity in their customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but a tortuous psychological trauma is difficult to set for 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27 years old, walked on Fopp for a few minutes, looking at various plates available in the sale.
She looks at the goods, not spending money.
She does not earn a lot, she says, so to collect the disc is not a very suitable option.
It is expensive.
Listening to music on a computer or other device is simple, but the beauty of the vinyl is that..., - it is immersed in dreams with a breath, crowded with love.
I do not know how to explain - it is really unique.
My last stop is the store, which is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of lovers: City fashions.
As long as I create the illusion that I consider jeans wearing shorts, I observe a group of adolescent girls, every minute gathered around the Polaroid camera, before the father and his daughter begin to discuss the purchase of the Crosley player.
On the left is a staircase, the wall of which is tired of the plates of Adele, Jeffrey Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Flitwood Mek: A mixture of modern style and classics, mandatory plates for any average collection.
No one looks - perhaps because they are just an adornment, some are located so high on the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
This is a true "artistic vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects may mean more money for the industry and to send several customers to the depths of Soho for a while, almost not to complain.
It is not surprising that the layer of the population, which is more likely than the majority has more time and money than most - is the layer that spends most of the money on luxury items, such as vinyl.
But as long as my findings show that the results of YouGov are accurate, at least in the shops of Soho, they do not exclude the existence of a huge number of women collectors and lovers of wine that exist in reality, in the shops of the plates and on online forums.
These people are likely to work in school or offices.
But they clearly do not spend the morning of Thursday, walking on the shops of the plates on Berwick Street, breaking the plates and avoiding the views of an unpleasant 30-year-old fake presenter, who is hanging over the shoulders of non-suspected middle-aged men.
Greenland polar shark - the most long-lived vertebrae animal - video report
The scientists say that the Greenland polar shark has the greatest life expectancy of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nilsen, who is investigating these sharks, says the record has put a female age from 272 to 512 years and a length of five meters
French court rejects offer to demolish shops in Jungli refugee camp
The French court rejected the offer of Kale authorities to demolish dozens of home-made shops and restaurants in the Jungli camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, the Kale authorities argued that the state should be able to demolish a total of 72 home-made stores, where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer to cut or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40r ) or the simplest dishes for a few euros in home-made restaurants.
The Kale prefecture stated that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy, which does not pay taxes, and because they carry fire and sanitary risks.
Humanitarian groups have told the court that shops and restaurants are vital, claiming that free meals offered by the government association and other groups do not provide enough food for growing numbers in the camp.
They argued that home-made shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those who need it.
The court of Lille ruled that there was no legal basis to remove people, managers of 72 home-made shops, but stated that the problems of the Kale prefecture were completely clear.
Judge Jean-François Molla said that bakers, cafes and restaurants played a much larger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely shaky conditions."
He said the space provided calm points of the meeting of refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was threatened by the demolition was the child cafe of the Book of Jungle at a camp that works not for the benefit and offers 200 meals a day, classes in English and French language and consultation on the provision of asylum for hundreds of vulnerable minors without escorts in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect children's cafes.
The letter sent to the Guardian stated that its closure would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are not older than eight years.
Two charitable institutions, Assistance to Refugees and L' Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number in the Jungli camp rose and exceeded 9,000 people - the highest in history - after a sharp increase in the new arrivals during the summer.
The libraries of microbes invite young freesters to the cognitive programs.
This week, the libraries will hold meetings dedicated to the Day of the city, the Year of Russian Cinema and even the Day of Physical Culture.
The programs are aimed at the children audience, so the most part will take place in the game form.
Today, on August 10, the library and branch office № 2, in the area of the micro-district, invites you to the cruise presentation.
On August 11 in the library-branch # 1 there will be a local lore hour "I live in this city, I know this city."
In the library-branch No. 2, on the same day there will be a multimedia lesson of the "Earth's past fate."
And in the library-branch No. 4 in Surazhevke - the game program "Film, film, film."
On Sunday, August 14, for the guys from the northern micro-district, the library and branch office № 3 will carry out the game program.
Britain stops on silver in rugby-7 after the Fiji master class allows them to take gold
The impressive series of Britain in rugby-7 was broken down on the final obstacle by the Fiji team in the final Thursday evening, when they were completely defeated by 43-7 at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji was given a master class on the possession of the ball, divorce, evasion, support of the game, running lines and rough power to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - the third in Britain a day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic tournament on rugby - 7, in which New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa won.
The painful beating of Boks, 7 to 5 in the semi-finals earlier on the same day, could return to negatively affect them in the FINAL.
But, in spite of that, Fiji in such form won as best as a team of 15 people.
It may be some consolation for Britain - but probably not - that at least one Briton will hang tomorrow on the neck of a gold medal: The head coach of Fiji - Ben Ryan, the former head of England from Wimbledon.
It was some journey for the UK.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game on Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost just one.
These strikes will cause pain, but progress is astounding.
Fiji has begun to be great, for the sake of fun to beat UK attempts to intercept the ball.
It was like a column of moving buses for Captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the champions of the World Series went up 5 to 0, when Osea Kolinisau jumped into the corner.
Having four minutes on the clock, Jerrir Tuwai added another touchdown on the right flank, which was implemented.
12-0 and Britain barely reached the ball.
The great attempt to intercept Mitchell kept the man-mountain of Leona Nakaravu to score a third, but it only detained Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua made a tachdaun in the right corner, and the United Kingdom lost 17-0.
Nakarava added another after the resumption and on the clock was still more than a minute... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravovo then broke through a few more sluggish attempts to intercept Britain and the storm took the line to get a point.
The implementation led to 29-0 during the break.
It looked as if Fiji had been born to play in rugby-7, while Britain still mastered the craft.
Which is largely the case.
The UK carried out a mass replacement for half of the game, and they bought the Fiji damba... for all four minutes, that according to the standards of the first half it was good until Joshua Tuisova was after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed an attempt for Britain, making a tachdaun in the left corner to score 36 to 7, but the game was long on the way of the islanders of the South Sea, whose fans sang, waving flags and danced in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William garnered a Fijian cake that did not need to adorn, another attempt in recent seconds.
There was a whistle, Fijians hugged, and Britain fell on the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier on the same day, Fiji defeated Japan 20 to 5 in its semi-final, and Britain was a little bit of South Africa in a tense semi-finals of one attempt to everyone - the difference of British implementation.
Kayl Brown prints Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton with the help of some great work of the legs tore the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
The brilliant last attempt to intercept Marcus Watson, the brother of 15 to the team of England, Anthony, secured the victory - and eventually a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning are inspired to win a rowing battle of coach with cancer
There will be no more exciting gold on these games, and it is about something.
From the first movement to the last, 220 heavy lifts in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have found an additional value of their golden moment on Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two that pulled the spring, in this boat there were three votes, echo coach Robina Williams has always been striving for a second consecutive Olympic gold in female parks, the first women in the annals of British sports, who have reached such a height.
Their superiority was absolute, eventually it was their 39th undefeated performance, again unprecedented.
What we can see, two brilliant athletes, moving on the surface with the elegance of the swans, do not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
For each gold, the battalion of ready hands, which contribute to gradually mounting victories, which are important, and there is no hand that was more important than the hands of the trainer, who was diagnosed with cancer 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know whether he would live before seeing this day.
As he said, it was a dangerous thing.
I had a bladder cancer, which is one of what they can operate, and they did.
If they do not, it goes everywhere.
It could be quite a bad situation.
It is a little bit changing your species to the future.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky he could start treatment in early 2014 in the interseason, keeping the schedule gap minimal, if it could be the right expression in such circumstances as these.
I needed payment, so I needed to be managed quickly.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and strolled around the office - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet, although they were talking quite a few steps.
That is how it begins.
The rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a little more.
The next moment after the victory of their first thoughts were about Williams, who spent a nervous morning, talking a little more than usual, in an effort to overcome his own experiences.
Stanning, the captain of the artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan for his shoulders, said.
It only confirms how much it means for me, how much I and Helen worked, and Robin too.
It was fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robina we would be anyone, so huge thanks to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not and ask for a better partner for training or better training.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanley did not lose any race in five years.
This pair sets a tense rhythm, which their competitors could never comply.
Even in the last 500 metres when New Zealand and Denmark teams started to approach, Stanley and Glover had too much in stock.
We were heavily in the phase.
Helen called: 'Stay in the process, stay in the process. "
It is very important now.
We had a good start, and at the same time we did not try to do something amazing.
We did not wait for fireworks today, we were just waiting for a good sin and to go out and win this race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to solve their future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on her own with the television adventurer Steve Bexshol.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say it was my last race.
It would mean too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to realize that I was an Olympic champion.
It was all so new, and I was so tense.
It took about four minutes.
I feel so better, "she said.
The government has extended the term of destruction of sanctions products
The government has extended until the end of 2017 the term of destruction of food, which is forbidden to import into Russia.
The corresponding decree was signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it is published on the official site of legal information.
The embargo on countries that have imposed anti-Russian sanctions due to the situation in Ukraine was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban was repeatedly extended, now it is valid until December 31, 2017.
Russia is not allowed to import some types of agricultural products, raw materials and food from the United States, EU countries, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, meat and meat products, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruit and dairy products were banned.
The recycling of food imported into the country bypassing the embargo has been held in Russia since August 2015.
In the first quarter of 2016, about 100 tons of banned products were seized.
Hunting for a "ban"
Rains and thunderstorms are expected on Friday in Moscow.
Through the metropolitan area, the atmospheric front will take place, which will bring precipitation and reduce air temperature.
During the day the air is warming up to 25 degrees of heat.
Thus, on the night of Saturday in Moscow there will be short rain, possible thunderstorms and gusts of wind up to 15 m.
The day is expected to rain with thunderstorms and wind gusts up to 12-17 m / s.
Rains with threats are also forecast in Orlovskaya, Kursk and Voronezh regions.
In the next working week, precipitation is unlikely.
The WTO panel found that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil contradict the rules of the organization.
Import rates exceed the commitments made by Russia in joining the WTO.
"This is the first time that the WTO has made a decision against the Russian Federation," it said in a message on the official website of the organization.
However, the referees stressed in their conclusion that the European Union did not provide sufficient evidence that Russian measures were "systematic" or "comprehensive."
Russia, in its turn, has promised in the near future to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the report of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
On July 4 it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization for the actions of Russia, which has imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in the statement of the Government of Ukraine.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that US behavior in resolving controversial issues in the WTO undermines the principles of the discussion.
Such an announcement was made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other members of the WTO because of the refusal of Americans to approve the second term of South Korean judge Chan Son Hwa.
In this regard, Russia will not apply to the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation.
WTO is an international organization established in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
It now includes 162 countries.
Russia joined it in 2012.
In the administration of the President, the head of the president
Russian President Vladimir Putin has appointed head of his own administration of former deputy Sergei Ivanov Anton Vait.
Vladimir Putin has held a reshuffle in the presidential administration and expressed hope that the new head of his administration would contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In his turn, Anton Vaughno during the meeting stated that he considered an important anti-corruption work, which he started to carry out as head of the administration of President Ivanov, and promised to cooperate with the government.
Earlier, Izvestia wrote that experts consider the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov from the post of the administration of the administration of transparent and understandable and reshuffle nothing fundamentally change in the activities of the Kremlin administration.
They note that the manager, who was working in the administration of the president for a long time, has effectively built the activities of the AP.
Instead of him, the deputy head of the administration, Anton Wein, is a man who knows the specifics of this work.
In Poland, it is possible that they will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The state Polish oil and gas company PGNiG does not rule out that, in a few years, gas supplies from the Russian Federation may become unattractive for it due to refocusing on fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was announced by the Vice-President of the Polish Finance Company, Bohuslav Mazhez.
His words broadcast TASS.
It may happen that we will not buy gas ( Gazprom ), we are now diversifying our supplies.
Within the next four years, the main areas of supply for us will be the East, raw materials from LNG terminals and Norway.
Currently, Gazprom occupies a dominant position in gas supplies to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNiG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half of 2016 set it almost 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% above the level of 2015.
The share of the Russian gas giant in the procurement of PGNiG rose to 49,8% compared to 40% a year earlier.
It should be reminded that on July 22, the antitrust office of Poland did not agree on the creation of a joint venture of Gazprom and its European partners to build the Nord Stream gas pipeline.
A month earlier, Poland left a request for Gazprom to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas on Several Stream 2.
This was announced by the deputy chairman of the board of the holding Alexander Medvedev.
The auction for the capacity of North Stream 2 will take place in 2017, and in autumn 2016 it is planned to hold an auction on its laying.
At the end of May it was reported that Gazprom is not planning to take any action in connection with the intentions of the Polish side to abandon long-term contracts to supply gas from Russia after 2022, said Deputy Chairman of the Board of the company Alexander Medvedev.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year the Poles only increased by 42% of gas purchases from the Russian Federation.
Gazprom Neft and LUKoil have formed a joint oil and gas venture to implement projects in hydrocarbon production, the two leading Russian energy companies said on Friday, rian.ru reports.
Earlier, the Polish company appealed to the court to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
Let us remind, the authorized government of Poland on gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimsky said that the Polish authorities decided not to extend the contract with Gazprom to supply gas.
The contract of Poland with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the authorized government of Poland on gas and energy infrastructure, Peter Naimsky, stated that his country in six years could abandon the supply of blue fuel from the East.
According to him, Warsaw plans to build a new supply terminal for liquefied natural gas Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country to the Norwegian shelf.
Nord Stream 2 envisages the construction of two gas pipelines with a total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas per year from Russia to Germany under the Baltic Sea.
A special monitoring mission ( SMM ) has increased the number of observers near the border of Ukraine with Crimea.
This was announced by the first deputy head of SMM in Ukraine Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that SMM has increased the number of observers in this area," he said, responding to the relevant question of journalists, RIA Novosti reports.
According to the OSCE, the situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea is calm, incidents affecting security are not recorded.
The observers monitored the situation at three crossing points across the Russian-Ukrainian border.
On the net there was a video landing at the airport of Ufa passenger jet Yak-42, which rolled out outside the runway for 400 m and fell asleep on the left wing.
The video was published by the channel 360.
The emergency took place at 4.30 Moscow time.
The Red Air Airlines flight arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place, the victims did not.
The aircraft itself was transported to the parking lot.
Ufa airport works in the normal mode.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN Special Commission is investigating the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, but the UN special envoy on Syria Steffan de Mistura considers the fact to be undeniable.
Such statements were made on the eve of the third round of inter-Syrian talks, which are due to start at the end of August in Geneva.
UN specialists have launched an investigation into the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information on the terrorist attack with toxic gas, allegedly chlorine, appeared on August 2.
At that time, the opposition stated that in the area where the Russian military transport helicopter was knocked down, the aircraft dropped bombs with toxic substances, but in Moscow, the charges were called in Moscow.
Later, the Ministry of Defence of Russia accused the opposition group Harayat Nur al-Din al-Zinki.
Soon it was revealed that the started toxic gas bombs were two.
This was confirmed by the BBC one of the victims.
"A few minutes later I felt the smell of the gas, the beginning of burning eyes, it became difficult to breathe."
As a result of the attack, at least 7 people died, 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of toxic gas is confirmed by experts, the actions will be regarded as a war crime.
The UN Special Envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told reporters.
The inadmissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes is prescribed in the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC).
Although all parties to the Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015, human rights defenders recorded 35 cases of the use of chlorine by the Syrian army against moderate opposition.
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that the shelling of its areas is carried out daily, and terrorists prevent the withdrawal of residents from the city.
According to Reuters, the UN is waiting for Russia to establish a humanitarian pause in military action.
The current regime of the daily three-hour silence in the organization is not enough to help almost 2 million civilians trapped in the trap.
An adviser to Staffan de Mistura on humanitarian issues, Ian Egelann, said that for delivery to the city of help and evacuation from the sick and wounded each week would require a 48 hour ceasefire.
But the Russian delegation confirmed the readiness to sit with us at the negotiating table.
The consultation in Geneva between the United States and Russia on the establishment of a humanitarian pause continues.
How Russia opened humanitarian windows in Aleppo.
In the face of the ongoing battle for Aleppo - the second largest Syrian city - Russia on August 11 announced the introduction of a three-hour regime to end hostilities, which will operate daily since thursday.
The creation of humanitarian windows is intended to provide conditions for delivery to the city of medicines, food and items of first necessity.
The decision of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation was taken against the background of increasing international pressure on Moscow with a demand to shut down military operation and to facilitate the resumption of the negotiation process.
As a result of a series of explosions at the resorts of Thailand, four people died.
Several explosions broke out in southern Thailand on Friday morning.
As a result of the attack, four people were killed and 19 were wounded.
The epicenter of the explosions took place on the town of Hua-Hin.
Among the victims were ten foreigners, citizens of four states, Russians are not among them.
Responsibility for the incident has not yet taken any of the terrorist groups, but the Ministry of Internal Affairs rushed to declare that the Islamists were not involved in it.
Several people were detained on suspicion of organizing the explosions.
According to preliminary data of the local police, the scale and features of the explosions show that they were directed against the head of the military.
The attacks took place at popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in the Phuket area and the town of Hua-Hin, Trang and Surat-Thani.
After the arrival of the military junta to power in the country in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2% ( 2012 ) to 2.8% ( 2015 ), but tourism remained one of the few industries that showed development.
In 2016, the country has already visited 14 million people, which is 1.5 million more than in 2015.
The first suspects in preparation and organization of attacks have already been detained, police Colonel Crisana Patanacharoen said.
As long as it is early to talk about the purposes, he added, however, in the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the country, it is sure that they are not connected with international extremist groups.
It is too early to draw conclusions, - said Mr. Patanacharoen.
But we know exactly that these incidents are not directly related to any kind of terrorism, in fact it is local diversions, and we are trying to establish the identities of those behind them.
The explosions took place on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand Sikrit.
The Thai junta considers the protection of the monarchy one of its top priorities, so the incident is likely to be directed against it.
According to the General Police of Sithitea Shrisopacharoenrat, the bombs were detonated remotely with a difference in half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on the busy streets filled in restaurants by tourists.
It is already known that one of the four dead was a Thai girl who traded street food.
The identities of the other victims are still unknown, but it is known that they are residents of four foreign states.
According to the royal police of Thailand, among them four citizens of Germany, three subjects of the Netherlands, two citizens of Italy and a citizen of Austria.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Local experts also link the bombings to the August 7 referendum, in which 61.4% of the population of the country supported the draft new constitution.
He was preparing a commission to develop a constitution appointed by the military junta.
It was necessary to decide whether they supported a system in which the upper house of parliament was fully appointed by the military and had a significant role in the election of the Prime Minister of the country.
The new system was adopted and will first be tested in the 2017 parliamentary election.
Let us remind you that on May 22, 2014 in Thailand there was a military coup under the leadership of the commander of the army of the country.
In this step, he said, the army was driven by an ongoing political crisis and a lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military established the National Council of Peace and Order, imposed curfew hours and censorship, dispersed the protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How Bangkok was in an emergency
The government of Thailand, led by Premier Yingluck Chinavat in January 2014, announced a state of emergency in Bangkok and adjacent to the capital of the provinces.
The special regime lasted 60 days.
As in Bangkok, two explosions broke out.
In January 2014, in the centre of Bangkok at the monument of Victory, where one of the main protests took place, there were two explosions that affected 28 people, five of them were in critical condition.
The explosions produced unknown on motorcycles.
The authorities intensified security measures in the capital and attracted military forces to protect demonstrators.
In the dry Loga, the development of conditions began.
As reported by Kommersant, the government has been asked to coordinate the draft terms of the auction on the gold mining deposit of Suky Log with the preservation of two key restrictions.
The auction is offered not to allow the company, where 25% and more belongs to foreigners, and those applicants, in the capital of which will not be at least 25% of the state.
Industry participants do not expect the government to rewrite the conditions, noting that many players are not at risk of taking a difficult and expensive project.
The auction can be announced in August, and to hold - in October.
The Ministry of Nature has contributed to the government the draft order and conditions of the auction on the largest undeveloped gold mining field in Russia Suky Log ( Irkutsk region, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces ), told two sources of Kommersant, familiar with the situation.
The project was introduced on Wednesday evening, clarifies one of them.
The Ministry of Nature confirmed Kommersant that the project was put into the government.
The representative of the deputy prime minister, Alexander Khloponin, told Kommersant that the project was not yet in the apparatus of the official.
The auction may be announced in August, immediately after the government is released, and taking into account the deadline for collection of applications of potential participants ( not less than 45 days ) the tender may take place in October, - say in the Ministry of nature.
According to Kommersant, the project preserved two key requirements for potential participants registered in the variant, which was sent to the coordination of ministries and FOIs in July ( there is Kommersant ).
The first one is the presence in the capital of applicants not less than 25% of the state.
The second is the refusal to access the auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of the federal - 57 on foreign investment in strategic societies.
According to two stated in the draft articles of the FZ, as already written by Kommersant on August 2, the auction may not allow companies whose beneficiaries ( 25% of shares and above ) are not tax residents of the Russian Federation or have dual citizenship.
The government has the right to introduce such restrictions, as Suky Log refers to the non-drama of federal value ( reserves of more than 50 tons of gold ).
The Ministry of Nature confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but refused to comment on the details before the Government's order.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Who lobbied the restriction on the admission of foreigners, the interlocutors of Kommersant do not specify.
But this is in the spirit of time: Not to give control in the largest field of gold in Russia against the background of Western sanctions, - says Kommersant, who is familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The head of the Ministry of Nature, Sergei Donskoy on August 1, stated that foreigners could go to the consortium if the applicants would attract them as a financial structure, technological partners.
The interlocutors of Kommersant think it is unlikely that the government will adjust the conditions.
The main candidate for Sukhoi Log in the industry is the consortium of the largest gold producer of the Russian Federation.
According to Kommersant, in July, the partners set up a joint venture in the company, where the company has 51% of the share, the structure of Rostekha ( 49% ).
In Rostov, he declined to comment, in Polyus, Kommersant stated that he was interested in this action, and they have all the necessary competencies and resources for its development.
But the final decision on the possibility and format of our participation will be taken after the announcement of the conditions.
ALROSA may participate in the auction, but the decision for the government of the Russian Federation was told by the sources of Kommersant.
The possibility of participation in the development of Sukhoi Loga was stated by Russian GV Gold and Canadian Kinross, developing assets on Chukotka, while Polymetal and Nordgold, according to Kommersant, are not interested in the asset.
Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Most potential applicants scare not only the amount of investment, but also the complexity of the project.
In the pension market the largest deal M & A - KIT Finance Pension Administrator has launched the process of unification of four sub-control NPPs.
As a result, the Pension Fund will be established with the amount of savings of about 373 billion rubles.
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you.
The reorganization is carried out in agreement with the Central Bank in accordance with the requirements of the failure to comply with the conditions of the current agreements, - said in the message of the company.
The association is held on the basis of the Pension Fund ( Pension Fund ).
According to the general director of this NRL Oleg Bachloshitsky, the association of funds allows to solve several tasks: Expansion of geography of presence, concentration of resources for development, reduction of costs, replication of the best practices of each of the funds and optimization of corporate management.
According to him, the estimated deadline for consolidation is the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the association, the Pension Fund will become the largest player in the market.
According to data on March 31, the volume of pension savings of combined funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
As follows from the reports on the site of the funds, the beneficiaries of their owner - KIT Finance Pension Administrator - is currently Anatoly Gavrilenko ( through the sub-control LLC owns 65% ) and the National Gas Fund ( 35% ).
However, the group itself has launched much later competitors.
Thus, the sub-control group O1 "Future" has absorbed the "Stalfund" at the beginning of the current year.
Currently, this joint NPF joins Uralsib and the Russian Standard.
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to
The active work on consolidation of funds from April is going on and in the pension group Safmar - the European Union, Education and Science and the Regional Fund should be in charge of Safmar till the end of the current year.
In 2017, the NRL will join them.
The association of funds will provide the effect of increased control over risks, operating processes and expenditures, - noted in the pension group Safmar.
The pause in the association of funds, which was held by KIT Finance Pension Administrator, may be caused by several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, the NRL could not buy more than 40% of the volume of infrastructure bonds, in which the group was actively placed.
After amendments to the Central Bank in March this year on a number of issuers, corresponding to the requirements of the regulator, there are no such restrictions.
If necessary, the whole issue can buy one major player.
Several executives from the top 15 on assets of another possible cause of pause are called separation of spheres of influence and, as a consequence, personnel appointments in a single fund, which were to be agreed by the owners of the group.
Yesterday, Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
At the request of Kommersant, the Gas Fund also did not Answer.
Although the consolidation of funds is a laborious and week-long event, on a long distance, this decision will be justified.
As the general director of the consulting company, Sergey Okolesnov, the general director of the consulting company, Sergei Okolesnov, has less otters, and the accession will allow to stabilize the base of other funds of the group.
At the same time, there will be a more successful experience of NRL Finans and Promagrofund in the construction of retail sales, as well as the use of more modern software.
The requirements of the Central Bank to the processes and frames of the NRL are constantly growing, so to duplicate the infrastructure on four funds under a single investment policy is inexpedient, says Pavel Mitrofanov, managing director of corporate ratings.
"The effect of the reduction of duplicate functions will clearly overturn the possible costs of unification," Mr. Mitrofanov said.
The cost of unification of four funds Sergey Okolesnov is estimated at 30 to 50 million rubles.
The cost of the content of four funds of such sizes amounts to about 400 million rubles a year, while consolidation in the medium term the budget is actually cut twice, - I am sure Mr. Okolesnov.
In Russia, it was the first time in the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Academy of Scien@@
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you.
The terrified baby was picked up by a dragon, which became a human baby and a gentle nanny, and a dedicated friend.
PiT calls his friend Elliot, in honor of the puppy from the book of fairy tales, plays with him in catching up and falls asleep.
Six years later, his, having grown up and in a naïve bandage, is no longer to distinguish from the other smiling forest of the forest - Maugli.
In this form Pita and discovers a red-haired woman, Greens ( Bryce Dallas Howard ), while the brigade of Gary ( Karl Urban ), the brother of her husband, aggressively rolls the forest.
Now she will have to not only believe in the existence of a dragon, but also to help save it.
PiT is an accelerated course of "being a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear shirts, a moral code in the heart, and smiles dazzling than in any advertisement.
No character looks and does not act too terribly so that the viewer really begins to hate or fear.
Even Givine, who opened the hunt on the atypical inhabitant of his forests, is far from an inexhaustible villain.
The huge fluffy dragon, too, was not terrible, with a good muzzle of bulldozers, an airliner of the wing and the ability to become invisible.
The dragon is funny, murky, even cartilage and, fortunately, does not speak, but it is all the time I want to smooth, it is profitable different from all the famous cinematic dragons.
The visual image of Elliot and his manner is to provide such a high degree of emotional involvement, which in the most tense moments is beginning to be desperate to dig in three streams not only small viewers, but also adults.
Surprisingly good and little-old Owks figure in the role of Pita, torn between a possible family and a real friend.
And Robert Redford virtuoso issues a canonical grandfather, who would be happy to have literally every child.
As the director David Loury managed to remove a fantastically cute reprimand of the forgotten disco of the film The Dragon Pita of 1977, mediocre from the nose to the tip of the tail and remembered only the mix of animation and game cinema, and to make it the most heartfelt film of this summer?
Not otherwise as a miracle helped.
In his picture, Love from the original, in fact, took just two things: An orphan of Pita and the dragon.
The music numbers and most of the strange jokes were left behind the brothel.
In this good fairy tale, read the traits borrowed from Bembley, the alien and many other nice hearts of children pictures.
The Disney studio continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality reins of the 21st century.
Of course, Pete and the Dragon are not so terribly beautiful, as the same Book of the Jungle, and there is no artificial villain, which was Kate Blanchett in the role of maths in the new Cinderella.
But this naive film is not less successfully helping to believe in miracles and good in the best disco traditions.
By the way, the keys from the magic castle of Disney director Louri will receive once again - for the art film adaptation of the history of Peter Phen.
He was a member of the National Assembly of the Russian Academy of Sciences, President of the Russian Academy of Sciences, President of the Republic of Tatarstan President Mintimer Shaimiev on achieving high indices in the field of agriculture in 2007.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov will face a new accusation
The lawyers of RBC journalist Alexander Sokolova, who was accused of organizing the activities of the extremist structure, said that the prosecutor had found shortcomings in the case of their protective.
We learned from investigators literally yesterday.
We were scheduled to participate in the court hearing on the issue of restrictions on the materials of the criminal case, but the meeting did not take place, and the investigators were informed about the decision of the prosecutor.
She told the office that prosecutors had pointed to investigators for non-compliance with the qualifications of the case and the collected materials.
Now investigators will have to remove the gaps in the evidence base and to bring Alexander Sokolov a new accusation.
In fact, another article of the Criminal Code ( Criminal Code ) will appear, or will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, Mrs. Dinze clarifies.
As reported by Kommersant, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June of this year it was reported that the investigation excluded from the accusation of the journalist RBC the wording of the wording of the political situation in the direction of instability and the overthrow of power in an illegal way.
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you.
It seems that life is not caught up for a second.
Even at night.
The latest startups are sometimes completed at midnight, after which the athletes need an hour and a half to two to return to the Olympic village.
Besides, without a stop there is a settlement and eviction from the village, as some athletes complete their performances and leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, only arrive here.
And already at 7: 30 a.m. in one of the temporary tenders are the heads of all Olympic delegations.
At these meetings we usually discuss some operational household issues, - says the head of the sports delegation of the Olympic team of Russia Igor Kazikov.
With hot water problems, then, forgive, with toilets.
For the purity we have fought for a long time.
First, no one came to be killed.
Then we started to come the cliners, but only popping some substance on the floor, and everything.
The floors are, you see, some innovative ones.
They say they should not be washed by human beings.
We know these floors - the laminate is common!
In general, we have achieved a change of the cleaning company and now with it all OK.
An Olympic village is such a Southern Butovo, a sleeping area filled with one side of the mountains, with others - an impressive mouth, places filled with water.
And for reliability is still available throughout the perimeter of the two-metre iron fence, along which the automakers walk.
The village can accommodate up to 17,000 people in 3604 apartments located in 31 homes.
On one of the 18-storey buildings there is a huge Russian flag - this house is completely given to the needs of our national team.
Looking at a small foyer at the entrance, it is possible to immediately determine which problems, apparently, are for the domestic team the most urgent.
At the reception desk there are two announcements: The printed, do not throw the paper to the toilet!
The counter itself is drowning in the booklets.
"A memorial on infectious diseases for travelling in Rio de Janeiro," "First aid for the removal of the alien body in the respiratory tract, the loss of consciousness - the stages of heart-pulmonary reanimation," "First aid in burns, heat shock, fractures and bleeding."
The text is generally encouraging.
For example, the infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent treatment.
However, the favorable outcome is not all.
Of course, in the position of the Russian national team there is a medical centre, which at any moment is ready to provide the residents of the house qualified assistance, including relaxing and sports massage.
In front of the medical center - the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door - the inspiring poster "Despite anything, we will win!"
And, of course, poems:
All the arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who fear.
Let less of us, the glorious taste of victories, Russia will not retreat, is not broken!
And for an even greater rise of spirit, there is an announcement: Dear brothers and sisters!
On the blessing of His Holiness Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Kirill spiritual care about sportsmen of the Olympic team of Russia is carried out by Protopriest Andrei Vladimirovich Alexeev.
You can order a moleben and other tracks by phone...
In general, there is a Center of meditations and religious ceremonies for representatives of all faiths.
And the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with the load of the elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth I decided to go down the stairs, which is recommended to be used during the fire.
And in the darkness, the bodies were stumbling.
Apparently, it was a sleeping employee of the new cleaning company.
I believe, in readiness at any moment to throw at the washing of innovative sexes, they decided to arrange a quiet hour directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor I was waiting for a meeting with a long-time acquaintance - Vitaliy Fedorovich Dubko, the coach of our batters, who led them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He with education, European champion Yana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show his rooms.
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to
The bathroom is one on four, but it is spacious.
The wardrobe, of course, is ridiculous, out of fabric, trust does not cause, but things can be put.
"Not, well, you come up, tea is over!" - is divorced by the hands of tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsova, who met me in the main cafeteria.
It is called at least because it represents a space of 2.7 thousand sq m and is ready to accept 5 thousand visitors.
Here, 60 thousand portions per day are free of charge.
The menu options are the following: "The best of Brazil," "Kitchen of the World," "Asian dishes" and "Pizza, pasta."
The last option, as I looked, is very popular among our volleyball players.
At the same time, I did not find any of the units of the giant restaurant.
What soups? - surprised Kuznetsova.
It is good that I was a Chinese capture.
And the kettle.
But in general, for you to understand, we have a lot worse.
Here is something you can choose, despite the unbearable monotony.
I personally chose a crack on a couple and frickets in tomato sauce.
Next to each dish there is a table with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as with the indication of the food value of the product and the presence of allergens.
Well, well, to admit, eaten.
Do not even understand why such a queue is worth all the time in the local McDonald.
Our best friends are representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ).
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you.
Provoked, one can say!
To get a gift, you should correctly answer at least eight questions out of ten.
There are questions in Russian! - attacked me a virgin from WADA.
But not on that attack.
That is, I am in a patriotic portion of it, naturally.
The situation escalated already on the second question: "If I have received a notice of doping control, should I immediately go to the point of doping control?"
I stopped at option B: "No - I have one hour."
He lost, so to speak, vigilance.
It was forgotten that from WADA, it is not necessary to wait.
In general, it is necessary to be immediately.
And at the seventh stage of the quiz, my position was quite critical.
I have thought that if it is difficult for me to observe a balanced diet because of my tight schedule (and I am, by the way, hard!), then I can use the biapes to get "additional nutrients to increase my productivity."
An AN No, does not allow!
More precisely, the answer is formulated so that it is categorically not banned, but urgently, in several proposals.
Dishonest plays this WADA!
Well, Russia?
To retreat to nowhere - behind Efimova, Isinbaev and all our disgruntled team.
So I focused on and from the last forces won an unhappy T-shirt.
You know, as the saying goes, ours!
In the victorious mood I got to the fitness centre next door.
He was fascinated by the simulators.
Knocked down on 250.
With surprise, there was no Russian athlete.
But maybe it is right?
Let us train someone who is not able to play!
And here in a nearby polyclinic one of our guy sat.
In the queue to the okulist.
Do not worry, not the shooter.
In the polyclinic, however, as in the whole village, there is a device for the issue of condoms.
On it, it is an inspiring call: The Day of the horse!
Further, it remains only to roll the iron, resembling the handle of the door castle, and the condom, made of natural latex Amazonia, is willing to drop out of the apparatus.
I took myself alone, to memory.
They will not be removed from the athletes - they have taken them 450 thousand.
There is a whole entertainment center in the Olympic village.
Near him, in every case there is a cognitive tablet, reminiscent of the International Olympic Committee in different ways to spend $3.25 million per day.
The center is flooded with video games, billiard and tennis tables, table football and hockey and some strange devices similar to video recorders.
This is what it is? - I am interested in the comrade in the form of the Ukrainian national team, who actively uses the wild toy.
I could, of course, just say that he does not want to talk to a man in the form of the Russian national team, and everything.
Here, by the way, there is a strange twist of circumstances in the eyes of the guys in the cheek.
The most playing team, it turns out.
To circumvent the entire village, looking at every corner, it is necessary not less than three hours.
But, if it is to walk, not to drive on electric cars, you will open and the home of the Canadian national team with the entrance and shaky with the replacement bath, and the bank, and the shop with unique brands ( only you will not be able to wait for the queue of Chinese philatelists ), and the shop with unique brands ( only you will not be able to wait for the queue of Chinese philatelists ), and the shop with unique brands ( only you will not be able to wait for the queue of Chinese philatelists ), and the shop with unique brands ( only you will not be able to wait for the queue of Chinese philatelists ), and the office with unique brands ( only you will not be able to wait for the queue of Chinese philatelists -R@@
And late in the evening, you will be sworn in to the olive tree, filled with multicolored labels in memory of those who left this world of friends and relatives of athletes.
And you will be under the accompaniment of the machine, disorderly spray fluid to moderate insects, to think about eternal.
That is about an Olympic movement.
Which in this village does not stop for a moment.
While the rest of the Russian world was breathing, as Australians almost punished American Dream Team, the real fans were left to the net.
Few people know: The news that Inna Derigazova won gold in rape at the XXXI Olympic Games, I got first.
Maybe I am even the only Muscovite who has seen how it happened - not counting those who, of course, watched the competitions in Carioca.
This can only understand the real fan.
Imagine: A deaf Moscow night.
The neighbours of the bottom - as always for an hour of the night - wake up and start shameless, but very loudly screaming at each other.
And threatening to move the furniture.
In the kitchen there is a crane - there is no time to go to the market and buy, as the sledgehammer asked, the new one.
It is not clear in the TV schedule, so it was simply held at the control of Match, the First and in any case of Russia - although it is almost pointless.
"Russia" is the home of repetitions, the whole sport there is something in the record.
There are gigs in the live broadcast.
The hope, of course, on Match - a whole evening a young man screamed in news releases first about the great semi-finals of Derigazova--Shanayev, then about the coming fight for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead of this basketball - US-Australia.
I am, by the way, nothing bad to say about this decision.
The Australians were equal, the first half of all won.
Put on the place of their own greatness of Americans.
As a result, it was lost, but as it is now expressed, the basketball Olympic tournament will no longer be the same.
This is all good, but there is a fight with Di Franchiska, but on the screen without change.
In light panic, I start to lose the channels.
Such a feeling, the second time in a row.
Well, go deep, on cable.
There is no case on one of the thematic matches.
And, by my feelings, the fight is going to start.
I am not satisfied with the text and broadcast of some sports sites.
Dry surfing gives an unexpected but brilliant result.
On the site of the First, it turns out, there is a direct technical broadcast of all competitions taking place at this moment.
Klikaya on fencing, get a fight for gold.
Derigazova is a great counter-attack, goes forward on the points - and it is quite obvious to start to pull the time.
The Italian is playing almost the whole break.
We are at one point ahead, to the end a little more than two seconds.
Di Franchiska is thrown at Derigazov, it recovers, the time is over, the Italian is doing a puncture.
Victory!
In a couple of seconds, an Olympic message on the phone reports a fourth gold medal.
I am the first one to see my eyes.
Frenzied, faithful, involved.
The spiritual management of Muslims ( Dum ) of Tatarstan refuses to use Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday the plenary of Dum obliged his imams to conduct five-month-old sermons only on Tatar to force young Tatars to study their native language.
In management, it does not prejudice the rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
In some mosques of Kazan, the Tatar language does not understand up to 60% of parishioners, among them foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
The imams fear that their sermons on Tatar will not reach the whole audience.
Tatarstan President Mintimer Shaimiev handed over State Awards of the Republic of Tatarstan for 2007 in the field of science and technology on December 28 in Kazan Kremlin.
Tatarstan President Mintimer Shaimiev handed over State Awards of the Republic of Tatarstan for 2007 in the field of science and technology on December 28 in Kazan Kremlin.
"For those who say that" hard, "in every big mosque we intend to organize the lessons of Tatar language absolutely free," promised Mr. Samigullin.
He added that the decision had already entered into force and today in all mosques of the sermons should be already in the Tatar language.
He reminded that Dum of Tatarstan publishes the magazine Shura with the model sermons in the Tatar language.
The imam, which is not sufficiently well spoken in Tatar, "can be thoroughly prepared."
Tatarstan President Mintimer Shaimiev handed over State Awards of the Republic of Tatarstan for 2007 in the field of science and technology on December 28 in Kazan Kremlin.
According to the mufti, in the areas of the fifth sermons are carried out exclusively in Tatar language.
At the same time in Kazan a number of mosques were used mainly Russian.
In particular, as Mufti pointed out, it was practiced in the Burnaevskaya mosque, Zakabannaya and Eniler.
However, stressed Mr. Mukhametshin, the management aims to ensure that all students possess both state languages of the republic, regardless of nationality.
According to Mr. Mukhametshin, he explained that the sermon itself is not mandatory, the main part of the namaza.
At the same time, it will continue to be read in Arabic, in mosques will keep lectures and lessons in Russian.
At the same time, Rafik Mukhametshin told Kommersant that there was no serious threat to the removal of Tatar language from mosques.
Besides Russian and Tatar other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, according to his information, in preaching in the republic is not used.
The decision of Dum was actively supported by the Executive Committee of the World Congress of Tatars ( VKT ).
The head of the Executive Committee, Rinat Zakirov, told Kommersant that the mosques are an important part of our national life.
It would be sad if the Tatar language were left out of this sphere.
He noted that the conduct of the commandments only in the Tatar language is the desire of the imams themselves, but in the executive committee, it is the right thing.
We are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to inform you that we are glad to
Both Tatars and Russians go to the mosque.
Many do not understand the language.
They will, of course, be extinguished.
"We will have to be rebuilt," says the imam of the Burnaevskaya mosque, Farhat Mavletdinov.
According to him, sermons in Russian are closer to even many Tatars, because Russian and in schools, and in kindergartens, on the radio - everywhere initially.
However, he believes that the mosques will be able to continue lessons and lectures in Russian, which are held in other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show a way out of this situation, he concluded.
But about 60% we do not know Tatar language.
These are Uzbeks, Tajiks, and Azerbaijanis.
A lot goes to us foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"That is why we have entered the Russian language for four years," says the imam.
He believes that, in the Tatar language, the sermons will reach a more narrow circle and will not reach the whole audience.
But we will comply with the decision of the film.
Just the result of the props will be different.
But time will tell.
"It is only easier for me, for example, because the Tatar language is my native," Gabdulla Galiullin concluded.
The former director of the FSIN was handed over to the court
The Prosecutor of Moscow approved an indictment on the investigation of the GSU in criminal proceedings against the theft of budget funds allocated to the needs of the FSIN of Russia.
In front of the court will be the former head of the prison department, Alexander Remer and his deputy, who caused the FSIN damage to the sum of more than 2.7 billion rubles.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Depending on the role and degree of participation in crimes, they are accused by the GSU in Moscow under Article 3 of Article 285 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ( abuse of official authority, which caused grave consequences ), hours of Article 159 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ( fraud, committed with the use of its official position, in a particularly large size ).
In addition, Krivolapov is accused of Article 1 of Article 222 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ( illegal purchase and storage of ammunition ).
According to the version of the SCR, in 2010 - 2012 these persons were abducted from the state treasury of the budget funds allocated by the FSIN to provide the agency with electronic monitoring systems, so-called electronic bracelets.
For the theft of budget money, the participants of the group developed the scheme, according to which the enterprise of the FSUE CITOS, with which the corresponding state contracts were concluded, produced technical means of control and supervision, including electronic bracelets, and realized at prices, overvalued several times.
In spite of the fact that the FSUE of CITOS did not have production equipment, buildings, facilities for placement of production facilities, which allow to create a completed cycle of production of electronic bracelets, between it and the FSIN of Russia were concluded five state contracts worth more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme in the accounts of the Samara branch of FSUE there were more than 2 billion rubles, of which 1.2 billion rubles were stolen.
According to the investigation, more than 140 million rubles of cash funds received personally Mr. Remer in his office from one of the accomplices, a criminal case against which is allocated to separate production.
Nikolai Krivolapova, who was involved in the machinations, was found unknown origin of ammunition to the award pistol, which allowed him to show him an additional charge.
In this case, the volume of which amounted to 133 volumes, the FSIN to the accused declared a claim for damages of RUR 2.7 billion.
Footballer Hakana Shukür is suspected of involvement in the coup.
The Turkish authorities issued a warrant for the arrest of a former footballer and then a member of the parliament, Hakana Shukura, and conducted searches in two houses of his family.
The star of the Turkish football, the 1990s - the beginning of the 2000s attacker Hakan Shukür is sought by the authorities of the country in connection with an attempt of a coup that occurred last month.
The forward, who has finished a sporting career in 2008, is accused of belonging to an armed terrorist group.
It is about the movement of Hizmet - a society linked to the famous Turkish religious figure and opposition to Fethullah Gueland.
It is his President Erdogan as the organizer of an attempted military coup that happened on July 15.
Fethullah Gülen lives in the US, Turkish authorities demand his extradition.
According to local media reports, a warrant for the arrest of Hakana Shukura was issued today, police have already conducted searches in two houses that belong to the family of the former footballer.
According to the results of the investigation, in the organization of Fethullah Guen, in addition to Hakana Shukura, he was a member of his father.
However, neither the former footballer nor his loved ones were there.
Now he and his family live in the US.
The footballer Hakan Shukür defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and campaigned for the assembly countries.
He spent most of his career in Galatasarae.
The list of foreign clubs is the Italian Torino, Inter and Palermo, as well as the English Blackburn.
True, none of them has spent more than one season.
Hakan Shukür is still the most effective attacking team in Turkey: In his act 112 matches for the national team and 51 scored the ball.
In 2013, Hakan Shukür left his deputy post because of the ongoing corruption investigation around the party of Erdogan and his closest environment.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, on July 25, at least 42 journalists were issued in Turkey.
They are accused of facilitating a military coup and links to the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gueland, living in the United States.
Given the severity of the charges, media employees can wait for prolonged prison terms - from ten years to several life conclusions.
Egor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would have created a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost 2-3 times less than on the films of foreign production," he said.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that Russian films are hard to compete for the viewer with large Hollywood labels.
We have more than 100 pictures in the country a year, of which the screens reach an average of 20 to 25 tapes.
And even they are very difficult to compete with transformers, and the Iron Man, in the promotion of huge budgets, the filmmaker said.
On July 1, the All-Russian Youth Educational Forum Tavfried started in Crimea.
Among the participants are teachers of creative professions and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian directions from all over Russia and a number of countries of near and far abroad.
Britons won Olympic gold in academic rowing in twins
Britons Helen Glover and Heather Stanley won Olympic gold in an academic rowing in doubles.
Silver took the knockout of Rebecca Skstone and Genev Beren, the third place was occupied by Anna Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen from Denmark.
Kommersant News - The new general contractor promises to surrender Zenit-Arenu by 26 December.
The new general contractor of the stadium, which is to take matches of the Cup of Confederations - 2017 and World Cup 2018, is promising to pass the arena by December 26, RIA Novosti reports referring to the head of the Council of the Federation on preparations for the World Cup of 2018 Vadim Typpanov.
Today we together with Russian Minister of Sports Vitaly Mutko visited the construction, with us was the general director of Metrostroy Vadim Alexandrov.
He said he would give the stadium by December 26.
This is a serious St. Petersburg company, it never breaks the terms.
We with Vitaly Mutko were satisfied with the seen and heard, - the agency quoted the agency as saying.
Earlier, Vitaly Mutko arrived in St. Petersburg to inspect the venue for the upcoming large-scale competitions.
Also, Mr. Typpanov noted that the commission of Sovfeda will continue to monitor the progress of the stadium construction and will regularly visit the construction.
We should remind, yesterday it was revealed that the company Metrostroy will complete the construction of Zenit Arena, the cost of the contract will be about 5.4 billion rubles.
Two more companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
Read more about the choice of the new general contractor.
In Miasse ( Chelyabinsk region ) the lawyer of former deputy governor Nicholas Sandakov Konstantin Akulich is detained.
According to Kommersant, the other lawyer of the accused - Sergei Kolosovsky, Konstantin Akulic today was summoned to the investigation department of SKR Miassa for charge of the case of a year ago.
Then Konstantin Akulic went to the place of traffic accident as a lawyer for the help of one of his participants.
As he started to defend Nicholas Sandakov, it turned out that it was Akulich, - says Sergey Kolosovsky.
Konstantin Akulic became the lawyer of the ex-deputy governor in early August.
In half an hour before the call of the lawyer in SKR Miassa the side of the defense notified that on Monday expires the term of acquaintance with the materials of the case of fraud, in which he is accused of Nicholas Sandakov.
It should be reminded that two criminal cases are brought against Nicholas Sandakov.
In the framework of the first ( fraud case ), he is infiltrated by a promise for 1.5 million rubles to promote the appointment of the mayor of Magnitogorsk, the head of the administration of Ozersk, Yevhen Tarasova.
The second criminal case concerns the bribery, which Nicholas Sandakov allegedly received from the director of ChOP, Igor Kalugin, in the form of illegal free provision of property services in the amount of at least 1.3 million rubles.
Read more about the case of Mr. Sandakov.
The Russian copper company ( RMK ) is ready to take social responsibility and more attention to the environmental aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, that the RMK has taken over the modernization of one of the oldest and environmentally friendly enterprises of the country - the Karabashsky copper melting plant.
The Karabashsky copper melting plant was founded by an English joint-stock company headed by Lif Urquartz in 1910.
In Soviet times it was significant for the economy of the country industrial enterprise, and it actually ensured the life of the whole city.
However, in the 1990s due to financial problems the production was stopped, which caused serious social problems in Karabasha.
In 1998 it was decided to resume the work of the Karabashsky copper smelter plant.
One of the main problems of the Karabashsky plant was also needed.
By the beginning of 2000, Karabakh was already notorious as an area of environmental disaster.
The situation on Karabashcopper started to change in 2004, after the enterprise moved under the management of the Russian copper company.
The company started to modernize the production, which was gradually reducing the environmental burden on the environment.
This was recently noted by the Governor of Chelyabinsk region Boris Dubrovsky, who visited the first numbers of July.
The head of the Southern Urals has called the grandiose changes that have taken place with the enterprise since Karabashcopper was transferred to the RMK group.
The main event for the modernization of Karabashcopper in recent years was the construction of a new grey acid workshop, allowing to capture up to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the president of Russian copper company Vsevolod Levine, the volume of investments in this project amounted to about 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of modernization of ZAO Karabashcopper is the reconstruction of the converter transfer.
The replacement of three converters, dumps, gas tract is planned for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project is 2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch a new workshop of cleaning of industrial stools worth 1 billion rubles.
In turn, the amount of taxes allocated to the budget of the city of Karabakh will rise.
For the whole period of realization of the project Tomsk GOK - from the beginning of construction and before commissioning of the second stage - the federal treasury will receive 8.9 billion rubles.
And after entering the GOK, the flow of taxes to budgets of all levels can amount to 80.9 billion rubles.
During the year of production in Varna region the budgets of different levels are allocated 346.3 million rubles.
And it is for the first year.
"The longer the enterprise successfully works, the amount of deductions may be greater," said Valery Ulanovsky.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
However, participation of RMK enterprises in life and development of territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
RMK enterprises help to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, to build cultural and entertainment facilities, to improve the territory.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian copper company in Karabasha was an overhaul, and in fact - almost total perestroika of the kindergarten N9 on 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in emergency.
Also on the territory of RMK Arena there will be a landscape park with artificial pond, underground and adrenal parking for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
RMK Arena will allow to carry out spectacular professional sports events of the international level.
But the main task of this project is to make physical education and sports in comfortable conditions available for residents of Chelyabinsk, first of all for children.
Place in the first row on the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the business area as long as the Society of Historians Architects / branch in Southern California holds an art exhibition with Arnold Schwarzman and Stephen Guy, the authors of the new book "The Central Library of Los Angeles: The History of its Art and Architecture."
Guy and Schwarzman are going to discuss and share images of the design of 1926 g Bertrama Gudho, as well as the restoration and additions of 1993 from Hardy Holzman Pfiffera Associates.
The Salon works from 2 days to 4 days on August 21 in Salle Moderne in the style of the South West Law School ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can walk around the central hall, the rooms of certain periods, the Kakdim living room and the Tea room.
A preliminary ticket order is needed; members of SAH / SCC - 15 $; non-members - $25.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cosy new look
Celebrate the 90th birthday of the Central Library of Los Angeles with - what else? - a new book
Employees of the Sandhill refugee centre in Denmark have suspected that teenagers are engaged in prostitution.
This is Thursday, August 11, reported The local.
According to him, some teenagers have told the staff of the institution that "someone in Copenhagen organizes prostitution."
As the release notes, the doubts of the shelter workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan spoke about similar stories in Malma.
In 2015, in the European Union, the crisis broke out because of the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed more than 20,000 of them on its territory.
On the shores of the Cape Code ( USA ), the fisherman caught a rare blue omar.
The man discovered a racket among others caught in his underwater trap, ABC News reported.
The American plans to transfer it to the local oceanarium.
The lobster weighs about a kilogram.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson ( Wayne Nickerson ) is engaged in catching lobsters for the past 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in a career a man was hit by a blue omar in 1990.
According to ABC News, the crustaceans acquire blue or blue colors as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016 it was revealed that the fishermen were caught off the coast of Japan a copy of the rare kind of deep-water shark Megachasma pelagios ( a large shark ).
A five-meter animal weighs about a ton.
The military Black Sea fleet carried out action on anti-submarine defense in the Black Sea area.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
The training was conducted in the framework of the first stage of the exercises on special types of operation of the Navy forces.
"Members of the anti-submarine-sabotage units have worked out an anti-submarine defence of the base of the fleet on the coast and the adjacent sea area of the Black Sea," said Dygalo.
The exercises involved about 400 military personnel, more than 10 units of combat equipment, including Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters, "Grachonok" and patrol fast boats "Raptor."
In the course of maneuver, the forces of branded ships with the use of hydroacoustic tools discovered conditional sabotage groups and reflected the attack of underwater saboteurs from the sea to the point of basing the ChF forces.
From the Ka-27 helicopter there was an amphibious assault group that blocked and destroyed the invaders of the contingent enemy.
After that, the Black Sea fleet of the Black Sea fleet took place in the sea.
Dygalo stated that "these exercises of the Black Sea fleet are carried out in accordance with the plan of preparation and conduct of the forthcoming command and headquarters of the Caucasus-2016 and the Navy training plan."
From 18 to 30 July, Ukraine and the United States held joint military exercises of the Sea Breeze 2016 fleet on the Black Sea.
About four thousand people from 16 countries took part in the maneuvers.
More than 25 ships, boats and vessels of the United States, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine were involved.
The court in Moscow region arrested the father for the murder of the adoptive daughter: The investigation and the court: Security forces:
The city court of Moscow region authorized the arrest of Roman Chernikov, who was aware of the murder of his six-year-old adoptive daughter.
On Thursday, August 11, according to the city news agency Moscow, told the press secretary of the court Nina Zhilkin.
The court was satisfied with the request of the investigative bodies to elect a preventive measure in the form of detention for two months, she said.
Chernikov will be under arrest until October 9.
On August 11, the management of the SKR in Moscow region reported that the adoptive parents and grandmother of the six-year-old girl were given confessions in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov reported that he had made the murder of a child in one of the days of April 2016 from personal dislike relationships while at home in a state of alcohol intoxication.
Then, in order to hide the body of the child, he burned him and threw the remains together with his wife in a large square.
On the evening of August 9, at the interrogation, the adoptive parents reported that a six-year-old child was drowned in a bath in April 2016.
For a long time they managed to hide from all the disappearance of the girl, however, in August, having learned that soon the employees of the guardianship bodies should come to them, decided to tell everyone that the child was missing.
The parents stated that on August 6, their adoptive daughter had gone from the territory of the house, where they lived by the family, and disappeared.
Pope Francis has divided into the Vatican a meal with refugees from Syria.
On Thursday, August 11, the head of the Press Service of the Holy throne Greg Berk reported, CTV News reported.
The migrants arrived at the invitation of the pontiff from the Greek island of Lesbos.
Lunch took place in the Vatican House of Saint Marves, where the personal apartments of Francis are located.
It is noted that two groups of Syrian refugees, who visited Greece on April 16, visited Greece.
Then, on the way back to the Vatican, he took on board his aircraft 12 migrants, including six children.
A second group of Syrians arrived in June.
The care of them took the Holy throne.
The Pope brought toys and gifts to children, they in response gave him their drawings and children, and adults were able to talk to the pontiff about the first days of his life in Italy.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migrant crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015, the biggest disaster since World War II.
Greece is one of the countries through which most migrants are in Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, in 2015, a total of 800,000 people have moved from Turkey to the Greek island in the Aegean Sea.
In doing so, Lesbos has become the main transshipment point for refugees on the way to the EU.
Traffic jams of more than 40 kilometers were formed in Japan on the first day of short summer vacations.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Thus, in the area of the Totiga Prefecture, the traffic congestion stretched to 43 kilometers, in Kanagawa Prefecture - 33 kilometers.
As the agency notes, trains are overcrowded, airfares on internal directions are completely sold.
Since August 11, 2016 in Japan marks the Day of Mountains, the holiday is officially considered a weekend day.
After that, many Japanese are sent to their home cities for several days.
A short holiday from the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday next week, then a new peak of traffic congestion is expected.
In Japan, it is considered a bad tone to take full vacation.
According to the law, it is necessary to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique of the chain of luxury male clothes and accessories Frame Moscow was opened after the renovation with a fully updated design and assortment, the representative of the network said.
In the design of the space, only natural materials were used - nuts, bras, keragrave and toned glass in the tone of the tree, the Frame spokesman said.
Multimedia windows balance on the brink between tradition and advanced technologies.
In the multi-brands, Frame Moscow is represented by the shirts of Marol, bags and portfolios of Serapian, designer jeans Jacob Cohen, jackets and bracelets Tateossian, jackets of Moorer and shoes Barrett.
In addition, the network is an exclusive distributor of the company on the individual sewing of the male costumes Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns the monobite boutiques of Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
The French fashion house Louis Vuitton on September 17, 2016 will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
He will replace the first store of the house opened in this city in 2007.
The new boutique will be placed on Nevski Avenue, a representative of the company said.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, "said President Louis Vuitton for the Nordic countries, the Middle East and Africa, Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases with the help of hot embossing techniques: In honor of the opening there was a cliché with the appearance of St. Petersburg, which complements the initials of the client.
At the end of the 19th century created baggage for Russian aristocracy - the great prince Alexander Romanova, Princess Trubetka and the imperial family.
Currently produces clothes, shoes, accessories, decorations and watches, and also resumed production of perfumes.
The company enters the international holding LVMH.
The pensioner turned a rush into the budget beach embroidery.
Users of the network laughed at the photos on which an elderly man set up on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The image was published on several entertainment portals, as well as in the group My Taganrog in the social network VKontakte, because of which many decided that the photo was made on the shores of the Azov Sea.
In the comments "innovation" surrounding "budget embroidery" and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man for ingenuity and laughter, and some drew attention to the fact that the man was seriously at risk of breaking up with his embroidery, as he set it at a lack of depth.
However, one of the commenators on the portal Pikabu noted that it is not possible to judge the depth of the sea.
"First, we do not know what depth there is, the beach can be an embankment with a sharp descent per metre right behind the staircase, and second, even if there is a meter of depth, you can jump from a couple of meters," - wrote the user under C0JIbAMDJZ
Meanwhile, the Italian edition of Roma Today writes that a man with a rush was spotted on the beach under Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed hope that Anton Vaughno as the new head of the administration of the head of state will contribute to its constructive work.
According to RIA Novosti, the corresponding statement of the Russian leader was made at the meeting with Vaughno and his predecessor - Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that the candidacy of the President of the President of the President was recommended by Ivanov himself.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On August 12, Putin removed Ivanov as head of the administration of the head of state.
This post instead took Vaughno.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes have been banned from visiting local beaches in burkini - a special bathing suit for women, who completely closes the body from head to ankles.
This is Friday, August 12, reported ABC News.
The Mayor of Kann David Lisnar ( David Lisnard ) explained that such clothes did not comply with the rules of tidal, the principles of secularism, and did not comply with hygiene and safety standards.
Also, in his words, clothing that underlines religious affiliation can cause public order violations.
A fine of 38 euros ( about 42 dollars ) was introduced.
It is noted that the ban was imposed on the background of the terrorist attacks, which were carried out on July 15 in Nice and July 26 at the church of St. Etienne du Ruvre in the north of the country.
After his introduction, several Muslims appealed to the court, saying that the restrictions violated the right to freedom of religion.
The Blagoveschensk City Court ( Amur region ) sentenced the former head of the city of Alexander Miguel to nine years of the general regime.
This is reported on Friday, August 12, it is reported on the site of the court.
Miguel was convicted of crimes under Articles 286 of the Criminal Code of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation established that the official in December 2008 provided his familiar land plot in the village of Muhinka with a violation of the established land legislation.
In 2006, he illegally ordered the acquisition of the city of the road bridge over the river Chigiri, at an inflated price without competitive procedures and the conclusion of the municipal contract, Interfax reported.
In addition, between 2007 and 2010, Miguel, in the interest of a commercial organization, changed the terms of payments under the contract for the sale of a land lease contract, which was granted for housing construction, and freed the company from rent.
As a result, the budget of the region has underestimated more than 5 million rubles, and the city treasury is about 21 million rubles.
On August 4, it became known that the former gravestone, who was detained on suspicion of corruption, and a candidate for a deputy mandate, did not provide for a term in the election of signed lists for participation in the State Duma elections and was removed from the election race.
Miguel was detained in May 2015 on the territory of Lipetsk region and placed in the detention centre.
Before that, he has been in the international wanted list since 2011.
Alexander Migulya served as mayor of Blagoveschensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
In the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs refuted the information on the release of the Russian helicopter.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
This information has not been confirmed.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations are under way," Kabulov said.
On August 11, a source in diplomatic circles told the agency that the captives were released.
According to him, former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
On 4 August, it was reported that a Pakistani MI-17 helicopter landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan because of technical problems.
The builders of the Crimean bridge were equipped with a hymn.
On the YouTubet-channel of the project "Crimean bridge" there was a clip "I score a pile."
This is the song of the builder of this structure - the hero tells us that the bridge will help not to lose touch with a huge country.
The writer, in particular, sings about how to score a pile.
Video from the construction of the Crimean bridge is imposed on the music.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Homenko - the designer of the Institute of Giprostrobridge - St. Petersburg, which has developed the project of construction.
He is not a professional musician.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Thailand has accused of explosions at the resorts of local sabotage.
The explosions at the resorts of Thailand are acts of local sabotage and are not connected with the activities of international terrorists.
As reported by Reuters, Thailand police said.
According to the police, they had not yet been able to find out whether there were any such explosions among themselves.
According to the main version, their organizers were trying to disrupt the tourist season.
It is not excluded that Muslims from the south of the country are behind the explosions.
Law enforcement agencies have already detained several people.
At the moment it is known about four dead and a few dozen wounded.
The Prime Minister of the country, Prayuth Chan-PSD, ordered additional security measures to prevent new explosions and to exclude possible victims.
On the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, there was a series of explosions.
The devices worked at police stations on the island of Phuket, in the cities of Surat Thani ( the capital of the same province, on the territory of the island of Samui ) and Huahin.
Another explosive device laid on the beach was decimated by the boots.
A day earlier, on August 11, in the resort town of Huahin there were two explosions.
The bombs were in pots of plants and were put into action with a call from a mobile phone.
Among the victims are 10 foreign tourists, Russians are not among them.
The British jewellery house Graff presented the new model of the clock The Peacock Watch, made in the form of a pavlinya pen, Vogue reported.
The hull of the clock is decorated with diamonds.
For this, the jewellers used not only the classic round stones, but also the bags, as well as the trawler diamonds of the stage cutting and the cutting of the emerald.
These watches with quartz mechanism and blue shootings of the characteristic design of Graff are created in a single instance and are presented in the boutique Mercury in Moscow Hotel Four Seasons.
The price for them is not called.
Graff is a jewellery-hour house founded in 1960 in London by Lawrence Graff.
Produces jewellery with precious stones, mostly with diamonds ( including color ) and watches ( since 2008 ).
The four-time winner of the British Royal Prize in International Trade ( 1977, 1994, 2006, 2014 ).
In different years, Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, in particular the pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
The new book by Joan Rowling, Harry Potter and the False Child, was the most sold in the UK, The Daily Mail reported.
The novel was overtaken by the popularity of Romeo and Juliet William Shakespeare.
According to the data of the edition, during the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga about the magician, 847.9 thousand copies were sold.
The book Harry Potter and the False Child has brought 8.76 million pounds.
In this case, the tragedy of Shakespeare appeared in the second place - since 1998 it has sold almost 127.7 thousand books of the publishing house Penguin Classics.
The eighth part of the saga of the magician from Hogwarts Harry Potter and the False Child was released on July 31.
The play takes place 19 years after the events described in the book Harry Potter and the gifts of Death.
On the same day in London the premiere of the play took place in London.
In Russia, the English-language version of the novel took place on the counters of the Moscow House of the Book - the only official seller of the novel - August 5.
All copies were sold overnight.
The Russian new part of the saga will be released until the end of 2016.
The owners of messengers and postal services should identify users and remove banned information - such is the brief content of the bill developed by the Media and Communication Union ( ISS ), uniting the largest Russian telecom operators ( there is a Vedomosti ).
The employees of the three companies - members of the union confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
In the beginning of autumn it should be presented to the working group under the leadership of the first deputy premier Igor Shuvalov, says the interlocutor in the ISS.
It is about amendments to the laws on communication and the media.
They stipulate that any "organizer of the dissemination of information on the Internet, which provides an opportunity to exchange electronic messages," is obliged to identify users on the basis of the information contained in the databases of communication operators, having previously concluded contracts with them.
And also to immediately block messages or publications that contain information circulated with the violation of Russian legislation.
Otherwise, operators have the right to restrict access to the service on the decision of Roskomnadzor.
Astronomers have discovered a Neptune mysterious space object.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious space object for Neptune.
The heavenly body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, writes New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving on a completely uncharacteristic for the solar system of orbit.
It is almost perpendicular to other planets.
The mysterious finding was the name of Niku, which in translation from the Chinese language means "rebellious," "unbroken."
WSJ: The US is considering imposing sanctions on the Russian Federation because of the hacking of Democrats.
U.S. officials are considering introducing new sanctions against Russia in response to the rise of the Democratic Party Servers, writes The Wall Street Journal with reference to sources.
As it is reported, for the imposition of sanctions, the administration of US President Barack Obama will have to be officially accused of attacking the servers of Russia or supported by Russian hackers.
According to sources, the FBI and other American special services are almost confident in Russia-related involvement in the cyberattack.
The WSJ notes that the US usually prefer not to specify those who carry out hacking attacks.
The exception is produced in 2014 by Sony Entertainment Pictures, the responsibility for which was officially assigned to the DPRK.
However, last year, Obama issued a decree simplifying the procedure for imposing sanctions on those who carry out or promote cyberattacks.
Initially, it was directed against China, but could be used against other countries.
The process of making a decision on sanctions may be long, writes the publication.
Even if officials concluded that the hackers acted in support of Russia, before the decision to disclose the information they would have to weigh the possible consequences.
They have to determine whether there is a serious incident in order to exacerbate tensions in bilateral relations.
It was previously reported that the administration of Barack Obama allows the possibility of sanctions against the state, the hackers of which hacked the servers of the Democratic Party Committee.
The WikiLeaks website has published the electronic correspondence of the National Committee of Democrats.
Media reported that hackers working with Russian authorities could be involved in the takeaway.
In the Kremlin, such messages were called absurd.
FAS fined Google for almost half a billion roubles
The cause was a violation of competition in the mobile application market.
The antitrust trial was launched on the initiative of Yandex.
The Russian company claimed that Google provides smartphone manufacturers with access to Android components on conditions that banned applications from other developers, in particular, from Yandex.
The FAS found confirmation of these claims and established, the company abused the dominant position in the market and imposed the manufacturers of mobile devices to install together with the Google Play store of other applications.
According to the results of the audit, the Federal Antimonopoly Service decided to punish Google.
The penalty should be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the decree.
The FAS concluded that the competition law should comply with all companies, including transnational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to first examine the decision and only then determine with further actions: To execute it or to challenge.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service has recognized the company as a breach of the competition law as early as September last year and ordered to adjust the contracts until December 18.
However, Google did not give consent.
Since then, the company and the Office are conducting trial.
The FAS noted that, despite the penalty, discuss with Google the possibility to conclude a global agreement.
This measure will not lead to anything.
This is the opinion of Ehu Moscow, a leading analyst at Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the penalty would not affect the users or the competitiveness of the corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment, and then robbed it for 84 thousand rubles.
The stolen household appliances of the 30-year-old robber managed to sell.
In the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia.
The man told the blues of the law that the unknown took off his apartment.
When the owner was able to check his house, he discovered it completely empty: Neither the washing machine, neither the TV nor the refrigerator, nor the apartment itself.
The total amount of damages amounted to 84 thousand rubles.
Soon, the guards of the order came out on the trail of the thief.
They turned out to be a 30-year-old unemployed Volzhanin.
The man was detained, he gave confessions, informing that the stolen property had already managed to sell.
Now he will have to answer for theft in all the rule of law - a criminal case has been initiated against the detainee.
This year, the Crimean people will receive a notice to pay for the transport tax.
Now residents of the peninsula will pay a tax on land, property and transport.
The head of the Office of the Federal Tax Service of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Roman Nazdchev, was informed about this at the press conference.
Until the end of 2016, Crimean car owners will receive a notice to pay for the transport tax.
As long as the tax counted about 250,000 people owning motor transport.
The data on taxpayers will be provided by the GIBDD, the Rosregister.
As of the first January we will be given information about the owners of the real estate and the owners of land plots, next year the citizens of Crimea will be the payers of these taxes.
For preferential categories of citizens will be provided benefits for payment of property taxes, first of all it is the category of pensioners.
Also, on the land tax there is a system of deductions depending on the preferential category of the taxpayer, but according to the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, until 2017, it is early to talk about it.
A resident of Balahna was caught up for a woman, breaking his head with a brick of her offender
According to the investigation, on the night of June 16, 2016, in a garage array on the Main Street in Balahn, the accused saw the co-residents who were on the eve of the guest.
The man repeatedly insulted his civilian wife, and then threw the woman on his shoulder and suffered home.
The attacker entered the woman and hit the victim with a brick on his head.
A 29-year-old man died at the scene.
The accused guilt admitted in part.
At the moment ( August 12, 2016 ), this is all the information.
A terrible accident occurred on the eve of the evening in the area of Kizil Tash of the Crimean Peninsula.
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
Suddenly, the car rolled into kick-off and fell off the cliff.
Five people were victims of the accident, another 20 were injured.
The victims of the disaster were carried out by medical facilities, where doctors provide them with the necessary assistance.
In that malignant flight, four residents of the Volgograd region were seriously hurt.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivohijina from Kotovo together with 9-year-old grandson Artemis, as well as 5-year-old Anastasia Bhearkarev, who was taken to the regional hospital of the city of Simferopol - the girl is in a serious condition.
We hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and medics will provide all necessary qualified assistance.
In what cases to call an ambulance, how quickly should it come to the patient?
In the case of emergency medical emergency services, the nearest free emergency brigade or specialized brigade is directed to the challenge.
The time of emergency medical care for an emergency call is up to 20 minutes.
The time of emergency medical care is an urgent challenge - up to 2 hours.
The time of emergency medical assistance in the fact of death is not regulated.
The OSCE observers did not record military activity on the border of Crimea.
The observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) did not record military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is stated in a statement published on the site of the organization.
Observers report that the situation on the border of Crimea is calm, incidents that may be related to the safety of Ukraine and Russia have not been recorded.
No observers were able to confirm media reports relating to security issues, including shootings and military action in close proximity to the administrative border, the OSCE report said.
The employees of the organization continue to monitor the situation at three crossing points on the border in the area of the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchak, Chaplinka and the Chongar Peninsula in the Gulf of Sivash.
Earlier in the State Party of Ukraine reported that on the border of Crimea the rotation of Russian troops is completed.
At the same time, the updated personal composition has more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation in 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics show.
This is the highest rate for years ( since June 2012 ) and the first above zero since October last year, when the positive 0.2% were shown.
The average annual inflation, measured by the CPI, over the past 12 months ( August 2015 - July 2016 ) in comparison to the previous 12 months ( August 2014 - July 2015 ) was -0.8 per cent.
The consumer price index in July 2016 in comparison to July 2016 was 101.0 per cent, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0 per cent.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 in comparison with December 2015 ) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 in comparison with July 2015 was -0.2 per cent.
In July 2016, in comparison with the previous month, the increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: Food and soft drinks ( 1.7% ); transport ( 1.8% ); restaurants and hotels ( 1.2% ); other goods and services ( 0.3% ).
Prices fell on clothes and shoes ( 2.2% ); furniture, household appliances and regular maintenance ( 0.5% ); health ( 0.1% ).
Prices remained at the same level as the previous month on alcohol and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications systems; and education.
The effect of Snapchat is criticised as a caricature on Asians
Snapchat claims that this filter is inspired by the anime, but some observers say it is a raucous one.
With the help of the Linza tool, Snapchat allows about 150 million users a day to change the reality and play with the individuality of ways that are bordering on the absurdity.
You can turn yourself into ananas, a dog or a character to become a picture of Roy Liechtenstein.
The lenses are rough, sparkling features of tools that create more than 30 million adjusted selfies a day.
Any errors quickly become well-known.
The Snapchat lenses were criticized in the past when they were accused of the application to advertise the dark skin of the face or encouraged the survivors as the ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week offered a lens that gave them their own eyes, curves of teeth and fluffy cheeks, some critics found it a racist caricature on Asians - the yellow.
And they questioned whether these repeated contradictions are on the more serious problem of the company connected with variety.
On Wednesday, there were reports and an outrage in reports on The Verge and Motherboard, the next day after the Snapchat stated that they had taken this function.
The company commented: The lens was conceived as a tribute to the characters of the anime, not as a caricature on Asians.
But experts who know about racism are not pondering, the lens recalled offensive stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected the comparison with the anime.
In the electronic letter, Greens Sparapani, a Korean American art student, whose tweet about the photos was active, said that the lens was "offensive and at least awkward."
She added that it is hard to argue with comparing the side of the very rough cartoons on Asians and the effects of the filter.
It shows that the filter is not just yellow, but a highly humiliated yellow.
Snapchat is not the only company passing through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, ranging from corporate conference rooms to Hollywood and the Devils, which we all carry with themselves.
And the huge audience of young people in Snapchat - which is more diverse than their older generation - may mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the Snapchat lens creates an image offensive to the user, then said in an interview on Thursday 25-year-old Kathy Ju, "this course of events is much more difficult to stay unnoticed as it was before."
On Thursday, Zhu, the product manager and engineer, who works on Medium, decided to remove his account in Snapchat and urged others to do the same thing.
In an article for Medium, and in a telephone interview, she said that racial contradictions are the cause of insufficient diversity in the recruitment of personnel in Snepchat.
I was criticized by a predominantly white management of the company, consisting only of men and finished his article hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
As Ju wrote, who herself is an American of Chinese origin: "Either they did not have enough non-white people who could make such decisions, or they are employed by non-white people, but they do not hold such positions on which they can safely and openly speak."
Other observers share her point of view, complaining that Snapchat did not respond to most of her questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of national minorities in the state, stressing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the racial origin of its staff, but according to a trusted person, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented segments of the population and active attempts to involve domestic resources.
For his part, Ju said she would retain his account in Snapchat closed, adding: "I wonder if they really need more users like us to be able to say that they will not go."
Military leadership distorted intelligence on ISIS, Congress commission reports
Officials from the U.S. Central Command have changed intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than the grounds for the event in place, the Congress Commission reported in a report released on thursday.
The interim report of the Task Force, established by the Republican Chairs of the Committee of the House of Representatives on the Armed Forces, the Intelligence Committee and the Sub-Committee on Military Appropriations, found "widespread discontent" among the intelligence service analysts of the Central Command, who claim that the leaders have directed their assessments of American action to defeat the Islamic State.
The central command, known as the CENTCOM, is the main military administration in the city of Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The intelligence documents approved by the highest command of the Central Committee tended to provide a more optimistic image of US anti-terrorism actions than confirmed by real data from the scene of events, and were consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other special services," the report said.
"What happened in the Central Committee is unacceptable: When the senior management appears to be false, our military is suffering," said a member of the House of Representatives, Ken Calvert, a Republican from California.
Problems with management in the Central Committee reach the top of the organization.
The 10-page report describes in detail the gaps that have occurred in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at the training of Iraqi armed forces provided by the Central Command.
Although he does not contain the final evidence that members of the Obama administration ordered to falsify the reports, he claims that analysts felt that the leadership of the Central Committee was forcing them to represent a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimony from the Central Command in Congress were much more optimistic than real events," the report reported.
For example, the Central Committee official publicly stated that a major military attack aimed at the return of Mosul could start in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city of Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, this is known for sure," said a member of the House of Representatives, Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the most senior intelligence service of the U.S. Central Command has forged intelligence documents of the command to reduce the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans set up an operational group when they learned that analysts had expressed concern that intelligence on the Islamic State had been falsified.
As the investigation progresses, the report, published on Thursday, will follow.
An additional non-final investigation by the Central Committee is conducted by the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the US Congress published on Thursday their own data, which are consistent with some of the findings of the Republican operational group.
According to a statement by a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Shiff, the chief representative of the Democratic Party in the Committee.
This procedure, according to Shiffe, called for the release of intelligence documents, damage to the moral state of analysts, and it is not enough to reflect the divergent views.
But Shiff and Democrats argue that they have not found evidence that the White House was trying to force analysts at the Central Committee to adjust their conclusions to their detention or political interpretation.
The preliminary results of the Congress were presented on Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of an investigation by the chief inspector of the Pentagon, opened after complaints by Central Committee analysts.
Lieutenant-Commander Patrick Evans, Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the Congress's report while the investigation of the chief inspector was ongoing.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree in the interpretation of complex data, and the special services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a healthy dialogue on these vital themes relating to national security."
The consequences of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the targets of the American bombing in Iraq and Syria ( as is now claimed by more representatives of the Ministry of Defence ).
But last year's statements are forced to doubt whether President Obama can rely on the fact that the Central Command provides truthful estimates of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Criticism of intelligence on the Islamic State repeats disputes that took place more than a decade ago when Central Committee intelligence analyst Gregory Hucker wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George Wokera Bush, because of the protest of many analysts, supported a small number of troops in Iraq and did not think about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Huker also played a key role in the protest caused by intelligence on the Islamic State.
Last year, according to officials, the Hucker team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes on oil and gas plants owned by the Islamic State did not result in a significant deterioration in the financial situation of the terrorist group, because it built temporary oil plants to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not spread outside the Central Command, as the Times reported in September.
The then commander of the Central Committee, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after testimony in the Senate, which many MPs considered an overly optimistic assessment of the War.
General Austin resigned in April and was seen in the Central Command of Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins four times in female hockey on grass, thereby approaching the decisive battle with Britain
Having scored three goals in the match, which ended with a victory over Japan with a score of 6 to 1, Kathy BEM opened the score on Thursday the first two goals for the US team on female hockey on the grass, when the Americans won over the team of India with a score of 3 to 0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but the BEM, which is 27 years old, says she was not sure whether she would ever do something like that.
"The mind is not attached," she said.
I am not really out of those people who are tracking their goals.
That is what she knows: The American account is 4-0 in the Olympic Games, and they compete for the first place in their group with Britain, which remains invincible after losing Japan with a score of 2-0 on Thursday.
The teams of Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams are claiming the quarter-finals, and the result of the game will determine who will take the first place in their group of six teams, and who is second.
The winner will escape the meeting with a strong team of rivals from Holland, leaders of another group, a little bit of weather when the quarter-finals will begin.
However, the Saturday game shows that the Americans here made the noise of their unexpected series, four years after they took the last place among the 12 teams on London games.
BEM was in that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first took the cranberry for hockey on the grass, when she was 3 ( her older sister twins played in this sport in Drexel ), and joined the national team at age 16, becoming her youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she did not pass the qualifying round into the final line-up.
Then came 2012, when everyone did not laugh at her and her comrades on the team.
Next year, Koeig Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed as a coach, and everything started to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, change in physical training," BEM said.
In London we did not have such a performance that is now.
We have completely changed our views.
On Thursday night, BEM opened an account in the first half of the game with uncomfortable hands on a short distance.
India went to the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team showed themselves surprisingly tough and kept the score of 1 to 0 until the end of the third period, when BEM took the initiative into his hands.
She took a long pass with the ball down the left side of the field, then the spiral went into the middle and sharply sent the ball into the gate, thereby giving the Americans an advantage of 2 to 0.
Melissa Gonzalez added a final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The victory was the first at a tournament for US goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who had passed one naked in each of the first three wins.
She is in shock.
Like BEM.
"We are in a good position right now," Parnham said, but how good it depends on the outcome of Saturday's game.
In the midst of the infirmity of the Olympic Games, the jumps on the trampoline
Wherever you are, as long as it is now, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem constant and inevitable, it is a frenzied combination of competition and aspiration.
As if the Olympic fire itself and there is a burning torch, which is transmitted from the beam to the swimmer, to the gymnast, to the triathlon.
You can not include TV, read the newspaper or listen to your neighbours in the cafe and not to hear about Simon Beck, Kathy Ledeki or the enmity between Michael Felves and Chad de Klo.
And still there is Logan Duley.
Duli, for the first time participating in the Olympic Games, the beauty of the cheeks, could well be among those celebrities shown in the prime-time, who are promoted by sponsors and life-affirming commercials if he was a swimmer, a gymnast or even a fencing.
But the 28-year-old Duli from the town of Lake Forest in California is fighting for gold in Olympic competitions on batting.
The Olympic fire does not illuminate all events equally.
Further from the center, partly in the shadows, are those sports that are not recognized: Shooting from a pneumatic pistol, shooting of onions, badminton, thekvondo.
Brass will always be with us, a long Kingdom.
But if I am allowed to speak in defence of my personal addiction, allow you to draw your attention to the modest charm of jumps on the trampoline.
Although jumping on the trampoline is an Olympic sport since 2000, when they debuted at games in Sydney, over the past 16 years they have received so little recognition that many interviewed people were not aware that they were at all about Olympic sports.
It may be regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to competitions, they never won medals in jumps on the trampoline, and their athletes did not go out in the final until 2012.
Chinese and Russians tend to share male awards, and Chinese and Canadians are women.
Dun Dun of China and Rose Maclennan from Canada will defend their London gold medals this year.
But jumping on the trampoline has a scarf of an outsider, in particular because for an unenlightened ear is more likely to be associated with a circus colleague than with the Olympic Games.
Here I have to admit that I am not an expert, but only a landing.
They really have a comical potential - it is a cartoon mill of never-ending jumps - but also the elegance of gymnastics and jumps in water, two sports, which they are mostly combined.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el trampolín," meaning "springboard for water jumps."
Challenger Raila Odinga was running almost 20 points ahead of Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki in preliminary election results released Friday, reports UPI.
They are assessed by execution, complexity and flight time, according to the official program of the Olympic Games.
Thirty two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The most popular Olympic course is in the first place.
The applicants for the medal should go further, faster, higher and higher in the pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes to the finish.
They aspire not only to the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in view of the TV cameras, to another dodgy border: A world or an Olympic record.
This is a hard drive of noble, worthy of admiration, even fanatical - and it is enough to force even the viewer.
But it, in my opinion, is somewhat tired of watching the Games.
From him jumping on the trampoline gives the respite.
The direction of the batter is up.
Moving forward is not a goal.
He or she climbs, it seems to be weightless, as an astronaut, flies up, then down, then without effort again upwards.
And in them, of course, it is not without competition or difficulties, but throughout the program there is no insane zeal to the finish, no jumps in length, only a soft, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the closest to Zen Olympic sport.
Female qualifying competitions, and then the final will take place on Friday afternoon, broadcast an hour of the day on Eastern European time; male - on Saturday, also an hour.
NBC will broadcast the final within the framework of the day program starting from 14: 00 in both days.
In the midst of an Olympic madness, it is expected to be calm, a wonderful moment that can be easily swallowed in a common landfill.
And if the growth of consciousness can only be achieved by male athletes, as well as the Wall Street Journal, recently assumed male hymns from the United States, - Duli is only waiting for his new admired crowd of fans.
A generation of protesters in Ethiopia, a longstanding U.S. ally
Fierce protests in Ethiopia
The demonstrators, demanding political change in Ethiopia, faced fierce opposition from the government.
Witnesses say dozens of protesters were fatally wounded during clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia really on the verge of split?
Over the past decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a solid ally of the West with a rapidly developing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have shocked the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
In the last week alone, thousands of people took to the streets, demanding radical political changes.
According to human rights defenders, the reaction of the government was cruel.
Witnesses claimed that police officers shot dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Videos of protests allegedly shot at the end of the past or earlier this year show how security officers beat young people with sticks when they put their hands on the wall.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country from disintegration, and it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the head of the African Rog project in the international research crisis group.
Ethiopia is the second densely populated country in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
U.S. military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and almost no country in Africa receives such support from the West.
The Ethiopian economy is developing at an impressive speed.
Its infrastructure has improved considerably - there is even a new suburban train in the capital of Addis Ababa.
And its streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia has hardly been a model of democracy - human rights organizations are constantly referring to government repression - opposition in the territory of the state was pressured, due to the fact that dissidents were actually forced to silence.
Many of them were referred to, imprisoned, killed or expelled to remote deserts.
But it can change.
"If people are constantly suppressed and do not leave them other options except to protest, the rebellion will rise," said Seoum Teshoma, a university lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole youth protests.
The generation protests.
Complaints are numerous, ranging from land use, to the seizure of power by the government coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the government party and its allies completely ousted the opposition and now control 100 percent of Parliament.
At the same time, the tension along the border with Eritrea is growing; the fight for this uncertain, disputed border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Front National Liberation of Ogaden, may try to use excitement and rearmament.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, a few years of boiling in the depths of the soul, erupt now.
The first, seemingly totally innocuous: The smartphones.
In the last couple of years, a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate on social networks, because cheap smartphones have become mundane, and the Internet service has become better.
Even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often happens, especially during protests, many people still find the opportunity to communicate through proxy servers that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that they were organized for protests.
The second is that there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
During the centuries, Amhara from predominantly Christian high-mountain areas of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting Oromo, many of whom are Muslims and live in low-lying areas.
But it is also changing.
"We will act together under a single start," said Mulatu Gemechu, leader of Oromo.
The largest protests took place in the areas of Amhara and Oromo.
Many of Amhara and Oromo feel that Ethiopia is unjustly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which accounts for about 6 per cent of the population, which controls military and intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third cause of the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenaui.
Meles, a former rebel leader, served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, up to his death from an unknown illness in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could anticipate the danger.
Analysts argue that he was particularly skilful to recognize the first signals of discontent and used intelligence officers to obtain data and remove opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, an analyst in conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hylemariam Desalene, came from nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was from the region of Tigray in northern Ethiopia, Haylemariam is a southern one.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the trust of the security services controlled by the Tories.
Many fear that, as a result, it will lead to even greater bloodshed.
Last time, Ethiopia experienced such unrest in 2005, after thousands of people were protesting against the fact that, as analysts said, it seemed to be an election that the government had caught up and then forged the results.
In the ensuing repressions, many Protestants were killed, albeit in a smaller number compared to the last months, and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
The development experts expressed their appreciation to the Ethiopian leaders for the far-sighted development of infrastructure, such as a new long-distance train and significant progress in the fight against poverty.
But it is clear that this did not stop the growth of internal discontent with the Ethiopian government.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a town in Amhara, attacked enterprises belonging to Tigray, and anti-Tygrad hatred on social networks becomes comprehensive.
Analysts say protesters are putting the United States and other Western allies in an uncomfortable position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned flights over neighbouring Somalia, although it recently announced that it had closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand he does not want its ally to lose power in an already unstable region.
"And it will be hard to pass on this strained rope," Abdi said.
Donald Trump explains his statement that ISIS was founded by Obama, sarcasm
Donald J. Trump tried to lure the latest conflict that gripped his campaign headquarters on Friday, claiming he was joking, when several times this week stated that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the founders of the terrorist group Islamic State.
The clarification raised new questions about the ability of the Republican presidential candidate to address the American people.
It also placed his deputies, who tried to protect him during a period of unrest, in an awkward position because they had to explain the statements he probably did not have in mind.
Having expressed this assumption at the congress on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on his approval on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that the president and Clinton founded ISIS.
But in a post in Twitter early on Friday morning, Trump wrote that he was just cheering.
This post was the direct opposite of the allegation made just a day earlier when Trump stated in several interviews that he was absolutely serious in his accusation.
When the radio presenter Hugh Hughes tried to help Trump to soften the saying, reminding him that Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not take advantage of the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when Trump was trying to reorient his campaign to the economy amid a decline in rating.
Trump and Clinton have spoken with competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again attempted to return to the subject.
Once again, having resorted to a tweet, he preached that Clinton's plans would lead to an increase in taxes and stated that it was boring.
Trump has already used sarcasm as an excuse.
At the end of July, after he was attacked by universal criticism, almost expressing the idea that the Russian should be hacked by e-mail to Clinton, he later explained his comments, saying.
Such an approach allows Trump to go beyond the permissible political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think it is his way to test those or other messages that are in response to his fans, to see how they act, and then" explain "them to one side, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communication expert who conducted an analysis of the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is cautious in his remarks and knows that they are vague enough to treat them in different ways.
Instead of softening remarks for a broad electorate, Trump has taken an even more ulcerative tone in recent days, while his rating continues to fall.
The new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, published on Friday, showed that Trump is inferior to Clinton with a large margin in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and is going with her in Florida.
Although Trump is usually trying not to apologise for the provocative things that he says, he often accuses his critics of the wrong interpretation of his words and misunderstanding of his sense of humor.
But as Trump has become an object of heightened attention in the last months of the presidential campaign, his jokes have put his faithful allies in an awkward position: They have to publicly support him, however provocative his sayings.
Rudolf U. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, who is one of the most famous Vice-Presidents, has made a serious effort to protect the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political comment," Giuliani said when he was asked about the credibility of Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
It is true, in the sense that before Obama, ISIS was an almost unknown small organization, he called it not a threat, absolutely unfair, and that is why it all happened because he brought troops out of Iraq.
Most of the average Republicans believe that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as Secretary of State, has allowed ISIS to develop, as it has not managed to settle the situation in the Middle East.
Before a rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continued in Twitter to attack the media for disarming each of his words and bias against him.
He abused the "poor unhappy" television experts who are trying to solve it, and said, "They are weak!"
Some Democrats have ridiculed the excuses of Trump, as it is superfluous to confirm that he is not fit for president.
Once ousted coffee maker returns to Greenpoint
The "Verb" coffee shop was scarred, taking only a cash place in Williamberg, where there was no Wi-Fi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, she was pushed out of his room with a window on Bedford Avenue.
The Soup Sheri shop, which took the place of Verb in the summer of 2014, is engaged in the sale of soap in the form of cakes.
Local residents mourned her as the last loss in an updated city.
The artist Molly Krabapl wrote in Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but still can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel is destroyed and" Verb "has now become a store of soap."
But even though New York is constantly changing, it is, in turn, updated.
The revived coffee maker Verb opened in November last year in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original place.
In the new Verbe there are Wi-Fi and accept credit cards, but there are some of the same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
In addition, coffee is still good.
In the head of the new Verba is Sisko Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old coffee shop, who is the owner and general manager in the new place.
He started to work in Verbe in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the clients offered to sponsor him in a new place, he said he would happily have gone.
Rodriguez, who is 36 years old, has left a lot in the old form.
Verb works with the same distributor of baseball and bought the same model of the coffee machine.
In it even installed chandeliers from the old Verba.
But Rodriguez said he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon, egg and cheese, and are available in the presence of toppings of capers or fried onions.
There are dishes of brown rice.
In the coffee shop no longer serve beer, but now prepare freshly cut juices.
Nine months later, Rodriguez said he had paid attention to the constant flow of old permanent customers.
"Many former clients have also issued prices from Williamsberg," he said.
In one of the recent Sundays, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these customers.
Oliveira, who was 34 years old, had previously lived in Williamsberg and often visited Verb.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she still went there.
After the closure of Verba, she said she stopped drinking coffee for some time.
"I realized that it was coffee and the atmosphere impounded me in" Verbe, "she said.
Now, she is drinking coffee again, although on that day instead of the usual ice-coffee she ordered bathed tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another long-time client, visited "Verb" since 2003.
He walked in front of the job and ordered the same thing.
"In fifteen minutes of the eighth, every day, as on the clock, I came, and for me I was preparing my baseball with oil and with all the beginnings," he said.
Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes in the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still makes the usual order, but one day it changes with the help of bacon, eggs or cheese on the baseball with all the beginnings.
Rodriguez said that he was not offended by the fact that the soap shop once seized the old place.
Moreover, the owners of Sop Sheri were offered to make a special soap for Verba, using coffee from the coffee shop, cooked in a cold way, as a ingredient.
"I think we may agree on their proposal," Rodriguez said.
The permanent residents of the GreenPoint of Polish origin also loved this coffee shop.
One of these new clients transferred the menu to the Polish language, and Rodriguez said he was planning to find a place for him in the window so that his new neighbours felt desirable.
The new place has other benefits.
The local point for the sale of juices plans to spill over bottles and sell coffee, cooked in a cold way.
There is a possibility that the coffee maker will join a nearby building.
For many customers, it is enough that the new Verb will include their favorite dishes in the menu.
Joseph Witt was a permanent client and shared that he was killed by grief when they closed down.
When the coffee shop opened in a new place, Uitt said that, entering inside and ordering a cup of coffee, he felt as if he had returned home.
"How long ago I wanted to feel this fragrance," he admitted.
A depressive meal of depression in a dense meal
In March 1933, shortly after the ascent of the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt loved the trendy dishes of Fifth Avenue, for example, the fua-gra and the Merilendsky turtle soup.
His menu on this day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato foam and dessert - pudding of Montenegrin.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who suffered," Jane Zigelman said.
Her husband Andrew Kou added: "It was also a message to the Americans about how to eat."
The spouses living in Brooklyn-Hayts are specialists in the history of food.
The last book of Koua, "Ragu in Chinese," was devoted to Chinese cuisine in America, and Zigelman told the story of life in an apartment in Nizhny Ist-Sayde through a meal in his book "House 97 on the Street of the Fruit Garden."
Their new joint work of a tight meal, which will be published on Tuesday by Harper, is the story of American food in the Great Depression.
With some degree of culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny short snack in the Fleet Quarter, which has been working since 1929, the year of the Birge collapse.
Zigelman, 54, ordered the cream cheese and sandwich with pieces of olives, and Khou, 57, took the Indian, potato foam and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered a meat roll, the pair calculated it as a suitable starting point for discussion about food in the era of Depressia.
"The rolls were in great demand," Zigelman said.
There was a peanut roll, a sad roll, a bean roll.
They were made of the main ingredient and cheap products, which were allowed to stretch the ingredient.
Imagine that you ate so many peanuts, how much you need for dinner.
Kou tweeted.
"Probably, he was lying in the stomach stone," he said.
In the years before Depressia, the American table, especially in rural areas, was a Swedish table.
Groups of women were prepared for farm men, and the freshly baked cake was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to the hungry Europeans during the First World War.
"It was a time when the food became a central, difficult theme for Americans," Kou said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
As a matter of fact, there was a new budget diet: The mysterious dishes, such as rolls, and convulsions, became the basic food; the bakery is a wonderful way to recycle the outfits, - because the chefs could hide non-appetizing ingredients under a thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruits were replaced by cheaper dried fruits.
Meat, for many years the former basis of American food, has become an economically distributed luxury.
People have tried strange mixtures, because energy and nutritional value have become more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
In research for the book, which includes recipes, Zigelman has prepared a dish of that era: A baked onion, stuffed peanut oil.
"This addition to the dining table was not a success," Kou said.
Zigelman added: "It was very strange."
Peanut oil is not suitable for a sad onion.
It was typical of many household recipes.
As never before and ever since, specialists in the house industry - including Louise Stanley, the head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - managed the food habits of the country.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become a budget, to accept the challenge and to transform the storm like the lost spaghetti with carrots into delicious dishes.
A dense meal is a pier of curious historical facts.
It is especially pictured about the reaction of the government to the hungry citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Guver in the spirit of "let eat cakes."
He was publicly betrayed by the simple farm of the state of Iowa in his childhood, he was fed as a drowned millionaire.
"He liked the continental kitchen, for example, fish with fire sauce," Kou said.
He has eaten practically in a gold-plated cafeteria, wearing a tug.
He was fantastically detached from reality.
President Roosevelt could make the same mistake if his wife Eleanor did not advise him to provide an example of his own stomach.
As explained in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired the economy, which was absolutely not interested in taste, and it led to the fact that the White House used not only the most bleak food in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting.
Many of the culinary trails of the Depressia era were forgotten once the country got on its feet again.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nourishment, says Zigelman, and on how science was used in cooking.
The spouses say that during the writing of the book they better understood the nutritional habits of the mother Zigelman - that she could not throw food, for example.
"She was seriously afraid of a careless attitude to food," Kou said.
Zigelman recalls: "She has poisoned people in full."
There was one unpleasant case with profiles.
When the plates in Eisenberg � s deserted, they with Kou got a dessert that was prepared at home: A dessert from the Montenegrin, which President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It is called muss from the Montenegrin," said Zigelman, adding that it was a spread - to give modest recipes of brow names.
The whipped cream was not, only Montenegrin, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All of them were reluctant to immerse a spoon in a visc, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was not bad.
Kou twice asked the supplements.
He told his wife that he told his wife that he would not interfere with a little bit of chopped walnuts.
The arrest of the figures on the mass drama at the Hovanhill Cemetery is extended until 14 November
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
14 people are on trial as the accused.
It should be reminded that on May 14, there was a mass drama of several hundred people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus with the use of weapons, killing three people.
The former head of the cemetery Yulia Chabuev and the lawyer, the co-founder of the public organization, Alexander Bacharnikov, is charged with the organization of murder.
The issue of the second for 2016 indexation of pensions can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was announced on 12 August by Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation Olga Golodets during a visit to Bryansk region.
We have specific parameters as to how to increase the pension in order to reduce the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are made.
Now economists are summing up the half-year results, and we will complete this work within the next two to three weeks.
Commenting on the proposed head of the Strategic Development Center, Alexi Kudryin scheme of raising the pension age for six months each year, the Deputy Prime Minister reported that the issue was not considered in Kabul.
At the end of July it was revealed that the Government agreed a position on full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan took part in the final of the competition for shooting of raspberry rifle.
Russian sportsmen Sergey Kamensky and Kirill Grigoryan took part in the final of the competition for shooting of raspberry rifle from the position of lying at the Olympic Games in Brazil.
According to TASS, Sergey Kamensky scored 629 points and took the first place - a new Olympic record in qualifying.
Kirill Grigoryan became the second - 628.9 Bull.
A total of eight best athletes took part in the FINAL.
Kamensky is a world record in this discipline ( 633 ).
Turkish opposition leader Fethullah Gülen demands an international investigation into the circumstances of the coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission investigate the coup attempt," the French newspaper Le Monde quoted him as saying.
The Turkish opposition also stated that "if some of the charges are confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
However, Gülen denies involvement in the state coup, stressing that his organization has never claimed political power.
The court of Istanbul has previously arrested the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Guen.
The attempted military coup took place in Turkey on the night of 15 July 16.
Gilead will reimburse the costs of legal services during a dispute over a patent from hepatitis C with Merck
The company Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to receive reimbursement of the costs of the legal services that it incurred in connection with the problem of the patent for the drug from hepatitis C with the manufacturer of medicinal products Merck & Co Inc, ordered a federal district judge.
In June, Gilead was released from paying 200 million dollars in damages for violating the two patents of Merck, sales leaders, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after an American judge found a number of violations by Merck, including a lie under oath and other unethical actions.
In an appeal to the court on Thursday, U.S. Federal District Court Judge Bet Lebson Friman said Gilead was entitled to reimbursement of expenses incurred during the challenge of the lawsuit.
Merck is trying to catch Gilead, which is dominated by the new generation of hepatitis C drugs, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case took place in 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to the laboratory work, lying on the basis of the software, the active ingredient of the company Gilead.
The armed forces, created with the support of the United States, claim to have intercepted full control of Manbidge from the Islamic State
The armed forces, created with the support of the United States, seized full control over the northern city of Manbidge near the Turkish border, after the last remaining in the city of Islamic State militants have gone, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDS ) are now cleaning the city after serving the remaining group of militants who were hiding in the city.
They have released more than 2,000 civilian hostages held by militants, Reuters news agency Sharfan Darvish from an alliance with the SDS of the military council of Manbidge.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we are making clean-up operations," he told Reuters news agency.
Clinton earned 10.75 million dollars in 2015 and paid 34.2 per cent of the federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled his tax returns for 2015, which showed that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband had this year 10.75 million dollars in income and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent.
In 2015, the Clintons received 1 million dollars in the form of charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton received about 5.3 million dollars in fees for performances, and the former Secretary of State claimed an income of 3 million dollars from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure in the State Department.
Potential Vice President Clinton, U.S. Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, together with his wife, Anna Holton, unveiled tax returns in 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to set the standard of financial transparency," Clinton campaign adviser Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In full contrast to them, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and violates his past promises to unveil his tax declarations.
This is the usual case for US presidential candidates - to publish their tax declarations, although the law does not require it.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers have called a review of the State Tax Service as the reason for his refusal to disclose his tax declarations.
"Your move," wrote in Twitter an adviser to Clinton's campaign headquarters, Ian Sam, referring to the Democratic Party's declaration.
On Thursday, a special adviser to Trump Michael Cohen told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them until the end of the inspections.
Critics of Trump, including Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, said his refusal raises questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business operations and other ties, including Russia.
Clinton caught up on this question and on Friday released an online video, in which the main place was given to outstanding Republicans who urged Trump to unveil the tax report.
On Thursday, she raised this question during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what everyone has done without exception to the presidential candidate for dozens of years: To unveil his tax returns," she said.
The newspaper Politico reported that Trump did not pay any or almost any taxes in two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times newspaper on Friday cited many lawyers for taxation and accountants, who believe that it may be the case so far.
The federal tax rate has become the subject of a dispute in the presidential election.
Clinton supported the rule named in honor of the billionaire, investor Warren Buffett, who would guarantee that people who receive more than 1 million dollars a year will pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, in the state of Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based there, offered Trump to meet and exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said he was also under the test of the IRS, and that Trump is afraid not to collect taxes, but voters.
The campaign headquarters of Clinton unveiled tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, in New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 per cent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective cumulative tax rate of approximately 40.5 per cent.
The Clintons Declaration for 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, only for 100 dollars of their income the source was salaries.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund fund, and the Clintons claimed dividends and income from capital in the amount of 109 000 dollars.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with powder chili and fireworks increase the protection of Tanzanian elephants
The fighters for the protection of the environment in Tanzania use a non-traditional way to prevent elephants from being beaten in settlements - throwing condoms filled with powder.
The method proved to be effective, and the organization of Honeyguide Foundation, which came to the head this idea a few years ago, together with the American Committee for Nature Protection took his promotion, training volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania to use non-violent with four steps, a way to protect their homes and crops without causing harm to animals.
Earlier, many used the spear to protect themselves.
On Friday, there will be World Day of elephants dedicated to the protection of animals.
"Since we have invented a set of tools..., we are witnessing a change in attitudes within these communities, as a result of which they are much more confident that they will be able not to let elephants on their fields without causing the elephants to harm."
The first two steps are to light the torch in front of the broken border of the elephant and the supply of signals with the help of the horns.
If he was unable to scare off, the so-called cloud was thrown away.
The powder, mixed with the kidney, is placed with the chlorine in the condom, and its end is twisted, the outside is only a fitile.
During the ignition and the condom burst with a thunderstorm, spraying the shallow dust of the powder in the air.
One arc is usually enough to deploy the elephant to the other side.
An extreme measure is a start-up device that shoots Roman candles into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey has not yet returned 32 Turkish diplomats who fled the country after the coup attempt in July.
Such data led to the head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry Mevluth Chushoglu in a conversation with local journalists.
At the first stage, we withdrew 208 personnel diplomats to continue to work in the centre.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations were not returned, the head of the Turkish foreign policy department said.
It should be reminded that in July a coup attempt was made in Turkey.
The government officially stated that the state coup failed, and also reported the detention of more than six thousand people, among them military officials of the highest and middle levels.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey, 290 people died as a result of the coup attempt.
The Jewish director sharply criticized the Berlin hotel for removing the telephone code of Israel on the request of the Arabs, the RT News channel reported.
The French director of Jewish origin has unleashed a media scandal, revealing that the hotel Kempinski Bristol in Berlin does not have on the list of the telephone code of Israel.
Claude Lanzman, the author of the documentary on the Holocaust "Shoah," expressed his dissatisfaction with the hotel Kempinski Bristol in Berlin, writing an open letter to the German media FAZ.
During his recent stay, Lanzman tried to find Israel on the list of telephone codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among states where one can call directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, Israel is excluded and eradicated?
Wrote Lanzman.
In return, Kempinski Bristol provides an opportunity to recruit Israel through its own telephone service center.
In search of the explanation, the director raised this question at the reception of the hotel administration.
The answer he got there, according to Lanzman, "shocked him."
Klerk Hotel said that the measure was "a deliberate decision of the management of the Kempinski hotel network."
The reason behind this step has caused an even greater anger of the Director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that the Israeli code be removed," said Lanzman, an employee of the hotel.
Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a "terrible shame," the Suddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
It is, in fact, a terrible shame.
What happened in Germany and it is in this network of hotels, an even greater shame.
There is no explanation here.
We expect the hotel to make the right conclusions, the official said.
The case caused considerable resonance on the Internet; people called it a scandal.
Some argued that the Kempinski Hotel simply "went on" to the alleged demands of the Arab clients.
It was said in another post, where it was pointed out that the hotel, located on the glorious street Kurfurstendamm, is near the synagogue.
The hotel itself has rushed to mark any charges, calling the incident "undercover" and "apologizing" to Lanzman, the newspaper Der Spiegel reported.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in the list of rapid recruitment," the representative of the Kempinski newspaper Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted him as saying.
She adds that the code has now added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters Brazilian students
Students were confronted by police in the Brazilian city of São Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The unrest began when police officers attempted to disperse students, causing police to use rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their concerns about the plans.
In accordance with the proposals of the Governor of São Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, nearly 100 public secondary schools will be closed and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some protesters could be seen for writing on the walls of graffiti directed against temporarily acting President Michael Temer.
This last protest happened just a few days after the protesters took to the streets to support the ousted President Dilma Rousseff when the Senate voted for her impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran rose by 71% - RT Business portal
With the abolition of sanctions, trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 per cent compared to the previous year, according to Russian Ambassador to Iran Levan Jagaryan.
As international sanctions against Iran have been dropped, there is a rise in interest from Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are renewing ties with Iran, and new firms are ready to access the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, Jagarian said.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 per cent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose by 91.5 per cent and amounted to 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent, to 158 million dollars.
The increase in trade was achieved through the supply of machine equipment, ground vehicles and weapons, the ambassador said.
Jagarian also predicts that Russia will visit a record number of Iranian tourists this year.
Last year, the diplomatic representation of Russia in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly tourist, Iranian citizens.
Moreover, for the first time, Iran has entered the top 20 countries by the number of tourists visiting Russia.
It is safe to say that the last year record of the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be beaten, he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which, the Ambassador hopes, will change.
"I personally recommend to visit the cities of Isfahan, Chirac and Yam, where the monuments of ancient Persian civilization are preserved in good condition," he said.
The state continues to roll the screws in the defense and industrial complex.
The reason for the dismissal was the "systematic failure" of the General Director of Almaz-Antey, "omissions in work" and "loss of trust."
Gennady Bendersky was appointed head of the NGO for the next three years.
The information on the dismissal of Neskorodova appeared only on Thursday evening and did not cause a wide resonance in the media.
What explains this silence in the conditions of large-scale rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the leadership of the Russian Federation does not wish to spread any rumours or negative assumptions in the public environment.
This confirms once again that the defence and industrial complex (OPK) has many problems and the State does not wish to attract greater attention from society.
The removal of Neskorodova is undoubtedly an important event in terms of conducting order in the industry.
The NGO "Almaz" is the main company of the company, which specializes in the production of anti-aircraft missile complexes ( ZRK ) of sea and ground base.
Currently, Almaz is working on the creation of ZRK and Morfey, which is planned to be installed on new corvets, frigates, destroyers and cruiser.
The founder of the portal Military Russia Dmitry Kornev believes that the dismissal of Neskorodova is caused by the breakdown of the terms of the projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of Morfea started as early as 2007, and the commissioning was expected in 2013.
It is necessary to become the main air defense system on the newest ships of the Navy.
According to the information I receive, no truly successful test has been carried out in a few years of testing.
However, as far as I can judge, there is no unambiguous fault of Almaza, Cornev said.
The expert fears that the delay in commissioning may occur with ZRK "C-500."
The development of the project has not yet been completed, but in 2016, the first complexes should enter the troops.
In the Ministry of Defence, it is assured that the work is planned and everything will be completed in due time, although in 2014 the Office recognized the problems with the development of the C-500.
It is extremely difficult to give an assessment of the professional qualities of Neskorodov, led by Almazom since 2011.
Kornev stated that the breakdown of the terms of the projects could be both a cause and a cause of dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to extract information on internal processes in the OPK and plans of management of enterprises.
The industry has received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and big money is known to love silence.
As a rule, the directors of defense companies leave posts at their own request, under the agreement on the agreement of the parties or transferred to another job.
In this case, the removal took place publicly, although it did not receive resonance.
This leads to the idea that the head of Almaz was, perhaps, a figure of a string and resisted the descent from above.
Apparently, the state does not intend to tolerate such behaviour.
In the hands of shareholders, it will remove those who prefer to argue with the Ministry of Defense and do not fulfill the tasks.
At the same time, the leadership of the Russian Federation aims to punish the managers ( the machinations on the Zvezda shipyard ).
Increased attention to the problems of the sector is paid personally by the president.
Vladimir Putin is head of the Military Industrial Commission and holds periodic meetings on rearming.
The Kremlin is protecting the ranks of the OPK managers, seeking to have a loyal board of directors, who will carry out the above orders.
This is not an ideal policy, however, against the background of corruption and lack of normal competition in the OPK of other instruments, the state does not.
The current situation in defense, of course, is not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin as soon as possible to bring in order the Armed forces.
At the same time, the management of the Russian Federation is taking quite successful steps to improve the professionalism of Russian troops.
The personnel of the army has acquired a new quality with the arrival of Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.
The president has taken the impression that the president has taken the famous saying that the world is preparing for War.
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and the nuclear parity achieved in the 1970s led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, which secured Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
In all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked effectively.
Proof of this was the absence of wars on the European continent and a relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The celebration of the winners in the Cold War eventually turned into a strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of attacks in Europe and the United States in the civilized world, there is probably no calm corner.
Despite the general trouble, the West refuses to talk to Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such conditions, the only allies of our country remain the fleet and the army.
The strengthening of military power will allow Moscow to effectively defend national interests and to reach new borders of world politics.
Scottish Callum Skinner mocks on the finish straight, causing Britons to capture bicycle gold
The Scots Kallum Skinner mocked to the triumph in the male command sprinkler on the velodrome in Rio last night, as a result the team trio of Britain defended his title from London 2012.
The 23-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the strongest, which his boyfriend of the Scots Sir Chris Ho made his own, and the young man proudly fought in history, waving at the finish straight to break the victory of the favorite team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the rights to an unexpected victory four years ago, winning when Ho declared the right to a fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick, after finishing modestly sixth at the March World Cup in London, despite the fact that he had finished his career.
The question between Beijing and London was the replacement of the participant.
They did so at a time when Hindes appeared.
The departure of Hoya also created the emptiness that Kian Emadi and Matt Kremton tried to fill in.
Skinner was a man who was held by British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scots, which has now been implemented.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Ho four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the regulation was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was exactly behind after his circle, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner supported.
The change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hindes was driving on a greater transfer to slow down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep the pace.
He watched from his seat as an invited BBC expert and caught the eyes of Skinner, Kenny and Hindesa, when they entered the pedestal.
The 23-year-old Skinner of Glasgow said, "This is a flattering comparison."
I am here to do everything possible and make the name of yourself.
We set an Olympic record in the final and won the champions of the world.
It was unbelievable.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hou, Hindes admitted deliberately fell on the track after a failed start.
He later rebuffed the comment, and there was no way to file an appeal from UK competitors.
There was no such question this time in the greatest victory.
Hindes said, "I felt like in London, with all the British flags on the podium."
We all as the team met in the past three months.
We played on so many races with the world name that winning the Olympiad was just amazing.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which won seven of the 10 names of races in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of progress made in the past five months, Velodrom is waiting for another five successful days.
With the form demonstrated by Kenny, it is not beyond the opportunity to imagine how he repeats the feat of Hoya, winning three Olympic gold medals in one Games.
It would be able to see how Kenny - which is exactly 12 years younger than Hoya, who was also born on 23 March ( it seems to be a sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Faraha and Roger Bannister ) - brings his account to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also be like Hoya.
The next time, Kenny is competing in the sprinkler, which begins today and is playing for three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said, "I just enjoy it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your comrades.
A little lonely win one, if honestly.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he must get a knight."
It was the only one for the day of the draw of medals, but there were subsequent good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clay, Steven Berk and Owen Dull are qualified as the fastest four-mile command race to prosecute four.
They finished 3: 51.943.
The world record set at winning gold in London 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and final ( 10: 42 p.m. ) will take place today, on the second day of the event, where Wiggins will definitely be in the spotlight.
He had a discussion with commissioners yesterday, on the eve of qualifying arrival, when officials demanded to measure his weight.
In the corresponding female event, which is renewed and completed tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rosell Shee, Elinor Barker and Kathy Archibald of Milngavi improved the world record, showing time 4: 13.260.
The command UK has come to what relies on the mighty team of cyclists to take the average period of the Olympic Games and earn a bunch of medals.
After actually exceptional demonstrations of full superiority in Beijing and London, expectations were weakened in gradual preparation for Rio.
There were dramas in the second plan, not the last one - the departure of the technical director Sheen Satton in April due to accusations of sexism and harassment, and leaving large figures such as Ho and Victoria Pendelton.
However, on the basis of the race of the first evening on the velodrome, it seems that the legendary now glory of Britain in reaching the tops at the right time, perhaps, will be repeated again.
The future of the Portland Metallurgical Plant under threat due to the termination of the electricity contract
The future of the Portland aluminium plant in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers - is under threat because the electric power company, which supplies the plant, is going to terminate the supply agreement: It is planned that all supply contracts will be terminated.
This step is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the Government of Victoria, not to extend subsidies provided to support the operation of the plant.
A fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs can be threatened at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
A total of 2,000 jobs - directly and indirectly - may be in the risk zone as a result of any closure.
There may also be additional indirect consequences, as the metallurgical plant consumes about 10 percent of the total electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the metallurgical plant in Henry Henry, which led to the closure of the power plant in Enclay last year.
The Portland Metallurgical Plant of Alcoa is losing money and risks closing.
These actions were the result of thinking about the future of the plant, which has been continuing for several years, initially due to the strong positions of the Australian dollar, and later because of the price of the plant.
AGL, which supplies a large aluminium plant of electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrob Valli, has reported that the other three owners will also take steps to terminate the Treaty.
The controlling share of the plant belongs to the joint short-term enterprise of Alcoa and alumina, and Chinese company CITIC and Japanese company Marubeni Corp belong to smaller shares.
"AGL expects that the port facility will continue to operate, that is, that the physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not stop," she said.
According to AGL, the mentioned contracts are so-called hedge contracts, which were to enter into force in November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month period of termination, so they will actually end in 2017.
"Accordingly, AGL still expects these contracts to bring their share of income in the 2017 fiscal year," the electric power company said.
Whatever the potential impact on the profits of AGL, starting from the 2018 financial year, is limited to forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
The company AGL stated that it had already reduced the amount of contracts in its report by 187 million dollars in view of the upcoming termination.
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts does not affect the ability of Alcoa to manage the metallurgical plant or to supply electricity to the metallurgical plant.
The American company said it had signed a 20-year contract in 2010, which was to enter into force in November this year, but it has yet to explain why she terminated the contract.
Analysts were wary of the possible closure of both the Portland Metallurgical Plant in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle because of the adverse economic situation in the industry.
Addressing analysts earlier this week, AGL service chief Stephen Mickelsen said Portland annually uses about 600 megawatts of energy, and Tomago is about 900 megawatts.
If both of these plants leave the market, there will be a significant reduction in demand in the market -LSB- electricity -RSB-.
For us, as for the manufacturer, it will be bad, "he said.
Not only the star of the reality show Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September number Vogue
Kendall Jenner, aged 20, the model and the fourth daughter of Kardashian-Jenner-Jenner mother-manager Chris, appeared on the vocal September cover of the American Vogue magazine.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee Lauder and debranded on weeks of fashion in Milan, Paris and New York, reported this news in his account in the Institute on thursday.
"Being in the room together with my beloved people, I looked at this cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
The news about the cover was accompanied by a strange ( or simply in the spirit of the Kardashian family? ), prepared by the real video, in which the whole family of Kardashian Jenner ( deboyhood Rob and Keitlin, also joined the universal most beloved uncle of the show business, and at the end - a classic turn: They were planning a party surprise.
This is the standard storyline of almost all episodes of children TV shows dedicated to the birthday party ( Sicross is saying that we have forgotten about you ), but Chris was necessary for this fame to be given to other girls.
Because with this episode, dedicated to the September number of Vogue, we have undoubtedly entered the new era of the show Kardashian.
Let the older sister Kendall Kim and got on the cover of Vogue before ( she appeared on her with her husband Kanye West in April 2014 ), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling release of Vogue for a year.
The thickness is similar to the gift edition than on the fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers ( according to the portal Fashionista, 615 pages from last year 832 page release contained advertising ).
The news about who of the star gets on his cover is expected to be so eagerly that in the last two years the photos of the magazine were merged before the official announcement.
The number of previous women caught on the cover includes Naomi Campbell, Linda Gospel and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover has certainly been presented with more "celebrities that work models" than "models that are celebrities."
The Oscar winner and the face of Dior Jennifer Lawrence was unveiled on the cover in 2013, a year after the honor of Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely case, if Jenner, who the magazine described as his generation, gets into the first category, she is in a good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, stars of reality show or modern children who know how to make a good video in Snapchat ( though Jenner gets into all these categories ).
These are really talented women who succeed in the entertainment industry.
For Beyonse, which appeared on last year cover, this year was one of the most successful in the career in connection with the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy to succeed Jenner.
Jenner's position in the fashion world, because of her past star of television reality show, always had to remain shaky.
In June, one of the first models of Victoria's Secret Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague, Jigi Hadid, calling them "cramps of the moment."
These sentiments were rebuffed after news of the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no sense of disillusionment.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September number of Vogue.
It is a supermodel in all the senses of this word.
It debranches for Mark Jacobs.
It sells you tonal cream from Estee Lauder.
She, yes, and all her sisters, sell your photos in their own applications, available on a paid subscription.
She is selling the photos of daughter Sindy Crawford magazine LOVE.
And in the free time, it is possible to see with her sister Cortney and her children, she participates in a reality show on television.
Public legal centres refuse to service 160,000 people per year
Every year, more than 160,000 least protected members of the population are denied service in public legal centres, as the sector is preparing for an effect that will further reduce funding for and so already on the limit.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, people who do not have the capacity to deal with unfair deprivation of property, and so on - have already refused to seek free legal aid and representation.
Public legal services, already working outside the opportunities, are preparing for further cuts.
Since June next year, these legal centres should lose another 30 percent of federal funding.
The Director of Queensland Public Legal Centres James Farrell said that according to the report of the latest census of the National Association of Public Legal Centres, thousands of people per year were refused.
Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government would not be revoked, the situation would only worsen.
"Queensland public legal centres are constantly receiving insufficient funding: It means that thousands of people are denied the vital services they need," he said.
People who come out of violent relations, people with uncontrollable and torn debts, families passing through divorce, unjustly dismissed workers - all these people have problems of legal character, and it shows that they can not receive the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands of less protected Queensland residents will be forced to address complex legal issues without help.
We call on the Minister of Justice and Senator George Brandis to immediately cancel these funding cuts so that people can get the necessary help when they face legal problems.
Last year, the State Government fulfilled its commitment to raise funding for free legal aid to the national average.
Now is the time to pay attention to the needs of public legal centres and communities, their clients, and the government of Palachuk is time to invest in this important job.
On the campaign headquarters, Donald Trump sued the court after the employee was allegedly threatened by a gun
According to reports from New York, Donald Trump's campaign headquarters filed with the court: It is alleged that the headquarters did not take anything after the message that his operating director in North Carolina threatened a pistol when they drove in a jeep in February.
The incident was described in a court case filed on Wednesday in a state court in Charlotte Winstone, a former instructor at work with software in the state campaign headquarters.
He said he had been waiting for a few months, so that the problem was allowed in the domestic order, but realized that it would not happen.
The director of Erl Phillip has taken a pistol, put his right pointed finger on a bunch and sent a dulo on the knee cup of Vincendi, - says Bordini in the complaint.
Having complained to the local and regional administration of the campaign headquarters, he realized that at least four more people were involved in similar incidents with Phillip, it was claimed in circulation.
"Pistols do not have to shoot to cause harm," he said in a complaint.
The lawsuit took place just two days after the Republican presidential candidate pronounced the furor, telling the audience in North Carolina that the people of the Second Amendment - understood as gun owners and his amateurs - could start to act if his rival Hillary Clinton will be elected and will be able to select judges.
The campaign headquarters of Trump said that the media threw his words out of context, and that he did not speak in support of violence.
In his complaint, he demands compensation from the campaign headquarters for careless control, and from Phillip - for the threat of physical violence, insult to action and causing non-pecuniary damage.
Trump spokesman Hawpe Hicks is slow to respond to a request to give a comment.
Attempts to talk to Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news partner in Charlotte, reported that Phillip had recently gone from the campaign headquarters.
In response to the call in his consulting firm, Innovative consulting services, no one quickly called.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court, Division of the High Court of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain should guide Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local settlements and in general in London, but also throughout the country.
As for me, it was exactly the huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made every effort to ensure that our peoples and regions benefit from the Games.
The Olympic Games brought great benefits to Stratford and East Enda.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for locals and firms near Heathrow.
Only for our local settlements we will create 10,000 new internships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think the task of expanding Heathrow is too large.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for Olympic games, and that we would be in a difficult position on the world stage.
The skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow responds to any question asked about it.
Like the Olympic Games Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority, not just for a narrow circle.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and throughout the United Kingdom.
We have a wonderful team in Heathrow, which has implemented a program of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment in a timely manner and within the budget, from the T5 - an elected best terminal of the airport five years in a row, up to the two, built in the middle of the two most employed in the world of runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The Olympic Games in London 2012 were a huge success for Britain, and I am sure that the expansion of Heathrow will also be.
It is time for us to send the Olympic spirit to the right track and expand Heathrow, ensuring our trade future and creating a legacy of skills and employment, which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton - Chairman of the Heathrow Council and former Trade Attaché of the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook play in the cat mouse on the issue of blocking advertising
For companies that earn money on Internet advertising, attempts to circumvent the software to block advertising are a game in the "cat-mouse," according to one of the companies that create such software.
On Thursday, literally a couple of days after Facebook announced it was going to block advertising blockers on their desktop version of the site, Adblock Plus posted a record in the blog that users can update their filters in the program to block advertising in the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the site will change the fourth round of its advertising, so that advertising blockers will become more difficult to recognize which parts of the page are advertising.
But Adblock now claims to have been able to circumvent the new code.
In his publication in the blog, Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between the community of open-source advertising blockers and those trying to circumvent it continues from the moment of the invention of the advertisement," and it is possible that Facebook will present its own decision in the near future.
The fact that the largest social network in the world has entered the fight is a clear indication of how big the problem is the blocking of advertising for the industry.
Throughout the world, about 200 million people use advertising blockers, according to a last year study by Pagefair and Adobe; almost four times the number of those who used such software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who go to Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 per cent of Facebook revenue from advertising.
However, the company is hunting for blocking advertising on the desktop version, as mobile advertising blockers are ineffective in the mobile applications of Facebook for the social network and the Institute, according to the representative.
But still advertising in the desktop version is a fairly profitable article so that Facebook considers such a step a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced it was going to update its advertising preferences tool to provide people with more control over how they are targeting advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook said the new Adblock filters are worrying, as they will also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an official electronic letter.
Advertising blockers are a rough tool, so we instead focused on creating tools such as Advertising preferences to pass management into the hands of people.
Woman moved to Swiss car crash in episode of apparent suicide
The victim lay on the car in the middle of the night.
Police are calling on witnesses after a woman moved several vehicles on a car crash early on Thursday in a clear attempted suicide.
The incident took place at A1 near Morge in the canton of Vaud immediately after midnight on thursday.
The woman lay on the road in the darkness, in a gesture of despair, and was hit by several vehicles, the police said in a statement.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, hit several vehicles, including the truck.
She died at the scene.
Several involved drivers have already been interviewed, but the identity of some has not yet been identified, reported to the police, who calls upon them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to respond.
A criminal case was opened, the logical step in such a situation was initiated, said lawyer Zile Hofstard Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether some of the drivers involved will be charged.
Was it possible to avoid a hit?
That is what the prosecutor should determine, "he said.
Two other similar cases over the past five years suggest that drivers will not be recognized as responsible.
In each case, both of which involve a man going in the darkness of the car - was sentenced to a sentence that motorists could not expect a random meeting with a paedophile in the middle of the night, the newspaper reported.
Last year, the officer was acquitted of causing death on negligence, after she hit and killed a man lying on the A1 near Payne at night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim drank and lost consciousness on the road, heard the court.
The court found that a woman policeman - who responded to an emergency call - managed the vehicle in a way that was justified and that the presence of a person on the road was a "totally exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who holds information about the incident on Thursday near Morge should call the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus once inhabited
Venus may have once been inhabited, according to the estimates of the new NASA climate model.
Scientists from the National Space Institute of Goddard have developed a model for the study of the past Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climatologists.
The model was designed to determine whether in Vienna, with its hot water surface and atmosphere, saturated with carbon dioxide, there would ever be conditions similar to the earth.
Scientists have previously assumed that the small speed of Venus is explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest modelling suggests that Venus was likely to have a diluted atmosphere similar to the Earth, and it is still spinning slowly.
The model also reviewed the topography of early Venus.
On the planet, there were likely to be more arid regions than on Earth, but once it had enough water and enough geographical variability to create conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venere was also in favor of the sun, which was 30 per cent dim.
"According to the GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus puts its day side to the sun for almost two months in one time," explained in a press release from GISS Anthony Del Henio.
It warms the surface of the planet and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella, protecting the surface of the planet from a substantial part of the solar heat.
The result is the average climatic temperatures, which, surprisingly, a few degrees colder than in our days on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development, which was previously expected by specialists in the study of planets.
Despite the fact that once Venus may have been inhabited, it has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation for several billion years.
Its oceans have evaporated and its water vapour has been squeezed by ultraviolet radiation.
When its hydrogen departed, there was only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a lethal greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, what we know today.
The researchers shared the results of their new climate model Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy leaves the post of Avalanche team coach
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of hockey activity Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing lack of influence during the decision-making process in the team.
The Executive Vice-President / Chief Executive Officer of the Colorado team, Joe Sakik, confirmed the news and noticed that the club would start looking for a new coach immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice-president of the hockey activities of Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
During the summer, I have long and hard to speculate on how I could improve this team to give it the necessary depth and raise it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and vice-president of hockey activities should ideally coincide with the organization's vision.
He should also have the right to vote in decisions affecting the work of the team.
These conditions are not met at the moment.
Sakik, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about my decision today," Sakik said.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization, and we wish him success in the future.
Roy became the winner of the Jack Adams Award as the best league coach during his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013 and 2014.
He brought the club to 112 points and victory in the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and played the playoffs of the last two years.
The Avalanche team announced an estimate of 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and five points turned away from the Wild team in the fight for a second grace trip to the Western Conference.
The goalkeeper from Zala Glory, Roy won four Stanley Cup - two with Montreal Canadiens and Avalanche.
North Sea oilmen resume talks and stop strike
The work strikes on the salaries of oilmen in the North Sea have been suspended, and all sides of the discussion are launching a new round of talks, leading representatives of the parties said.
Strikes against the oil company Wood Group were sporadically organized on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to resume the process of negotiations to resolve current disputes," the joint statement said.
We will hold several meetings for a full day over the next few weeks, starting from the beginning of next week to look at the problems with a fresh look.
Unions have reported that their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
The Wood Group this year reduced the rates paid to contract employees working in the North Sea by about 9 per cent due to negative market tensions.
The reduction in rates on the part of the company occurred after a 10 per cent reduction in rates for contract employees working on the bank, in 2014.
According to the company, additional cuts will give it the space needed to overcome the market.
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in countries up to 10, as it is streamlining its activities due to its mega merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices: The economic situation has worsened because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union, adopted in June by the United Kingdom.
A Scottish member of Parliament Dale Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labor conflicts in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and throughout the country, we need an economy that would work for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion for new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, in contrast with an average of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of the star in the accumulation of Pleyad
The last mission of the Kepler Space Telescope helped the astronomers to gather the most complete catalogue of the speed of the stars, which are included in the accumulation of Plead.
The new data helps astronomers to understand why the stars in the clusters rotate with different speeds, as well as periods of rotation relate to the formation of planets.
"We hope to compare our results with other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age and even the history of its solar system."
The accumulation of Pleyad is in 445 light years from the Earth.
Many stars in clusters now only reach maturity; they were born about 125 million years ago.
They rotate as fast as ever.
At their peak speeds, these grown-up stars emit large amounts of star wind.
By traveling through the magnetic fields of the star, these winds are on the stars of the brake action.
As the star is aging, its speed starts to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of each star, tracking the time between the emergence of recognisable star spots - such as sunny spots.
The newest catalogue of speed speeds suggests that the more massive stars rotate more slowly than the less massive stars.
Riscore compares the stars to the dancers: The larger ones make the peaks more slowly than the smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of the Pleyad, we see that those that rotate slowly, usually more massive, while those that rotate faster, usually refer to very light stars," Riscore said.
Since the accumulation of Plead is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory to compare the properties of the star with speed speeds.
"The star accumulation of Pleyadah provides a starting point for the theoretical models of rotation of stars, both junior and senior," said Riscore.
We still want to know how, where and why the stars slow down their speed and hang on the nail their "dance shoes," figuratively speaking.
Riscore and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleyad's speed in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
The investigation, connected with the activities of the group of detainees in the Crimea of Ukrainian saboteurs, leads two agencies, writes Kommersant.
The FSB collects evidence of the involvement of detainees in the preparation of diversions in Crimea.
As was previously reported, confessions gave a resident of the Ukrainian city of Energodar Yevgeny Panov, who agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as objects for diversion, he considered the chemical plant Titan in Armenian, Neftebase in Feodosiya, Kerch ferry crossing, gas pipeline, and one of the military airfields.
Law enforcement officials believe that it has been delayed by far not all of the saboteurs.
This, in particular, was the basis for the arrest of suspects in the Kiev district court of Simferopol, the edition notes.
The head coach of the Russian football team was Stanislav Cheryakov
At the meeting of the Executive Committee of the Russian Football Union, it was decided to appoint the head coach of the Russian football team Stanislaw Cheryakov.
The contract will be calculated for two years - until the end of the CHM - 2018.
On August 11, the Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
This is a well-known footballer who has previously played in Moscow Spartacus on the position of the goalkeeper, as well as a coach with solid experience, who was the coach of such Russian teams, as well as the winner of the national championship and the cup of the country.
It is reported that the contract with Cheryakov will be signed in the near future and is calculated for two years.
Thus, it is the duty to prepare the assembly for the 2018 World Cup.
It is known that his coaching staff will include Miroslav Romashchenko, Gintaras Stauch, Vladimir Panikov.
There is information that the salary of the entire coaching staff will be 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to the media, the leadership of the PKK has put in front of Stanislav Cheryakov the goal to bring Russia to the semi-finals and to win medals.
As the coach himself stated, he is considering the creation of a competitive environment in the team and is going to give footballers the opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to Cherikov, he was glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of the Russian national team will take place on August 31 in Antalya - it will be a friendly meeting with the Turkish team.
Let us remind, earlier the post of the head coach of the Russian football team was Leonid Slutsky, who combined it with coaching at the club CSKA.
He announced his departure from the post after a failed performance of the Russian national team for Euro 2016 in France.
In doing so, he took responsibility for the bad result of the national team.
Caught between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered badly during the long fight against apartheid.
Nevertheless, after gaining independence from South Africa in 1990, this country with a population of 2.4 million people has achieved tremendous success, especially in the past few years.
The main reason for Namibia's success is that the Government attaches great importance to education.
While people in developed countries are perceived to be granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries, secondary and even primary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, Governments are often advised to introduce tuition fees for "cost recovery."
In Namibia, however, education in primary schools is free of charge.
Moreover, secondary education has been free since 2015.
The authorities are also active in other important areas.
Efforts to destroy malaria have reduced the number of annual cases by 97 per cent over the past decade.
Contrary to the international trend of rising inequality, Namibia is declining.
In comparison with the 1993 indicator, the Gini coefficient, a standard indicator of income inequality, fell by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this figure was one of the highest in the world.
And the poverty rate fell from 69 per cent in 1993 to less than 30 per cent.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 per day) also declined, from almost 53 per cent to less than 23 per cent.
Namibia also has the highest rating of freedom of speech in Africa, according to the Reporters Without Borders.
The country has significantly outpaced the United States and other rich States.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the Index of Corruption, which are human rights defenders from Transparency international.
Even now, when commodity prices are falling, Namibia is able to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the debt-to-GDP ratio is about 25 per cent, which is less than 1 / 3 of the debt level in the US and most European countries.
Of course, there are Namibia and some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least on traditional methods of evaluation, remains quite high - almost 28 per cent.
And, like other countries in the region, Namibia has a high incidence of HIV / AIDS - almost 17 per cent of the population is infected.
According to the World Bank, Namibia is among the countries with an income above average, but the authorities insist that their state is actually a developing country.
Namibia certainly faces some of the difficulties inherent in poorly developed economies.
The state has to develop a very large and arid country with a small population.
On the territory of the country there are isolated nomadic tribes of hunters, who should be integrated into modern society, without losing their identity.
Integrating people who a quarter of a century ago were on the periphery of the world economy, an uncomfortable task for any country.
For Namibia, it is even more difficult: As any other country in the world, it faces the effects of climate change.
However, Namibia did not think to lower its hands, the country solves its problems.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities engaged in the creation of a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is remarkable that competing political factions gathered together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical services not only of its own citizens, but also its neighbors.
About 15-20 per cent of visitors to health facilities in northern Namibia are Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia is talking about the construction of a wall that would separate the country from poor and corrupt neighbours.
The Namibians realized that the neighbours did not choose, and therefore decided not to conflict with them, but to cooperate - to share scarce water resources, to participate in regional medical projects, to promote investment and exchange of students.
In addition, the Government of Namibia has rightly argued that rich natural resources can easily become a curse, contributing to the enrichment of a few at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that the proceeds from the natural wealth of Namibia need to be invested in infrastructure and production capacity.
They are also aware that it would be irresponsible not to seek maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and revise investment laws and mining contracts to ensure that it is so.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so the Government's strong support for freedom of speech is so important.
As the head of state Haga Geingob noted, the media often say that he does not like it.
But after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must defend the obtained freedoms, the president says.
Not all of Namibia's core resources are exhausted.
Some - such as fishing - are renewable, and the Government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Each year, more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that start with serious shortcomings - racism, colonial rule, inequality and underdevelopment - can stand on the path to shared prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and role.
Many have heard about the Gold of Varna - the oldest gold items created by the person ( 4600 - 4200 BC ).
Perhaps it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: In Bulgaria, during the excavations of Varnensky necropolis, a fantastic number of gold artifacts were found - more than three thousand of the total weight of 6 kilograms.
Only from one burial, known as "grave No. 43," 990 gold items of a total weight of more than 1.5 kg were extracted.
However, the official status of the most ancient gold of the world can soon go to the poor on the kind of bead, found by archaeologists in July.
And again in Bulgaria - in the prehistoric settlement, known as the Tell of Yuzhna.
In contrast to Varna, the port city, the Tell of Yulia is situated far away from the sea, near the village of Yulia Pazardzhik district.
The bead is a gold strip, drilled into the ring.
Yar Boehjiev, the head of the excavations in Telle Junate, dated the finding of 4600 a year before our era and declared that she was older than the gold of Varna for at least 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, recall, dates back to the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
Technologies that allow flawless precision to date the metal are not currently available.
Where is the confidence in which gold is more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Boehjiev knows more than the Reuters news agency reported.
This is a finding of extreme importance: It is a tiny object, but it is big enough to take a similar place in history.
In an interview with Reuters, Boehjiev said that in the near future the scientists will analyze the composition of the metal, and also re-examine the archaeological reservoir where the golden artifact was found.
This will help to date the busins with the maximum possible accuracy.
The place of the finds also explains a lot.
It is a settlement of the famous, even if you have never heard about it.
At present, it is considered the most ancient city of Europe.
Tell was founded by the descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia ( modern Turkey ) in the 7th millennium BC.
During the next centuries in this region the processing of metals was developed, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to the creation of a full industry.
In domestic historiography for this archaeological community there is a special name: The Balkan-Carpathian Metallurgical Province.
In the 5th millennium BC, urban settlements began to emerge around the metal processing centres.
Now they are called the ancient cities of Europe.
Of these, Tell, perhaps the most ancient, because the artifacts of 4900 BC were found here.
I would call Tell YuNazi the prototype of the modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even compared to Mesopotamia.
"This is a place older than Shumer for a thousand years," says Boehjiev, referring to the generally accepted opinion that urban culture was born in the south of Mesopotamia, a modern Iraq.
There were the first cities in the usual understanding of the word.
The excavations of Tellya Yukos have been carried out since 1976.
During this time archaeologists have excavated almost 12 hectares, it is about a third of the estimated total area of the settlement.
The remains of the fortress wall were found, which once reached three meters high.
However, archaeologists clearly distinguish streets, public buildings, urban dense building, business centre and residential outskirts.
The Tell of Yulia is often referred to as the city of the city: There were dozens of clay figures of birds.
All birds are depicted in a state of rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative items, but the object of the local cult.
The bird city was destroyed about 4100 years before our era - perhaps Indo-European tribes coming from the north-east.
The nomads did not have cities, but there were horses and weapons.
The three-metre fortress walls were not stopped.
Archaeologists have discovered the obvious signs of a brutal slaughter: The remains of old men, women and children were found inside the houses.
New finds and new facts appear annually, changing the usual notions of the ancient history of Mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists are increasingly talking not about individual cultures, but about the first civilization of Europe, born in the Balkans.
A powerful incentive in search of this civilization was the gold of Varna, found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical, that the golden luxury of Varna should have something to precede - something like a tiny gold bead, created in Telle Junate.
The Porsche artificially co-started the 911 Targa model
It is officially announced that the preparation of the 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is carried out by the specialists of the unit, which work with serial machines.
"Retro-onion" consists, for example, in the special colour of the body Etna Blue, which was developed in 1960 for the Porsche 356B model - even the model logo is painted in this color.
In addition, the targa received a branded white schedule along the brothels and special 20 inch wheels RS Spyder, as well as some details of the body of the body, painted in white and gold metal.
The interior of retro-ink is noticeably smaller: It is different, on a large scale, a grey-blue range of design, new chairs with extended electric control bands and separated black anodied steel thresholds with the unit's logo.
In addition, when purchasing a special version, each buyer will receive a case for a car and a richly separated album with photos of the production process.
The power installation of the Porsche Exclusive specialists has not become: The retro-targa on the characteristics quite coincides with the series.
It is equipped with a six-cylinder engine with a turboprop volume of 3.0 l, developing 420 hp and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S is capable of speeding up to 100 km / h in 4 seconds.
The Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design will be released in limited circulation, but neither its volume nor the cost of each particular sports car is reported.
Facebook and advertising blockers unleash an arms race
The recent introduction of Facebook technology, which prevented the hiding of advertising on the pages of the social network, triggered the decision makers to block advertising on the response.
In Adblock Plus, it was released, but Facebook plans to soon make it useless.
So Adblock Plus has touted its new technology, which is likely to remain effective for a short time
Representatives of the social network noted that, seeking to deceive the new technology of unblocked advertising, the decision from Adblock Plus together with commercial announcements blocks and many regular posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed regret for the Adblock Plus policy and promised soon to solve the problem.
According to the source among the developers of the social network, TechCrunch, the code making Adblock Plus is useless on the desktop site of Facebook, will be ready for the next few hours.
Thus, the social network and blockers unleashed a kind of arms race, trying to beat each other, the affected side became users who missed interesting records from friends or seen advertising where they were not used to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertising in recent times cause hot disputes.
In Murmansk, the rapist will appear before the court.
His case has already finished investigating in the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation in Murmansk region.
The indictment of a 54-year-old man is very serious - committing violent acts of a sexual nature.
The investigation found that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the area of Pavlova Street in Murmansk committed sexual acts with violence against a 20-year-old girl.
The sanction of this article provides for the maximum punishment in the form of imprisonment for up to six years.
Dongfeng will bring to Russia crossover Fengguang 370 and pickup Rich New - site For the wheel of www.odd .ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 - a representative of gaining popularity in China class of cars, combining the merits of minivan and crossover.
One more stated Russian premiere is the peak of Rich New.
Many Western firms of the Moscow International Auto Salon this year decided to ignore, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls of Crocus Expo will be filled by Chinese firms.
In particular, Dongfeng Motor, which has large species on the Russian market and deliberate in the near future to offer our motorists a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will be the crossover Dongfeng Fengguang 370, which was sold in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan ( a little less than 550 thousand rubles at the current rate ).
The Russians are unlikely to shine, and the issue of supplies to our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 on the results of June sales managed to reach the 11th place on the list of the best-selling minivans, although due to a large road light ( 175 mm ) and protective plastic weight on the bottom perimeter of the body it is quite possible to lure to the crossover.
It is built on the front platform of the younger model Fengguang 360, at 370 the same wheel base in 2725 mm, but the body is a little longer ( 4565 mm vs. 4510 mm ), the design is solid, and the equipment is richer.
The Salon is decorated with wooden plants, but shown in a photo of a large vertical touch screen as well as Tesla on the central console was only on the early exhibition copies of the crossover, and the sale of the machines with the music is easier.
Five of the seven seats are easily folded, forming a flat loading area with a length of 1650 mm, the maximum volume of the trunk is 1500 l.
The engine for Fengguang 370 provides only one - 1.5-liter gasoline "atmospheric" with a capacity of 115 hp, connected with a 5-stage mechanical gearbox.
On the dynamic qualities of the machine, the manufacturer modestly weakens, but promises a spare budget of the owner appetite at the level of 6.7 l / 100 km.
Pickup Rich New is a well-known Russian Nissan NP300 Navara of the past generation, but with a slightly clouded Chinese style design.
In spite of the morally outdated construction, the model still enjoys a stable demand from the Chinese consumer as a reliable and unseemly working horse.
At the same price, Rich New will certainly be interested in Russians, because modern Japanese peaks have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines on the choice: Petrol 2.4 l ( 137 hp ) or turboprop 2.5 l ( 116 hp ).
The gearbox is only the mechanics, the drive - on the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with harshly connected.
It will be on the stand of Dongfeng and the new flagship sedan A9, its Russian premiere representation of the Chinese company announced in June.
In the Chinese market it is becoming more and more, some of the latest innovations - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
Currently, the Russian line of Dongfeng consists of two models: The saddle S30 and Chethchbek H30 Cross.
During the seven months of this year the dealers of the Chinese company realized 696 cars in our country.
Notice to the transport tax will cease to be sent by mail - the site For the wheel of www.odd .ru
The tax inspection changed the order of notification of property taxes.
All Russian car owners are used to not changing years of the scheme: In summer and autumn they receive by mail receipts for payment of the transport tax for the previous year.
This year, however, many of them will not wait.
The fact is that the tax inspection without unnecessary noise has changed the order of notification of citizens.
Those who are registered in the office of the taxpayer on the official site of the department of nalog.ru, the notices will come in electronic form.
The inspection automatically found such Russians online users and removed them from the standard, "paper" mailing list.
The innovation will affect all owners of vehicles and real estate.
All others will continue to receive the usual letters.
However, the opportunity to return to the old scheme is the holders of the account on the site.
For this purpose they will have to visit the tax office during August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and more convenient.
The notice will appear in the personal office immediately after the writing, while the letter will go a few days and may be lost.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service of the tax inspection has exceeded 18 million people, which will allow the agency to seriously save on the postal mail.
On the other hand, the modest news on the inspection site is not enough to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some were able to register in a personal office to obtain a one-time service and have long forgotten about it.
These people do not wait for notices by mail and, by themselves, will get into the category of non-payers with all the consequences.
Access to the taxpayer of the taxpayer is carried out in three ways: Through the account of the portal gouslugi.ru, with the help of electronic signature or login and password specified in the registration map.
The latter can be obtained personally in any branch of the tax inspection ( regardless of the place of registration ).
We would like to remind you that in the current year the transport tax is to be paid until December 1.
The dispatch of the notifications began in July.
The Typhoon Mercedes-Benz G-class, which is designed to achieve a very high impact, is a thing in itself.
But the controversial concept was not confused by the masters of G-Power, who were engaged in the modification of the sports version of Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is known for its addiction to BMW cars, but nothing human of her masters is alien.
Indeed, why not improve the G 63 - the 571 strong flying doll with the aerodynamics of the tank and to disperse up to a hundred for 5.4 s?
At the end of the day, the masters took advantage of the advantages, which opens the 5.5-liter nadir of the eight.
And the dynamics of the acceleration to hundreds has improved on the non-different 0.1 s, and now the flying brick is capable of fishing for 5.3 s.
However, acceleration from medium speeds is certain to be noticeably better.
The ceiling of the speed is frightening: If the standard G 63 is faster than 210 km / h does not travel, then the tuning will be able to squeeze 250 km / h.
On the outside, the car is almost irresistible from its original source, with the exception of other wheel drives - 23-inch Hurricane RR dimension 305 / 35 ZR 23.
The luxury division of Mercedes-Maybach announced a remarkable conceptual coupe of 6 m long, which will be presented as part of the elegance of Pebble Beach.
Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with the BMW i green subbrand and will promote its electric models under a separate brand.
At least four green innovations are expected in the coming years.
