[? 1034h28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco Bay Shopping Center
The 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairway of a local shopping mall this week.
However, the victim's brother says he cannot imagine someone who would cause him pain, noting: "at last he went on a lad."
- The body found at Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as a 28-year-old San Francisco resident, Frank Galicia, reported the San Francisco Chronicle State Medical Examiner's Office.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death was classified as murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told the ABC television channel in San Francisco that Frank, the past cook of the Boston distribution line, received his dream job as a cook at San Francisco's Kennedy & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for Barnes & Daughters said they were "shocked and depressed" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a friendly family and will not be bored," the spokesman said.
Our thoughts and condolences to Frank's family and friends during this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed in the hostels, but recently, "At the end of the day, he went to the lad."
"He found an apartment, he met a girl," Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said that he could not imagine someone who would cause pain to his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a great heart.
His connection with the family was always to prepare us with some dish for a meal, to make dinner, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be implicated in any quarrel.
He was a brother who was riding downstream.
"With all the bad things that happen to this going on in the world, he was a rough diamond that brightly simmered every day," he said.
Everyone who owns the information is asked to call the hot line LibPD at 415-575-4444.
Churkin said the meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was useful.
The permanent representative of the RF at the UN, Vitaly Churkin, stated that the past meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was helpful, Interfax reports.
"I believe the discussion was useful for us and we provided them with information about what happened," Churkin said.
He explained that at the closed consultations, Sovbek presented information to Member States about incidents on the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read a statement from the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in which "expresses concern and outrage over the attempted terrorist attack and sabotage on the territory of the Crimea."
The men's team of Russia got to the final of the combined relay 4x100m.
The men's team of Russia managed to reach the final of the combined relay relay 4 to 100 metres in swimming at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
Anton Chupkov, Yevgeny Koptelov, Aleksandr Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich presented the Russians in qualification.
They ran the distance in 3 minutes 32,95 seconds.
The Russians showed a sixth result.
In the preliminary round, the British have a 3-minute 40.47 second.
The final will take place late in the evening on Saturday.
Russian racists defeated the Americans and went on to the final round of the OI tournament.
The Russian national team went to the final team tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semi-final, Russian athletes beat the American team with a score of 45: 41.
The final will take place at 00.30, it will be played with the French team, which in the semi-final won the duel with the Italians with a score of 45: 30.
Russian dodger went out in the 1 / 8 final of the Olympics
Russian dodidist Renat Saidov on Friday hosted Austrian Daniel Allstorm in the 1 / 16 final of the Olympic Games in the more than 100 kg category, reports the website of the competition.
In one eighth final, the Russian will meet with Brazilian Rafael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Russian Olympics were brought precisely by Olympiad.
Beslan Mudranov became the best in the weight category up to 60 kg, Hassan Halmurzaev - in the category of up to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian team occupies the the seventh place in the standings with the 19th century.
Italy's government debt increased to 146 indicators
Italy's government debt in June 2016 exceeded 2.248 trillion euros.
The central bank of the country declared that this amount is a historical maximum, reports RIA Novosti.
The previous negative record was set in May of this year.
Then the government debt reached 2.000.000 trillion euros.
It is noted that for the first half of the year, Italy's debt load rose by 77.2 billion euros.
Previously, it was reported that by the end of 2015, Italy's government debt stood at 132.7% of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, Italian Minister of Economy and Finance, Pierre Carlo Padoan, projected a decline in this figure in 2016 to 130.9%, and in 2018, to 123.4% of GDP.
Payments from the airport received an unprecedented casualty from the terrorist attack in "Domodedovo."
The Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, meat, and meat products to Russia.
According to the press secretary of the airport Alexander Vlasov, two more statements are currently under consideration.
"On the part of the fund, charitable payments to victims of the 2011 terrorist attack and it turns out to be comprehensive assistance to solve existing issues," Vlasov added, recalled that, in order to facilitate interaction with the victims, the site of the fund was created containing full information on the procedure for charitable assistance.
In 2011, an explosive device was put into operation in the arrivals hall of the arrival of foreign airline Domodedovo Airlines resulted.
As many as 37 people died as a result of the terrorist attack, and more were injured.
Scientists have found an animal that can live 500 years
An international biologists group has concluded that the most long-lived vertebrate animal is the Greenland polar shark, which can live for approximately 500 years, reports RT.
Scientists conducted a radiocarbon analysis of the lens of the eye of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark whose length exceeds five metres may be between 272 and 430 years old.
Biologists believe that a significant role in the longevity of acne plays a low metabolism that leads to slow development.
Female Burmese sharks reach puberty by in Greenland are only 150 years old.
Previously, it was believed that the "neighbor" of the shark lives longer than all vertebrates -, the Greenland whale.
The oldest known scientist was a little over 210 years old.
Putin changed the composition of the Russian Security Council.
Russian President Vladimir Putin by his decree made changes to the RF Security Council, reported the press service of the Kremlin.
Earlier, it was revealed that Putin removed his position as head of the administration of President Sergei Ivanov, his successor, was appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work as the president's special representative for environmental affairs, ecology and transport.
Among the permanent members of the Russian Federation DPR RF secretariat, they excluded the substitution of Council member Rashid Nurgaliev.
The council includes Sergei Ivanov, Anton Vaino, half-pre-president at the SFO, Sergei Meneidov, and a half-pre-trial in the NWFD, Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov is relieved of his position as head of the presidential administration.
Presidential decree Sergei Ivanov is relieved of his position as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov has been appointed as a special representative of the RF for environmental activities, ecology and transport.
Anton Vaino, who previously served as deputy Sergei Ivanov, was appointed the new head of the administration.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to switch to another job.
Is it worth going to the sanatorium if there are no health problems?
Our expert - the chief physician of sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a person is healthy, is it just tired of work, is it worth it to go to the sanatorium?
Spa holidays need us not only for treatment, but also for prevention of diseases.
In conditions of a sanatorium, a person can check the condition of his or her body and receive advice from a doctor how to live so that his health is not destroyed.
Such recommendations will not be superfluous.
"Just tired of work" is an important signal of the body, it is not worth blowing away.
Persistent stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
In addition, there are 90% of those who arrive at the visitors experience stress.
Moreover, people from large cities aged between the ages of 45 and 55 are most vulnerable.
So it's better not to complicate things and give yourself time to rest.
Research shows that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay in the spa.
Modern sanatoriums offer a comfortable rest for the whole family.
So if you want to spend your holidays with children, you won't have to give them away.
For children, even the smallest ones, wellness programs are provided, which include diagnostic services, pediatrician consultations, analyses, and medical treatment.
For example, swimming (in many health resorts there are children's pools), inhalations, a special diet regime, massages, oxygen cocktails, curative physical culture.
The course of treatment determines the doctor taking into account the individual indications and characteristics of the growing organism.
In addition, there is usually a children's club with animators, where children can attend play classes, various master classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even to guests with babies, provide the necessary conditions and provide the services of a an experienced nanny.
Mild winter, long summer, abundance of sunny days in the year (over 300) create good conditions for year-round holidays in the resorts of the Caucasus Mineral Mines.
And then the body needs rest not only in the summer.
So one should not be afraid of the weather outside, especially since most procedures are indoors and do not depend on the season.
In general, spa treatment is desirable to spend twice a year, especially people of mature age.
The main chip of the region of the Caucasus Mineral Mines is, of course, curative mineral springs: Slavyanovsky, Smirnov, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and are based on various systems of the body.
Water is distinguished by temperature, number of salts, general mineralization, water and gas.
The doctor selects water according to the patient's well-being.
Thus, "Narzan" possesses an anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating effect, restores the functions of the gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
"Essentuki 4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, lowers blood sugar.
"Essentuki new" has anti-inflammatory, jargon and urinary effect.
Slavyanovskaya water also has the same effects.
When assigning water, the doctor necessarily takes into account the state of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, it selects less saline water because the salts delay the fluid, which leads to increased pressure.
Taking mineral water requires adherence to the regime: water should be consumed at certain times, in the required quantity and specific temperature.
Now, various cosmetic procedures for face and body are available in the health resorts.
What types of recovery, based on natural features of the North Caucasus, can be obtained at the resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is the salt lake Tambulkan, the mud from which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It provides an anti-inflammatory, disabling, immunomodulating effect.
This is a wellness walk on individually arranged routes.
They are especially popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Kurilian Park (second in size in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is close to the mineral source Narzan.
There you can also take baths of wine, pearl, iodbrobromine, selenium, shampoo-lacquer, depending on your appointment as a doctor.
Prolong the dam.
What to do to make the harvest go to the end of the end of the season?
Says Yulia Belopulova, agronomist and dacha.
It is time for the high-rise tomatoes to be cut off: the removal of the new steppes, cut off the macula, remove all leaves until the last brush with the sauce and the discoloration with small patches - will not succeed.
All tomatoes regardless of the "constitution," as well as pepper and pakistani feed zonal-super-phosphate exhaust, are treated with biologicas (Döreef - to accelerate the the pouring and growth of fruit, Phytopocin-,,, and,,, Phytopines - if there are pests).
In the end of the summer, only copper, colloidal sulphur and green soap should be used.
We make the last watering plants.
The long-haired cucumbers in the greenhouse come down with Schallers so that the lower part of the stem (25-40 cm) is light on the ground, polishing with warm water and the solution of the zircon, the stem of the stem 5-7 cm of compost.
To extend the carcass seal is also not easy: cut old leaves, pour warm water and a solution of complex fertilizers, pour fertile soil underneath the bush.
To protect from night-time, set over a hole in the arc with sheltered material.
In the afternoon, keep the plants open, and then shut down after the sunset.
Signs of the end.
What indicates that Russia is out of the crisis?
Economists saw signs of Russia coming out of the longest recession in 20 years.
According to economists surveyed by Bloomberg, the RF GDP shows positive dynamics - in the second quarter GDP decreased by 0.8% in annual terms.
This indicator is minimal since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data from Rosstat, the decline in the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6%.
The Central Bank and the Ministry of Economic Development have recently announced stabilization of the situation.
There is slow growth ahead.
According to experts of the CBR, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
"The index estimation of Russian GDP suggests that the recession has left behind, and ahead - slow growth of the economy," says the bulletin of the Bank of Russia "What is the trend."
The modular GDP estimate for the current quarter of the regulator's specialists increased to 0.4%, the estimate for the fourth quarter is 0.5%.
According to the representative of the Ministry of Economic Development, during the second quarter the RF GDP decreased in the second quarter, amounting to 0.2%.
In the second quarter, the seasonally cleared GDP decline was 0.2% to the previous quarter.
However, during the quarter the decline stopped: in April it was 0.2%, and in May and June the GDP change was measured within a range of 0-0.15, "RIA Novosti quoted an official as saying.
The slowdown in the Russian economy over the past five quarters is indicative of the "bottom-up."
Among other markers indicating signs of a revival in the national economy, Bloomberg is calling for an increase in demand for electricity and rail transportation, a revival of business.
If you make an amendment that the year is a leap year, it is clear that the dynamics in plus 1% of electricity consumption can be half that of an additional working day.
Let us add a lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth of freight transport, but it is difficult to obtain precise data here, and plus 0.5% of semi-annual volume can also be explained by seasonality, "explains Kirill Yakovenko of the the ALOR OF BROKER.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, a reduction in price pressure.
In July, the consumer price index was up 7.2% compared to 14.4% in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks of Rosstat record has been fixing deflation.
Prices in Russia have declined for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble exchange rate, which, although showed strong fluctuations at the beginning of the year, has increased by 12% since the beginning of the year.
This is also one of the signs of recovery, which should be followed by indicators from the real sector of the economy, "stresses Yakovenko said.
In addition, there has been an increase in industrial output in Russia since April.
In June, the figure rose by 1.7%.
The rate of decline in foreign trade turnover from -32.8% in January 2016 to -20.7% in May is slowing.
The positive dynamics also demonstrate the situation in the labor market, where the unemployment rate has dropped to 5.4%.
It was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite the good situation in the labour market, the issue with real disposable income of the population is to be left to be desired.
In annual terms, the figure is down by 4.8%.
This can be a drag on economic recovery, as household spending contributes a little to GDP.
As a rule, their share of the economy exceeds 50%.
In addition to Apart from low consumer activity, as a risk factor for economic growth, it is also possible to call a tough policy of the Bank of Russia.
The regulator holds a rate of 10.5%, which does not best affect the real sector.
The negative factor is also not a high level of investment, which is holding back development of industrial potential.
But in general, it is possible to assume that by the end of the year the rate of decline of the RF economy of the RF economy will slow down to -0.5% against -3.7% in 2015, "says the analyst of the Group Forex Club Irina Rogova.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and excellently featured in winter sports at the Sochi Olympics, has not yet been actively developed in summer sports.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio for Russia and are former foreigners, in most cases it is the owners of countries - former republics of the Soviet Union.
However, in Rio de Janeiro we can observe the reverse process - a large number of Russians are under the flags of other states.
In each case, the history of changing citizenship is different.
Some parents were taken to another country as early as childhood, leaving no choice.
Someone did not has failed to compete for a place in the Russian team.
Someone thought that the best conditions for development in sports would be created abroad.
Aif.ru has found at least 16 athletes who have decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport of the 27-year-old girl, it is written that her name is Lisa Rydkh.
But previously she was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Smolensk.
Just four years later, as the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There she decided to follow in the footsteps of her older sister - doing athletics.
Just like her sister, Lisa chose the the bride from the sixth.
To stay in Russia, it is unlikely to be able to "catch up with the throne" Elena Isinbaeva.
Unfortunately, at the Rio Olympics, it will be the only our countryman, although the former, in the sector for jumping in the sixth.
Her best achievements in this kind of sport are the bronze of the 2010 European Championships and the silver continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Elena Isinbaeva.
29-year-old Elena Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists of the evangelistic direction.
Because of their faith, they left for the USA when the girl was only three years old.
In addition to Elena, eight more children grew up in the family.
They all lived in the small town of Greenfield in Massachusetts.
Lena began to struggle at school.
Showing good results, she moved to the city of Colorado Springs, where at the U.S. combat center, she continued classes under the leadership of another former Russian, Vladislav Ibrabnikova.
At the 2012 London Olympics, Elena lost in her first bout.
But in the world championship in the same year - victory.
Before that, she had managed to win silver in the 2010 world championships.
After that, there were the Bronze 2013 and the Silver 2014.
The 26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where she was first and introduced to synchronized swimming.
But it would be wrong to say that it was brought up by our coaches in Russia.
Soon the girl's family decided to emigrate to the USA and settle in the city of Colorado.
There Mary continued her classes.
Soon, she was already part of the U.S. team, and showed great results at the Pan American Games.
It is clear that, at a serious international level, there is no competition from Russian authorities, but it is a ceiling for America.
The new name, which in Russian sounds strange, Christina Shaldina received at 11 years old when her parents decided to continue the training of girls of artistic gymnastics abroad.
Before that, the girl was engaged in a favorite sport in her native Yaroslavl.
Emigrating to the USA, she quickly entered the junior team of that country, and later broke into the main national team.
At the Pan American Games, the 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For her first position on the world stage, she didn't have to, but for the USA she made a real breakthrough - put out the star-striped team at the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games in Rio.
Another of our former "artist" - Jan Becsharply-Marggrant, who stands for the national team.
Ian was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany - the girl had more prospects to get into the national team.
Soon she was already representing her country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
There, however, Ian managed to occupy only 17, insufficient to enter the final competitions in the personal championship.
But in the two years before that she managed to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games - the junior.
Another gymnast, only this time sporting - Irina Sazonova.
If the emigration paths of the previously mentioned athlete can be called standard, then the choice of Irina's family is very unusual - Iceland.
Vadim - a pupil of the Volgograd sports school.
Of course, in Iceland she immediately became a country champion.
However, Ira is being trained in Russia - specially coming to his homeland, so as not to lose skill.
In Rio, she was not as successful as she would have liked.
The best place is 40 in a personal lot.
There is little information about Maria Ugolkova in the Russian information space.
For a very long time, Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time she performed under the Russian flag, showing good results - there was even a record of a country on a distance of 200 meters fattling.
In 2015, she received Canadian citizenship and became a red-white flag.
In Rio, its best performance is 14th in a comprehensive 4x100 relay.
To get to the games, the girl started a crowdfunding project, thanks to which she managed to collect around 6 thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for the Olympics.
The 31-year-old freestyle wrestler Adam Batirov spent almost his entire career under Russian flag.
During this time, the native of Khasavyurt has managed to become a three-time prize winner of the European championships, champion of Russia, master of sport of Russia of international class.
When he stopped getting into our national team, it was time to start thinking about changing citizenship.
For several years, the talented wrestler disappeared from the sport benches.
The triumphant return took place at the 2016 Asian Championships - Batirov already represented Bahrain, for whom he won a gold medal and received a trip to the Olympics in Rio.
Yet another ex-Russian, Mikhail Kudinov, is even less aware of his homeland than even the Swiss swimmer Maria Ugolkov.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand when the boy was quite small.
It was there that Mikhail and started in gymnastics.
He did not succeed at the international level.
In Rio, his best result was 40 in qualifying for parallel runs.
But for New Zealand, even getting into the Olympics in gymnastics is already a breakthrough.
When Nasta, who was born in Moscow in 1985, was only 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There the girl continued her synchronous swimming sessions, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championships in Berlin, the girl took 6th place in the synchronized swimming.
In a duel with Evgenia Teetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
She was a fifth in the solo program.
Like Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitry Croyter stands for national team.
When the boy was only 6 years old, his mother made a decision to repatriate to Israel.
In 2009 at 17 Dmitry already became the champion of the country.
In the same year he won in the Junior World Championships.
A year later, Croyter wins and gold of the junior Olympic Games in Singapore.
In addition to jumping in height, Dmitry deals in length and triple jump.
The 31-year-old Albert is another native of Khasavyurt, who, after long speeches for Russia, decided to change his Dutch citizenship.
However, unlike Batirov, Albert chose Romania, which he will represent in Rio.
In Russia, he performed for the School of Higher Sports, Krasnoyarsk top sportsman, in 2011, even becoming the country's champion.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the player of the USSR national team on volleyball Yaroslav Antonov.
Literally one year before the birth of son Jaroslav was recognized as the best volleyball player of the planet.
Soon he decided to pursue a career in Italy.
The same family and stayed permanently.
In 2015, as a member of the national team, he became the bronze medal winner of the European Championship held in his new homeland.
Khajiev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and got together with his family at the height of the war.
Ten years later, the parents decided to emigrate.
Norway was the original target, but it was not possible to go to this northern country - it had to go to France, in Nice.
There Zelimhan continued to teach freestyle wrestling.
Shortly thereafter, he won the Junior World Championship, and later qualified for the Olympic Games.
In Rio, he will be the only representative of France in the wrestling tournament.
And again freestyle wrestling, and again a former Russian.
This time it will be about the owner of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain, - about Taimrazu Friesian.
At the end of December 2012 he was granted Spanish citizenship and he currently stands for the team of that country.
Before that, however, the 30-year-old athlete managed to score high results in Russia.
He became the bronze medal winner of the 2007 and 2008 championships.
Tired of falling into the national team, Tytimaz decided to change Dutch citizenship.
The latest in our list goes to a Chechen boxer, born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan, Makhachkala, Artur Bijaroslavov.
When the boy was ten years old, parents took his family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There Arthur on the advice of his older brother began boxing.
Since then, Arthur has been a Canadian champion three times and in 2012 he became a world champion.
In 2015, Biyarslav won the Pan American Games gold, the first for his new home since 1975.
Head of the administration of the president of the Russian president, Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaino as head of the Russian President's administration of the president of Russia.
Earlier this post was held by Sergei Ivanov.
"The head of state has appointed Anton Vaino head of the administration of the president of the Russian Federation, freeing him from his position," says a decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin's website.
Since May 2012, Vaino was deputy chief of the administration of the president of the Russian Federation.
Anton Vainovich Vaino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Eduard Vaino, Chairman of the Business Council of Cuba-Russia at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and Vice-President for External Relations and Interaction with Shareholders of AvtoVAZ.
Grandfather - Karl Wyn - 1978, first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, faculty of international relations.
From 1996 to 2001 he worked at the Russian embassy in Japan, then in the Second Department of Asia of the Russian MFA the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the Office of the Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 - Deputy Head of the Protocol and Organizational Department of the President of the Russian Federation.
2007-2007 - First Deputy Head of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008, he was appointed Head of the Protocol of the Government of the Russian Federation, Deputy Head of the RF Government Staff.
Since December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - Head of the RF Government.
On May 22, 2012, he was appointed Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
He is fluent in English and Japanese.
Valid State Advisor of the Russian Federation 1 class (class of class is assigned by the RF Presidential Decree dated January 22, 2008)
Honorary certificate of the President of the Russian Federation (February 16, 2012) for his achievements in securing the activities of the government of the Russian Federation and for years of honest work.
Thanks to the President of the Russian Federation (24 November 2005) for his achievements in preparing and conducting solemn events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
He is married and has a son.
Why are children of Cossack classes in schools?
According to the governor V. Kondratyeva, "Cossacks need to raise not shares and parades, but systemically."
They must grow up and at least 7 years old realise that they are Cossacks and education must be Cossack.
But for now, this work seems to be formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If the Cossack classes take everything positive that they have accumulated earlier, on a qualitatively new level, I will be pleased.
If all of the is forgotten and unknowable, the new idea will turn out to be cheap populism.
The housing sector continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the country's economy.
There is an infringement on funds allocated for the needs of the communal sphere from budgets of different levels.
According to the General Prosecutor's Office, inflated rates are one of the most common crimes in the sphere of housing and communal services.
As a result, consumers of the region paid more than 170 million rubles to the energy industry.
Recently, the Prosecutor's Office of Krasnodar region revealed the facts of inclusion in tariffs of unreasonable expenses.
And in the expenses of LLC "V-consulting" (cold water supply) 4 mln. roubles were laid on rental cars at the price above market.
And such examples are mass.
The people are giving the latter money for the "communal service" and it pays to do it, - according to the RF Ministry of Construction, the average collection of payments from the population is 94%.
He is charged immediately with several articles of the Criminal Code: embezzlement, legalization of income obtained by criminal means, abuse of powers, etc.
According to the version of the investigation, as the head of the fund, which was engaged in repairs of city facilities, Makarov concluded contracts with entrepreneurs, work on them was not actually fulfilled, but paid.
Businessmen simply returned a great deal of money to him.
And as the owner of the UMC, Makarov money from the population collected, but service providers did not pay and waste them for their needs.
As a result, the damage to the budget and tenants is millions of roubles.
The scheme of Makarov's machinations, alas, is typical of Russia.
A wave of arrests and detentions of the, who had appropriated citizens' money, swept across heads of of the Criminal Code, who had appropriated citizens' money, swept Enforcement Officers took place across the country.
At Kamchatka, the trial of A. Kohan, incidentally, also former deputy of the city council, who is accused of machinations for 91.7 million roubles, continues.
According to the version of the investigation, in 2012-2013, it established 6 managers of companies and created 3 limited liability societies in 2012-2013.
One of them was executed for the management contractor works, two others played the role of settlement centers, that is, they accepted money from the population.
However, the resources of A. Khan did not transfer the funds, but spent on himself, the beloved.
To be judged in the sphere of housing is quite difficult.
Things are not getting worse, they are being dragged out.
And "helps" in this highly confusing housing legislation, - said Svetlana Razkalova, executive director of the Housing Control Board.
We have no time to earn one piece of legislation, as we invent a new one that has to force the previous one to work.
There are few specialists Specialists, including judges, have on the issues of housing and communal services.
Lawyers themselves admit that there is very little attention paid to housing right in the universities.
The complaints about the initiation of criminal proceedings, the fibres in the course of investigations speak in the Prosecutor General's Office as well.
In the production in 2015, 3.5 thousand crimes are sent to the court, less than half of them.
According to the rest of the investigation, a lengthy character was taken, and each fifth suspended in connection with the failure of the accused person.
Often, shortcomings in the activity of law enforcement agencies are written off by them in the current legislation.
The law is there, but the authorities are not rushing to stir up and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were approximately 230 reports of counterfeiters - a total of 60 criminal cases were initiated.
In the 5 months of the current year, their number increased only slightly - 99.
And what is the falsification of the protocol of meeting of the tenants?
This means: a change in home management, financial and other issues bypassing the opinion of the owners.
This means that the housing and communal services market will not be able to reach normal companies that want to work honestly, not to "dodge" the population.
It turns out the residents are in a disadvantage, small and medium businesses are too.
This is primarily due to the eradication of corruption as such in the entire state, - said Anton Zharkov, member of the State Duma Committee on Property Matters.
And now this work is actively underway.
This is not just a single action - it is a focused course on combating corruption.
Of course, not all regions are such a sad situation.
In particular, the capital has scandals and does not smell.
Why are there no such scandals in the sphere of housing and communal services in Moscow as in many other regions?
Because the capital government has shown an iron will and has undergone order, Anatoly Vybornov, a member of the State Duma Committee on Security and Anti-Corruption, told ABC.
I am referring to both the human rights issue and legislative amendments and legal education.
Behind the management companies have established supervision and they have all passed through licensing.
Complaints of townspeople are promptly resolved in public spaces (and appeals of residents, and measures of response to the Moscow government portal).
Many do not simply pay monthly receipts, but keep a close watch on what is written in the house.
The awareness among the population about the rights of owners and obligations of the resource-supplying and managing organizations is very high.
Plus Moscow checks the validity of tariffs on housing and public utilities - as a small part of budget funds goes to subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of population.
Probably, all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
Is it coming out,, it is in the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe a free place to work?
Turkish gambit.
Can Erdogan give up his friendship with the EU and the USA?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan put the United States to an ultimatum by proposing a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gülen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup.
He stated this, speaking to his supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan called on Americans to reject support for the "terrorist organization of the fatullists."
This is not the first statement from Turkey in which the US is calling for a change in its position.
Experts believe that a split in Turkey's relations with the West is increasingly mounting and could lead to a new attempt to change power in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and the Foto (" The Tertiary Organization of Territic organization for fatullists ").
Either a coup d'etat or a democratic Turkey.
It has to make that choice, "the Anatolian agency quoted Erdogan as saying on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
The President of Turkey once again, but it is already tougher for the USA to fulfill its demand, voiced by him for the first time immediately following the suppression of fascism.
Let us recall that on the night of July 16 in Turkey senior representatives of the Turkish army had attempted to overthrow the Lebanese government in the country, as well as the attempted assassination of the head of state.
However, after Recep Erdogan addressed the population, the rebellion was suppressed, and its organizers and participants were arrested.
Around 8,000 people came under suspicion, which included teachers and scientists in addition to the military.
According to Recep Erdogan, their mentor, Fethullah Gülen, a resident of Pennsylvania in the USA.
Also, Erdoğan's supporters admitted that in a coup, Americans could be involved in a coup.
The US has denied all claims in its address, refusing to extradite Gülen and is advised to change the tone.
The last statement of representatives of Gosdepa on this score came at the time of the visit of the Ambassador to St. Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the Turkish president - the latter insists on his and also puts forward demands on other Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to fulfill its obligations under the European Union's migration agreement, if Brussels does not call the date for the abolition of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens," Turkish Minister for EU Affairs Omer Chelik said on August 9.
According to him, amendments to the anti-terrorist law, as demanded by the EU, will endanger Europe's own security.
Let us note that on August 1, the Vice Chancellor of Germany, Sigmar Gabriel, demanded that Turkey stop the European Union's promise to open borders to migrants in order to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words became a response to the corresponding statement by the head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry, Mevlüt Çavushoglu.
Another provocative statement made by Çavushoglu last Wednesday made it possible for Turkey to withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish foreign ministry did not rule out that the country would consider withdrawing from the alliance unless it met its expected support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sphere is not a step against NATO.
There are NATO countries cooperating with foreign countries in the defence sphere - they are importing missiles, "Mr Chavushoglu said in an interview with the Anadolu news agency.
According to him, Turkey now needs to establish its own defence system on the basis of its technologies, as well as to cooperate with other countries.
"Until now, Turkey has tried to cooperate with NATO members, but the results have not satisfied us, and we have begun to look for others," the minister said.
Experts believe that all this talks about Turkey's serious disagreements with the West and the country's reorientation to the East.
The head of the International Institute of Political Expertise, Yevgeny Minchenko, believes that Recep Erdogan is now leading his game and cannot go on a tough confrontation with the West.
It has a lot going on in the West and in terms of business, and in terms of military (Turkey is a member of NATO), so I think Erdogan will try to balance while maintaining a framework of relations with the West.
Although, of course, Americans would be more comfortable seeing this as a fully compliant person, "the expert explained.
According to him, it is not excluded that after the statements of the Turkish leader (on the non-payment of EU compensation, on the requirement of visa free space with Europe and the extradition of the Gulen from the USA) will be transferred to him.
"Recep Erdogan will face worsening relations with both America and the European Union, and they will focus on it precisely on humanitarian issues, dictatorial methods governing the country and so on," believes Minchenko.
The head of the Center for Political Information, Aleksei Mukin, admits that the president of Turkey will change his viewpoint in relations with Russia, once it becomes profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdoğan held a very tough stance on Russia and was looking for favors in the West.
For a very short time, the situation has changed to the opposite.
Guarantees that, after some time, the president of Turkey will not change his priorities again.
I think Erdogan entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
Caught between two poles - the West and Russia - he will try to gain maximum benefit for himself, "Mukhin believes.
In his opinion, the main task for the president of Turkey today is to hold political power in the country, and for this, he needs Russia and the partnership with Vladimir Putin in order to that the US will stop supporting Gülen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the US, which are using it to control the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
Therefore, a consensus with Turkey will be reached, "believes the expert.
The head of the Centre for Asia and Near East, Anna Glazov, holds a different perspective.
Now Turkey's relations with the EU and the United States are rather strained, and this is primarily related to the domestic policy that Erdoğan personally carries out.
I think that this crisis in relations will be aggravated, and, against the background of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to carry out a reset of policy both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
It is no accident that Turkey's president, as well as a number of Turkish politicians, declare that they are ready to change their position on a variety of issues on Syria, settle relations with Israel, go on active political interaction with Iran, "explained Aif.ru Glyazov, who believes that the next step will be to normalize relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy now being pursued by Erdogan is a return to the course of foreign policy, which Turkey followed before the start of the Arab revolutions.
"It was then that Turkey began to develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region very actively in the positions of" zero problems with its neighbours. "
Now the Turkish President's visits to Russia and the countries of Africa have taken place.
This is why this foreign policy vector will develop and enhance Turkey's position on both the regional and international arena, "the expert believes.
Glazov believes that Turkey's return to its former relations with the EU will be incredibly difficult, now the question is more likely whether the EU will start a tough response to Turkey, which could open the borders to migrants and create serious problems for Europe.
A strike by junior doctors: calls for new collective protests
Junior doctors appealed to the union to sanction new collective protests in their dispute over the new labour agreement.
The Young Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
The JDC says it failed to answer questions about the employment contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted to cancel a deal on a labour contract agreed with BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to members published on Twitter Thursday evening, JDC Chairman Ed McCorth said the government continued to "remain silent" on issues that, she said, led to the rejection of the labor contract.
She said: "given the current situation, the JDC leader voted to reject the proposed new labour contract in full and called for formal re-negotiation of all your issues."
In response to the silence of the government, the head of the JDC today made an official request to the extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve a parliamentary programme of collective protests, starting in early September.
The dispute led young doctors to take part in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the State Health Service.
The leader of BMA's junior doctors, Dr. Joan Malavan, resigned after voting to abolish the agreed terms of the work contract that BMA recommended.
He told members of the BMA that the deal was good to be taken, in the run-up to the at meetings ahead of a vote of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said this employment agreement would be used for health workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: the Alliance of Bad Men?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish colleague in the gilded hall of the palace in St. Petersburg, I had a steady impression that the monarchy wanted this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile looked strained, and he barely radiated even by his own discreet standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the contrary, spoke repeatedly about his "dear friend" Mr. Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described Mr Fischer's actions as if nothing had happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm assumed the opposite.
But the toughened coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the reason for the crisis was the first one, he mentioned in opening remarks: Turkey was knocked down by a Russian fighter on the Syrian border.
The reaction of Moscow at this moment was inexhaustible.
Mr Putin burst out with anger, accusing Ankara of hitting Moscow in the back.
The insult was even stronger based on the alleged friend.
Restoring real trust will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, state-controlled media carried out a stunning, total offensive against Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed as if the Turks were to blame everything.
Most serious were accusations from senior officials that Mr Olmert's own family was pressing for illegal trade in oil from Syria's areas controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied that strongly.
But in St. Petersburg, an official signal was sent that it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting occurred only because Mr Putin received an apology he demanded from President Zardari.
Russia could claim victory of its kind.
For Ankara, the benefits of declaring a truce are clear.
First of all, Erdoğan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from his post last month in a coup attempt.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have hit hard - especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast annually.
The number has plummeted by almost 90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies will certainly feel relieved when flights finally resume.
They are set to peak at the end of the season on the Mediterranean Sea.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as the Turkish imports of agricultural products will be allowed to return.
"Tourists go there, tomatoes back here," as the report in the Vedomosti newspaper said.
But the visit also had an additional political value for Moscow.
Blame the West for what it considers a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to that its lingering discontent with the turtle pace of talk about joining the EU and Mr Putin's move - which seeks to exploit coolness and gradually disrupt Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won bonus points with Ankara for calling for the support of elected authorities after a coup attempt.
Keep in mind that this is a given for Moscow, which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
So the summit in this brilliant palace on the sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of bad": two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West unite forces.
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have significant differences.
Key is Syria, where Moscow has recently established itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
Perhaps it speaks for itself that after almost three hours of the original negotiations, while the two presidents gave a press conference, they did not even touch the issue.
The Turkish president deliberately avoided answering the question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to focus on them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find a common language on Syria.
But after months of open defiance - and taking into account the possibility of a complete disaster, when a NATO member Turkey knocked down by a Russian jet fighter - it is precisely better that the two leaders at least talk again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland
The RBS brand should be reduced to the role of a back office, according to the bank's executive director.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank had backed away from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and needed to be rescued.
During this period, brand strategists used RBS to protect other brands of consumer credit.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship for international sport, from the Six Nations Cup to the Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But it has now been decided that it is right to allow more national brands to come out on top.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers but will not be launched.
In England and Wales all references to RBS, including the external head office and the stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already in use for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will gain more influence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Dresdner and Holt's Savings Bank.
Mr McEwan gave an interview during a tour of customers and staff in Invernshire.
He told BBC Scotland: "the RBS brand will eventually become our investment brand and the one in which our staff will be busy, because we are now becoming more of a brand of brands."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I am now saying that we no longer do not have global aspirations anymore, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something very different in their population groups, and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already announced that it will not be able to continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Cup and it is mounting a profile of various brands in sponsoring the sport.
"This is an appropriate time for us to move the brand bank, as the basis (we asked ourselves) how we focus on improving the bank for customers?" said the executive.
It would be very cynical three years ago if we said we were going to be a wonderful bank for customers and would shut down all those brands.
But with the work we've done, focusing on customer needs rather than on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can return these brands again, which is why I think the time is right.
Seniors reach 3000 winners with victory in Newmarket on addiction
The Dettoree breaks the champagne after a duel in Newmarket leads to 3000 victories
The jockey Franks Dettori achieved her 3,000 British victory in Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this distinguished mark with his second-night winner on his home track - an addiction trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who has reached this outstanding mark in smooth racing.
He follows Sam Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Pastor Piggott, Pat Idderi and Willy Carson.
Three-time champion Jockey Dettori, who previously won at Ghayavi on Ghayoya, said: "it's something special."
I am very excited because my family is also here
I am very happy that this happened in Newmarket, since it was here that I settled 30 years ago.
It's not a big event, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am free from business and very unpretentious.
Dettori accepts applause when he gives a predisposition after winning
Two jockeys have reached the point of scoring with obstacles: champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories in a record career.
Lester Pigt, ninth-time Derby winner, 4493 victories in career
Franks is one of the best junkies of the modern era, and it is not surprising that he reached the mark that so few reached him.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical mix that distinguishes him from others in the weight room.
He is a great representative for the races, his enthusiasm and charisma for the fans of the sport for years.
I told Franks a few weeks ago in Epic, it would have led 6,000 winners, if it wasn't just the burning of weekends and big races!
And seriously, Franks has brought the winners in Britain for much of 30 years, which is great to see.
He's a an energetic character, which is good for British races, but he's an incredible jockey.
Franks Dettori celebrated this outstanding mark with a brand-new twist from the horse
From quick finishing to the fast bowlers, Franks Dettori has been a symbol of British smooth racing for two decades.
These were ups and downs.
Many of the winners of the big races, including his famous "Sleepwalker Seven" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived the plane crash and stayed in disqualification due to doping.
Three years ago he first ran into trouble when he returned after six-month disqualification, but he showed a huge willpower to challenge skeptics and return to form.
And he may not have finished for a while - Dettori previously said he wanted to continue taking part in competitions at least until the age of 50.
Putin fires head of administration Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly fired his head of administration Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's trusted inner circle for years.
The 63-year-old has now been appointed as an environmental and transport spokesman.
A statement from the Kremlin says Putin "ruled out to free Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not name the reason.
The deputy Mr Ivanov from 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed as his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44, a former diplomat.
Born in the capital of Estonia, Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the embassy of Tokyo.
Later he was the head of the protocol of the president's protocol and apparatus of government, reports the website of the Kremlin (in Russian).
During the appointment, he told Putin: "thank you for your confidence."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activities as a head of state in terms of drafting draft laws and control over how your instructions are carried out.
Putin told a Russian television station on Friday that Ivanov was asked to release him from the position and recommended that Vaino replace him.
Are smiles convincing?
This is a move that has puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest supporters and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As the head of the administration he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was shown on state television, both men said the head of the administration resigned his own accord.
But despite the smiles on the camera, this little one was convinced - especially now, right before the parliamentary elections.
So are the unintended consequences of a struggle for power?
So far, no one knows.
But the official announcement - that the man, who was once agitated as a potential president, suddenly wanted to control Russian environmental policy - was greeted with skepticism.
In remarks Putin quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said: "it is true that at the beginning of 2012, I asked you to entrust this very difficult position to me, even, I can say, a troubled position, for four years.
Well, it turns out I was the head of the presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He previously worked as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the state security service of the KGB, as is Mr Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which came to replace the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov among the five people he trusted most.
It was once believed that Ivanov could be Russia's president after Putin's second term, as a third term for Putin contradicted the constitution.
However, this post was taken by another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency after only three and a half years.
The star of the series "Thought Like a Crime" Thomas Gibson fired after a fight with producer
Gibson was part of a stampede at a shooting show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produces the series, announced its dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hitchcock, apologized on Thursday, before the announcement was announced.
There were creative disagreements on the set and divergence of opinion.
I regret that it happened, "he said in a statement.
Details on how Gibson's character will be drawn from the show, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to arrive later, according to statements by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old actor, who previously starred in the City of Dima and Greg, has been in the show since the first season in 2005.
"I like Mysmal as a criminal" and put my heart and soul into it over the past twelve years, "Gibson said in a statement on Friday.
I had hoped to be present in it before the end, but now it will be impossible.
I just wanted to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the very best fans that the show could only have dreamed of.
The show will return to its twelfth season on September 28.
Mystery: fish landed in the garden of Banfa
A man from Banfa asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banfe.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could have been sandnets left by water.
Bain, living 500 metres from the sea, posted a shooting of this spectacle in a perforp in the hope that anyone could shed light on the emergence of two-inch fish.
The bridge is now connected to the Fife
The 1.35 billion pound project is now due to be completed by May 2017
The engineers connected the northern span and the Ombuddy Kroslok, which means that the bridge is now connected to the Fife.
This is the first of four lines between the "fabric hangers," which are now nearing completion near all three bridge pilots.
The Fife Bridge section is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 tons of bridge.
The £1.35 billion pound project is now due to be completed by May 2017.
The Minister of Economy, Keith Brown, visited the site today and was among the first to move from the ground to the bridge.
He said: "this is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Martyrs Cross.
We are all witnesses to the engineering art of a truly epic scale in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel are used only for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the arch and the bridge is a virtuous operation using extremely accurate assembly permits.
In total, around 79% of the entire pavement is now in place, for the last section of the canvas concrete coating is poured into the site today, which means that all of the canvas is ready to go to the place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Oak Bridge Gateway project, said: "the first thing in every bridge project is always a significant milestone.
In this amazing project, it represents the most modern building art.
After the installation of the last section of the road and connecting it with the expanding North Pilot lane, we then had to close the remaining fence on the north - or to the shore - side by side.
This was done by pushing the Viaduca northern approach 700 millimetres south.
It was a large and very elegant operation at the same time.
Large-scale, because the magnetic arc length of a meter, weighs approximately 6,000 tons and should have been was to be raised at an angle of inclination of about 3%.
Fine, because the assumptions the team worked on were tiny - just a few millimetres in every direction.
Fortunately, it all went very well.
Salvation in the Gulf of Palmour: three men 'lucky to stay alive'
Three men were 'lucky to stay alive' after they were thrown out of a fishing vessel in the Andes.
The rescue station Moelfre RNLI raised the alarm at 13: 20 on the British summer time on Friday, after the team saw the procession unfolding in the Gulf of Moelph.
Three men struggled to swim to a safe place while their ship continued to move.
"We saw their ship circled next to them and assumed the worst," said the left-wing lifeboat Moelfre Jonathan Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we got on the water, the strong wind had taken it away from them," he added.
The two men were rescued with the help of a local fishing vessel, and a third man of 60 was found exhausted and trapped in buoys without life-saving vest.
They were all raised on board the Coast Rescue boat and delivered to the rescue station
Jones said: "three men thrown into the water are lucky to be alive and completely unharmed.
The engine of the boat had an emergency discharge, but it somehow broke away from the man who managed the boat when it was knocked down.
Someone lunged these guys today.
Pokémon Go, a worthy hunt for health and happiness
It is exciting to see how the world changes.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, preferring to spend their free time looking into the screens, has been seen by many over the past decade.
It takes people away from the couch and engages in some physical activity.
Time in the screen was initially limited to TV, then video games and more recently smartphones.
It is so great to see that the technologies and and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
I am, of course, referring to the paradoxical fascination that diagonal passion, which is Pokémon Go, a character-based application originally created for video games in the 1990s (which subsequently spawned a series of cartoons, playing cards and other answers).
Like many other pop-cultural phenomena, this has all gone up a bit earlier than the new game became available in the USA, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries was then delayed due to a mass response that overwhelmed servers.
In a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than the Ladder and almost as much as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players with smartphones go to look for poons that are tracked by GPS and, when detected, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation that played the game, being younger, joined in the original hobby, breaking away from the sofas for search.
In the USA, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of moves being conducted by a "regular" person on a daily basis.
The Apple Watch, an app for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, recently reported to the Washington Post that within two days of the game's launch, the number of people tracked by a daily 30-minute exercises, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who is playing in Pokémon Go, it just sees the primary data on the passing of levels.
Many health campaigns, urging people to "find 30 minutes," "get on with the couch" and "be active every day" did not find a response, because most of the health messages are dull and spoken by people who look unhappy.
However, the importance of exercise should not be underestimated.
Those who are regularly shy reduce the chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps in weight correction, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, too long to bring here.
But the charm of Pokémon Go is that it takes people out onto the street to do what they love.
In this way, three health pillars are covered: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even get new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring bands looking for something to complain about.
And yes, someone can stumble on the door.
And what?
A breakthrough has occurred.
In spite of the fact that applications for smartphones, such as the Hobbit could and previously keep track of our physical activity, they did not give us a chance to exercise, as the game does.
The novelty is fresh and the use will weaken with time.
However, due to the success of the Olympiad, there will be more games that will unite applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blogs on www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Byrles wins gold of absolute championship in female gymnast
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simon Byrles is vulnerable to it all.
Dynamic on the support jump.
At ease on the log.
Stunning on the floor.
Awesome everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast rose to the title of champion on the absolute advantage Thursday, placing the gap between herself and the rest of the world in a convincing demonstration under the Olympic spotlight.
Her overall score of 62.000.000 was at a sufficient distance from the silver lining and the bronze on the Final Five team, Eli Reissman and the Russian bronze medallist Aliya Mustafina.
Bayales from the United States performs at the Gymnastics Bowl during the final of the women's singles final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Bayales became the fourth-ranked American woman to win the title of absolute champion and fifth in general, securing her reputation as the best of her generation and possibly ever.
She was torn apart when she showed her final score and her long journey to that point was over.
This achievement puts her in the same league as exceptionally rare athletes such as Michael Phelps, who have raised their sports to new heights:
Bales has spent the past three years dominating his sport, winning 15 World Championship medals - including 10 gold - with such programs in their mix of hard work and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu-ton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
One last test was waiting in Brazil, the competition is not so much between the locals and the rest in the sphere, but between it and the cargo of inflated expectations.
Anything less than going back to his family's home in Leipzig, Texas, with a handful of gold medals, would be seen as an unreasonable wait.
Simon Bayales of the United States, left, and Eli Reisman are hugging after winning gold and silver in the final of the women's singles final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Bayern earned first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for the retiring coordinator of the national team, Marta Kapoli.
While Byrs insisted that she never looked into the future during her long journey to the top, it was not quite so.
Part of her programme of freestyle exercises - that includes her brand pass - is set on Latin American music, which would come right at home right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl, gifted with her grandparents, being a beginner to walk the starting point child and the open mother coach Amumi Burman during a visit to the room where Burman was a coach, became a force.
It has not lost a single absolute championship contest since the summer of 2013 - a streak of luck that must continue as long as the Bayales want it.
Although Josephine gained a slight advantage through two spins, it was a mirage.
Gymnastics and freestyle exercises - where the Bears defend the title of world champion - lie in the gap.
She went ahead again with 15,433 on the logs and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Reisman softly hugged her while they waited for the final score - pure formality - and tears appeared around the shiny red with white and blue eyes for Bayles, when the design she had once heard in the album was carried out.
Rayman's performance was a little over four years ago, when she shared third place, but lost the bronze spot in the runner-up spot.
This time the 22-year-old captain of the team, which Americans call "grandma" was far ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after her freestyle exercise, which sometimes seemed to be in question.
As for the Bayales, the 19-year-old tweet from the beginning of this week now has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in case of serial killer shot while listening to music in car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died in the most deadly attack in the first-ever serial killer of Fenix over the past decade were sitting in a car, chatting and listening to music when they were shot, according to police reports released posted on Thursday.
Angelo Rochelle QC, Stephanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis, Malia, were shot on June 12 when their car was parked in the oncoming lane, authorities said.
The perpetrator made approximately eight shots from the pistol, standing from the passenger side of the vehicle, after which he was hiding on another vehicle, reports the report.
Police say the triple murder is apparently not the result of a robbery, as the perpetrator did not take the wallets or $4,900 formerly at the disposal of one of the adult victims.
The Phoenix police spokesman Jonathan Howard said Doyle had prompted investigators to examine whether he was involved in four previous attacks.
A total of seven people were killed and two others wounded in nine attacks in two predominantly Latin American districts over four months.
"This happens in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, a CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have taken advantage of several vehicles, including the brown Nissan of the late 1990s, the black BMW of the late 1990s and white hat or nickel.
Investigators refused to reveal the evidence, which led them to conclude that the attacks were related and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with wounds and later died.
Hannah, 31, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
The witness told police that there was nothing unusual about them sitting in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shelling, which targeted an empty pickup half an hour before the triple murder and believed to have been the work of a serial killer.
Investigators found the cases and extracted bullet holes and fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of a 6-year-old child with microcephaly: "it is getting better"
Like most six-year-old children Edmund Piccito loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund microcephaly is the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Psivito did not know during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was - I won't be able to do it.
I won't be able to make it.
I have not signed up for this.
Which, in fact, is not true - you certainly subscribe to it, "she said.
She and her husband, Matt, said Edmund might never know them and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested putting him in a specialized medical facility.
"My first response was, 'I didn't think people were doing so,'" Pizzto explained.
Edmund walks through walking.
Edmund didn't sit and crawl until he was three and he still doesn't speak.
But it is slowly undergoing some stages.
He walks with help and rides his bike.
He also enjoys playing with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture that Edmund came up with for "please forgive me."
"We're learning his language of gestures," Pizzto told CBS News.
But not just the usual language of gestures - it says Edmund has invented her own gestures.
Panacea may arise from a variety of different circumstances: genetic, such as those of Edmund, infections during pregnancy from viruses such as measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary significantly.
It is too early to say how this will affect the lives of those infected with the Zika virus.
Pizzto recalls emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
I've been saying all the time what was going to happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not know.
I haven't actually asked for a lifetime forecast because I don't expect anyone to really be able to tell me.
But Pizzto has an encouraging advice for mothers of children with birth defects due to Zika.
It gets better.
You know that things will get better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flood causes rescue works in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected to fall on the state until Saturday.
Numerous rivers in the southeast of Ciudad Juárez and southern Mississippi emerged from the coast and threatened widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the National Meteorological Service said.
The Governor of Paraguay, John Bell Edwards, stated that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and assistance has already gone to the affected communities.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office for National Security and Emergency Preparedness said there are requests for high water transport, boats and sand bags.
Steele said that only the arrival of Tandjipahua requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
The danger of flooding remains in force until Saturday for much of southern Louisiana.
The meteorite said in a statement that an additional 3-5 inches could hit the area.
In southern Alabama, flight attendants were waiting for a flood until Friday, as rain continued to go in the area of the mobile.
The Cite River near Baton Rouge and the Emit River next to the dough Springs, both in Louisiana, is predicted to have set a record level for the past weekend.
Archpriest Alec Krautmann said both rivers could flood many homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said the flood downstream in the Assenen parish is a threat, as these rivers will slowly flock to the Sea of Morpa.
The Tijuana River, just south of the Mississippi border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest ever recorded level at 9 a.m. Friday morning.
Rescue workers were still pulling people out of the flood and Wilkinson districts in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hampford, his wife and stepson were among the rescued early on Friday near Gloucester.
Hanseford, 62, says the waters of Beaver Creek, which are usually more than 400 feet from his home, quickly rose overnight.
He said another stepchild, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water went on," said Hanseford.
She reached the level of my belt.
His wife told Hansford that this was the biggest influx she had seen in 48 years, which she lived here.
Hanseford said he and all members of his family are handicapped and he is the only one who can swim.
Hanseford said rescue workers rescued all three by an army truck and delivered them to a fire station in Gloucester where they took refuge on Friday.
Krautmann says the flood is "spreading quickly" as the rains continue, noting officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until Friday morning.
Krautmann said the soil was overflowing with rainbows from the environment.
Heavy rain and flood streets have led to works to rescue residents from homes in the run-up to the Tjiiphuya parish and cancel classes in five school districts, authorities said.
The WWL, a CBS affiliate, reports that Councilwoman Tangiferos spoke about 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, but both are now flooded.
Parish Chairman of the of the parish Robbie Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals in high water.
Shelters were opened in the town of Emit and the city of Hammond to accept those who were evacuated.
"They will have the opportunity to return home as soon as the water starts to recede," he said.
In Hammond parish of Tandjipahua close, about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels and sand bags were available to residents in the hope that they would keep water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we had was in March," city manager Leigh Landrum said.
It is on its way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County Head of Emergency Services Rupert Leigh reported that the cover rain continued to go on the Gulf of Mexico.
According to him, several houses were registered as flooded on Thursday, but no one was registered on Friday.
Kate Toyson, head of the Shopper Whole Foods store in at Emit, lives in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places where I've never seen it before," said Lawson, "and it's still lying on the ground."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "crushed bullets," remains alive after Philadelphia shootings
Police say a 6-year-old boy was gunned down in Philadelphia registering a second shooting in the city's 6-year-old this week.
The child's grandmother and grandfather identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
Grandmother and grandfather say Brown received multiple gunshot wounds, including his legs, leg, arm and stomach, but was conscious when he was transported to hospital.
"He was badly hit, his little body was filled with bullets," says his grandmother Delres Melendez station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is admitted to hospital in critical condition and has undergone several surgeries.
The family told the station that it was expected to introduce it.
He had to go to the first class in a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people gunned down in the Jermantaun quarter.
Three men were also gunned down: two 29-year-old and one 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is reported to be in critical condition; two other victims were reported to be in a stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot dead on the front seat of a car next to a 29-year-old in critical condition, reports the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and police investigate whether any of the injured men were being fired.
Investigators are reporting to CBS Philadelphia, which apparently was a shootout between several armed men.
Semi-automatic weapons, attributed to different instances of semi-automatic weapons, took the place of action.
It seems to have definitely been a prolonged battle.
There were guilds on the street, on both sides of the pavement.
That's why, apparently, there were several armed fighters there and they were actively involved in the shooting, "the police captain, Philadelphia Police Captain Anthony Jialdi, told the station.
Many homes and cars in the area were also abandoned.
No arrests were made and police are reportedly viewing CCTV footage.
Another 6-year-old child, a girl, was struck in the hand by a stray bullet Tuesday when she was playing in front of her home in West Chester Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for the suspect.
Why we need Simon, Howard and Lori
This is what I call the women's gymnastics team this year and for several reasons.
First, I have been at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the USA has never been so dominant.
Second: three gymnasts are playing a key role in this team: Simon Hills, Gareth Douglas, and Lori's Lori, "Lord" Hernandez, who have already inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of this team, supplemented by Eli Reisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kosan, who is a catholic, makes everyone proud.
It looks like America at last.
It also strengthened the black and Hispanic women's presence at the top of this sport.
For the last four years, the female gymnast number one was African-American.
Last year, Simon and Ganesh were No.1 and No.2.
It's powerful.
At the last Olympics, Havana Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America welcomed.
The world could now witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simons Bayales, Douglas and Lori Hernandez, who are performing unexpected but nonetheless masterly gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American to win the gold in the women's individual absolute primary.
And a colleague for the team, Eli Raysman, earned silver.
We have witnessed the peak of this sport, but it does not look so at gymnastics across the country.
Simon, Gabby and Lori all chose the same path as Eli and Madison to form a comedy team.
They are the "final" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four gymnasts in the team, and this is the last year of Marta Kapoli's coaching.
But in reality gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts first train in private gymnastics clubs supported by parents paying tuition fees, equipment, travel, form, fees for participation in the competitions, payment for the services of hotels (for coaches and their gymnasts and families), and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnasiums are located in wealthy suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where gymnasts get everything from their training, and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for gymnasts.
Eimi Burman, coach of Simon Hills, and Maggie Hani, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes from the moment they started the gymnastics.
We need to create more affordable and affordable gymnastics training for the communities of non-trivial young girls, inspired by Simon, Havana and Lori.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have already provided free and low-cost gymnastics classes located in Harlem, for more than 15,000 urban young children (mostly black and Hispanic) and nurtured national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high-quality youth, who deserve to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to exhausting work, discipline and mental health.
This combination has a positive effect on good health throughout life, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of girls to do gymnastics, and that's fine.
Sport is so important, especially for girls.
Now such a wonderful time.
Thanks to you, Simon, Eli, Lori, Howard and Madison for this serious demonstration of the Women's Revolution in winning team Olympic gold and for motivating so many girls of different origins to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
The junior doctors climbed the announcement of further strikes following the rejection of the proposal by Jeremy Hunt
Ministers had hoped to end the debate by agreeing to an amended treaty with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 young doctors who participated in took part in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to introduce the treaty, saying the NHS was on a "no-fly land" and any subsequent delay would damage staff and patients.
The first junior doctors are transferred to the new contract, which includes changes to work activities at night and weekends to improve service in extra-curricular time.
Dr Helen Maccat, chairman of the BMA's Young Doctors Committee, said last night in a statement: "junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it feeds the existing workforce crisis and that it cannot apply to all doctors fairly."
There are only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors will be transferred to a new contract, progress is needed, and time is running out.
The attempt by the WMA to resolve the dispute was welcomed by an unwillingness to take action and sometimes by the government's silence.
And it is in spite of Jeremy Hunt's promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, encourage the introduction and respond to the concerns of junior doctors.
If he does not, then the younger doctors are clear that they are ready to organize subsequent strikes.
The last strike at the end of April brought a delay of approximately 13,000 planned surgeries and 100,000 nurses, while nurses and counsellors were brought in to ensure the replacement of doctors on the picket line.
Ministers had hoped to end the debate by agreeing to an amended treaty with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
VMA wants a better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who will come under the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, Director General of NHS Healthcare, has called on junior doctors not to continue strikes.
Mortimer said: "strikes achieve little or nothing, but put pressure on the already working to the limit of the team and services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorder to patients, nurses and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been talking to the Committee of junior doctors and, together with the Department of Health and others, have responded positively to their concerns regarding the role of guardians and the policy of corporate awareness.
The staff hoped that continued positive assistance on other important topics - such as allocation of staff, training flexibility, extra training for those returning after careers, training costs, mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave, and gender pay - were met a sign of how serious the MA was in November, February and May.
A drug for 2 £a day may reduce the threat of heart attack
Thousands of heart attack patients intend to use the drug for £2m a day after authorities recommended giving it to more people and for longer.
The reverse acne drug reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart diseases.
The drug is already prescribed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
The NICE surveillance service of the UK National Health Service has been advised to give it to people for four years to further eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
However, now the NICE surveillance service of the National Health Service of the United Kingdom has been advised to give it to people for four years to further eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack happens with approximately 140,000 people in England each year, and a quarter of them have another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes arise as a result of the accumulation of fatty material on the walls of arteries and the formation of plaque.
If the plaque breaks apart, it may cause a trimmer blocking the access to the heart and causing a heart attack.
And if the troomb moves, it can move the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already been hit by a single attack are at greater risk of getting another.
Silver, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the brand name Brasserque, reduces the risk by making it less likely.
A draft NICE statement, published today, recommends that people give 90 mg of gluten for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, director of the NICE Medical Technology Assessment Centre, said: "despite the availability of effective secondary prevention techniques around a quarter of a quarter of people who have had a heart attack, there is another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
There is evidence that acne in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already undergone a heart attack.
Having previously recommended acne, we are excited to be able to increase the treatment options available to many thousands of people who are ready to use it.
Because the effectiveness and safety of the GPU - particularly the risk of vandalism - is limited to three years, the draft instruction does not recommend treatment longer than this period.
The culture of PC ownership allows falsification of counting of votes in Muslim districts
Former Mayor of Tower-Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from his post last year due to corruption, following a government report
The culture of political correctness led to the closure of the eyes, which turned out to be a pervasive fraud of the vote count in Muslim communities, according to information from the government's devastating report released today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles has come under criticism for the police, election observers and city administration for ignoring evidence of electoral irregularities because of "excessive sensitivity over race and religion."
Former secretary of local communities, now an anti-corruption czar, reported that voter intimidation on religious grounds was so strong that police should be allowed to set cordons outside polling stations to protect fearful voters.
It offers voters an identity card to prove who they are when they vote.
For now, voters should only indicate their name and address.
The report even proposes to put unwashed ink on people's fingers when they give their ballots, in order to prevent someone from voting twice.
It is necessary to provide better protection to the applicants, stated Sir Erik.
He calls on the press to give greater access to local council documents and decisions made by non-official delegates or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect against electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street due to a voting scandal in the Tower of London in East London.
Last year, a special court considering election issues ruled that the incumbent mayor, Luftur Rahman, was to be removed from office amid a long list of corruption and illegal activities.
The court found Rahman "cynical" about his Muslim community's religious sentiments and silenced his critics by accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as it was said, "carried out his campaign based on the fact that the duty of faithful Muslims was to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes cast doubt or were the result of a nation when a person votes by someone else.
Sir Eric said there had been evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed special concerns about voting fraud by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community reportedly pressured people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photo, has made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including a requirement to bring his identity card to prove who you are.
His report said: "there was evidence of pressure on vulnerable members of ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, to vote on the will of the senior, especially in in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were concerns that... state agencies closed their eyes to such behaviour because of the excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "over ethnicity and religion."
Eric's cheese has given 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the removal of political activists from working with postal ballots to stop "the harvest of votes."
The report, in a review by Theresa May, also calls for tighter checks at registration to prevent the use of voters' lists for immigration and privileges.
The option is to require the voting public to hold a photo ID card before voting.
Use unwashed ink on people's fingers as soon as they roll out their ballot to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Conduct systematic checks of people's nationality to ensure they have the right to vote.
Impose a three-year limit on applications for automatic mail voting.
Discourage political campaigners and activists from working with full-time absentee ballots and envelopes with electoral votes.
Give police powers to set cordons around polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier for people to be accused of intimidation according to the People's Act 1983.
Make illegal photographing at polling stations.
Demand that only English be used at polling stations (except Wales).
Enhance training to ensure that staff forces voters to go on a weekday alone.
Sir Eric is fiercely attacked by the city police, claiming it was "astonishing" that no criminal charges have been filed after the Tauer-Douglas affair.
"The court, considering election issues, disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a long list of corruption and illegal actions," he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of a reasonable doubt - a criminal standard of proof - on a number of grounds.
He also criticizes ineffectual "checks for the sake of galloping" departments of city administrations.
Sir Eric stated: "last year's ruling by the Court in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, yet the alarming and latent spread of electoral fraud and the state of denial by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Walking crazy by bicycle analogue Kate and other twin celebrities in the Rio Olympics
The fans Fans of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio this week went crazy on French cyclist Pauline Ferrran-Prevaux, who turned out to be impressively similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic Games is far from the only athlete fighting for gold this summer, which boasts its own famous double - at least according to reports in online networks.
So, in honour of the Rio Games and all the famous people appearing on our screens at the moment, the FEMALE made a list of Olympians having more than a superficial resemblance to the Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: a member of the men's team of US archers, Brady Ellison, left, compared Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to Kate's twin on the bicycle, many people online rushed to indicate how a certain archer could be the twin star Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the men's team of U.S. archers, Brady Ellison, caused was the cause of a Tiger hurricane after images emerged of him looking frighteningly similar to Wolf's star from Wallstreet.
And in fact, the archer learned about the madness of P2P networks and admitted that he had heard that he was like Leo since he was a child.
"I personally don't see huge similarities, maybe with the exception of vegetation on the face," Brady told Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly indicate more this year: a striking similarities between British Raj Gregg Radford-born Greg Roughford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Alicia Mustafa, with her big expressive eyes, is said to be an exact copy of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in a pool of South African swimmers, Glenn Van der Burga had been compared to the star of Hora Matthew Morrisin for many years.
Moving to a more unexpected one: this user believes that Nathan is a "sports version" of the actor "Nachala"
Another long-standing comparison was between tennis player Rafael Nasheed and actor Josh Harper, who can boast of similar hard eyebrows and lips.
The silver lining of the Russian swimmer Julia Efimov boasts not only the equally skinny skin and light hair as the actress AnnLinn McCord, while Nathan Adrian from the USA team, according to fans, is like the "sports version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Women: football star Joop Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter from Dexter, on the right, have the same facial and eye shapes
Not the only one: one Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: according to this user, perhaps there is a reason underlying the same pair's appearance
One Twitter user recently turned to the site to reveal his delight that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are really identical."
Indeed, the US soccer star and the Dexter actress have incredibly similar facial and eye shapes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of actress Lora Linney, as well as the winning gold medal gymnast Gareth Douglas, who can boast of her own beautiful smile that, which resembles Gabriel Junction's star.
The commentator for the Olympics on CBC apologizes that the Chinese swimmer "died as a pig"
Bayron's analysis of the fourth place finish at the end of 14-year-old Ai Yanikanh on a female relay style of 4x200 m outraged on the CBC viewers in direct broadcast of the Olympics
The Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started as a freak" and "died as a pig" during a skiing match.
Commentator Byron Macdonald thought his microphone was turned off when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final women's 4x200 m freestyle style.
It was possible to hear how the Brazilian, who was attracted to a CBC's team of commentators to "dilute her colour," said: "this 14-year-old kitten has dropped the ball, baby."
Too excited, started as a freak, died as a pig.
Thanks for this.
Chinese swimmer Ai Janhan, who is 14 years old, has run the second stage of the relay for 1: 57,79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Cancer, allowing Canadians to eliminate the gap from China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted to the net after being shocked by the tone and used expressions
Emmet Macfarlane tweet: "in fact, the CBC's announcer has just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" died as a pig "???"
This idiot didn't realize they were still broadcasting. "
About Ai Yanikanh from China in the final of the women's relay 4x200 m freestyle style said: "this little 14-year-old kitten has dropped the ball, baby."
A critic of Twitter immediately struck Byron Square, with many calling for him to quit.
Twitter users were not deterred when they heard how insensitive Bayron had been
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paraddz, wrote: "nothing is <hash> ByronMacDoc.
You represent CBC and Canada and make us look like a bunch of racists.
Soon after, Scott Russell, who led the CBC broadcast, apologized in a live interview for Harold's comment, saying: "we're asking for a pardon because the comment on the float was aired."
It was a short choice of words, we feel sorry for it. "
SHS has ended up in front of more than 90 people who responded to this statement
Commentator Scott Russell had an apology from Harold
CBC then copied and sent out their apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about Harold's comments
The corporal also rushed to apologize and post a to publish the statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to go out in the air.
Last night, we acted promptly to apologise to our viewers on the broadcast and our subscribers in online networks.
Let's be clear, Bayron's comments were related to about the performance of the swimmer, not to her as a person.
And yet it was an inappropriate and rational choice of words, and Byron greatly regrets what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, Jiang apologized in a live broadcast and tried to clarify his comment saying he didn't think his words were being depleted as an attack on the individual.
"I'd like to seize the moment to apologize for the comment I made last night after the women's relay," he told CBC's broadcast.
"I talked about the attitude of the swimmers, not about her personally."
"Needless to say, there was no disrespect, and I am very sorry."
The buyer of Primark robbed a woman who, without being shy about recklessly summed up underwear in the middle of the store
Buyers did not know where to take a look when a woman posed nude to sample panties, on the floor with stores in the midst of Primark.
Even worse, she measured how she looked in them, hooked them up and put her back on the shelf.
She continued the search and eventually measured four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping mall in Folkestone.
Shop Primark shopping centre Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where a woman sample knitted panties before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the time, said that after a sample of underwear a mysterious woman had "dressed up and walked out of the store without buying anything."
She said: "people could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the shopping hall, she took a pair of panties from the shop window, removed her own tights and panties and wore them.
"She didn't try to find somewhere a tiny place to do it - she just stood there, shameless."
"Everyone was tired when she took off the panties again, and they didn't really like it, because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same with three other couples before finally deciding there was nothing she liked, dressed up again and went out.
"It does not appear that she was cared for, who was watching her, or that she thought of the man who would eventually buy the tubes she had given up."
Jenny Davidson's 33-year-old Jenny Davidson of Kent, said: "as opposed to thinking that someone is going to take home the corpses someone else has already worn, they have not been washed."
The bombing happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I am drawn to the conclusion that the staff was apparently trying to remove these items of clothing from sale after she left - the better."
"I would not like to come home with a new pair of female panties and discover that the other woman wore and removed them and they have not been washed."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident that occurred in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday 9th August."
All goods that are being talked about were seized from sale.
How to protect yourself against guns using a crane
The surrounding world is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com may help make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Ron Mizrachi, the Master of the Federation of the Crowns in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at a close range.
Whether you're in front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber with his weapon.
If you're behind, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is turn around so you see the attacker and 'release the firing line'.
You then firmly squeeze the gun between your forearm and shoulder, before hitting them in the face with a free elbow.
Then it follows the knee in the legs, and as long as the attacker is bent against the pain, you roll the gun out of his hands, take him in the face, and walk back, holding the weapon back on him.
For an armed, appropriate front, a way of doing a similar thing - remove your body from the firing line, quickly grab the gun and twist it so that the villain can't shoot.
At the same time, move the weight on the gun and hit the attacker with a fist in the chest, then push the gun out of his grip before turning back and targeting him.
It sounds complicated?
Watch the video to see exactly what Mizrachi does.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you're not a master magician - is to give your cash.
For the guidebook, Daniel Wright spends his tongue on Europe's most dirty places
The British combine their immune system and the vomiting reflex with serious effects, licking some of the most dirty and disgusting places in Europe.
The lead and author of travel books Ian Wright, 51 years old, from of Saffk, conducted the language on the euro banknote, the railings of Circus Circus Piccale, the button washed off by a train and the Russian public telephone to prove the strength of his immune system.
Before pouring each object, he used a luminometer to show to himself and to us what he had.
But the experiment, which is to become a film called "Guide to the Travel Guide on the Inner Force," gave some surprising results.
The idea of of lapping off a button in a train that thousands of others use can be extremely disgusting, but there are more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout Europe, Wright spoke with doctors and medical professionals about the increase in intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing of the imprint brought him more than a bad taste in his mouth.
Wright became famous due to the strength of his bowel, traveling the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public railings on the shuttle to the button of the wash of the toilet, this task has undoubtedly tested his immune system
In the film he took off, he said: "from the very childhood I was totally carefree to my health and I pulled many different things in my mouth from the ground, eating worms and dirty water."
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he refused was a dirty Russian public toilet.
His trial stroke demonstrated a value of luminometers exceeding 4000 units.
For comparison: just washed hands should be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to lick, after the significance of its luminescence amounted to more than 4,000 units, while just washed hands reveal less than 60
Wright and the Hungarian manufacturer of dairy products Valio filmed a film about a travelling companion entitled "Guide to the Travel Guide on the Inner Force," which shows the number of bacteria in different places, for example in toilet
In the film, he said: 'it's close to one of the worst things I've done in the toilet.'
There is nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything, because it's disgusting.
"Guide to the Travel Guide on the Inner Force" was removed together with Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company provided by to Raymond Valio Gefilus, which contains acidic bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D, to help accelerate the growth of human intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior Vice-President of Valio on snacks, juices and new categories, Nico Ororenmaa, said: "we really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to look at and at the same time could explain the benefits of probiotics.
We had a brainstorming session that ended with the idea of "let's call Yana."
They argue that the interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them into a larger context: good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of bowel health and how it relates to the immune system.
A growing interest in bowel health is a global phenomenon, and through this documentary we have been able to present to consumers more information about it in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a good sense of humour!
Tom Hadala, who was the film's director, added: 'I'd rather lose respect for Yana if he were to paint some things I asked for, such as the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film.'
Naturally, some of Jan's things were easier to lick, and some were pretty tough.
I'm glad that some of these revelations have been made the above-mentioned things have been put on film. "
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio, 84 per cent of respondents attributed the bacteria to an exceptionally good condition of the stomach and intestines, and 58 per cent said they consume, at least occasionally, products containing the added oxygenic bacteria.
A family of hooligans destroyed Saltash, the municipal house of Kornoll, on the eve of the Nazi
A family of hooligans left their municipal home with losses of £50,000 after being evicted for intimidating their neighbours' intimidation.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner, Shona Trebka, have driven out of their property in Saltash, Cornwall, following a long list of complaints against them.
After being forcibly evicted from the property, shocked housing construction workers found the property in a state that needed repairs.
The walls were left with wintering holes, the bulbs were gutted, the debris was spread across the floor and the walls were stained with graffiti.
Family is now relocated and is supposed to live in a private apartment
Donna Mackay, a defector in Cornwall, said she feared not being rescued.
She said: 'it was an absolute nightmare for people here, and I don't think people should live this way.
There are many things that need to be weighed because this real estate object is likely to be known as not a very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family enjoys bad fame and their name is bad.
The couple had three sons who lived in the property from time to time, and police reports that the kingdom of terror caused by the family included fights on the street with baseball bits, bullying of residents of nearby neighborhoods, drug use, drug trafficking, defensive cries, controversy and abuse.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease agreement, received an anti-social conduct warrant in June.
In several rooms of the house, which could be demolished, found old trash
Floor boards in a house in which drugs were sold in the past were derailed
Neighbours say they saw fights on the street and regularly called police
Cornwall has forcibly evicted her and her partner's home this week after they were granted an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary leave.
The eviction was greeted with relief by neighbors who said their lives were turned into a hell of a mess.
One said: "they didn't bother anybody."
We lived with them for 20 years and it was always bad.
The number of times we have seen the police here is unbelievable.
"This morning we couldn't sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to it!
Now that they have finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the Cornwall Neighborhood Unit, said the family had failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with police, and was regularly summoned by police
Garbage and old toys were scattered below the overgrown side of the municipal house
He added: 'it is a shame that the landlord has failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family, since eviction is always the latest method of action that Cornwall disputes.
It was a very difficult case, since the behaviour was marginal and their actions were supposed to be terrifying to its watching neighbours.
I appreciate all the work my team, the police and the members of the Devon and Cornolola community have done to give us information.
I hope that this development will give a little comfort to neighbours and send a signal that social behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at various times, but said they were only a little more than 20 at the time.
A dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the bedrooms after a bath
Demolition workers will now have to remove the garbage bins that surrounds the home
In 2014, police raided the house and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as scales, corresponding accessories and 1,700 £in cash.
Skeldon was fined after being found guilty of possession of Class B drugs in order to supply.
She said the money went to pay for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After they were made homeless, there is information that Tanya and her partner now reside in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of the house were painted with graffiti across the surface.
Police say they will try to evict tenants who are not subject to rental rules for renting premises
Angelo Crow, of Devon and Cornolola police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message for those who feel they can behave without blame, as well as those who do harm," she said.
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornolola police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal came in horror when a low-flying military plane barely touched the beach
In the city of Aveira in Portugal tourists who love to hang out on the sun, fearful scared scared for their lives
The plane of the P-Tr Orion military air force of Portugal flew incredibly low
Air Force reported that it was carrying out a training flight but insisted on a lack of security risk
This is the moment when fearful tourists begin to panic, while the moment when a low-flying plane flipped over a crowded beach.
On dramatic frames, a military plane is visible, flying almost a distance from the sand hunters in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
The rest of the occupants were lying on their feet as soon as they became understandably concerned about the noise of the engines of the plane's, but without being able to see what was moving on their way through the clouds.
The incident took place last night near the town of Aveira in Koshta-Nova.
Daniel Douglass, one of several holidaymakers who posted a video of the a shocking slip on social networks, said: "it has flown quite low, and there was a moment, at some point, it seemed to break."
Nino Georges added: "I was surfing and swear, there was a feeling that the plane was about to fall on me."
Tourists on the Aveira beach were terribly frightened when the plane emerged from the fog and flew at an extremely low altitude
The Air Force of Portugal announced today that the pilot of the P-A1 Orion plane was carrying out a training flight to detect fishing vessels off shore, and was forced to drop as low as it was the only way to check them.
The pilot stated that the plane had flown slightly lower than usual due to the apparent visibility caused by the smoke from the nearby burning forests, but the air force insisted that no one was exposed to danger.
This summer, the forest fires damaged mainland Portugal and the lives of four people on the island of Madeira.
The Air Force of Portugal made today a statement that the pilot had to fly so low due to the dense fog and smog from forest fires that worsened visibility
The plane was carrying out a training flight and the pilot was tasked with locating fishing boats as part of the mission
The HACCP system has already been compulsory for the public for more than a year, but most cafes and restaurants in St. Petersburg have not yet been implemented.
Checks become more active and business faces fines up to 1 million roubles.
For more than a year, the HACCP system (HACCP, in the Russian version of HACCP) - risk analysis and critical control points - is required by manufacturers and food carriers, as well as by companies in the public sector in Russia, as a member of the Customs Union (TS).
The audit of business of Rospotrebnadzor to for compliance with these norms in St. Petersburg began in February 2015.
But for now, officials issue fines only for individual violations of the regulations (see "List of documents...").
Failure to comply with the regulations in general will cost the company 600,000 roubles for the first breach and 1 million roubles for the second.
The HACCP as a system that takes into account the risks associated with food and the softening of them, came up in the United States in the 1960s.
Then it was about the safety of the food for the astronauts.
Now the system is used on all food establishments not only in the USA, but also in Canada and in the European Union.
From February 2015, the HACCP operates on the territory of the CU.
The development and implementation of the system in business was 4 years (the requirement of the HACCP appeared in the CU technical regulations in 2011).
However, entrepreneurs themselves and officials admit that most companies have not even heard about this norm.
We have, unfortunately, long been convinced that the norm concerns only food production, not restaurateurs, explained the head of the Public Council, Elena Cereteli.
Now everyone is trying to get lost.
The expected resumption of charter flights to Turkey is the end of August - beginning of September.
However, they will not call for an increase in demand, as their target audience - families with children - is already preparing for school, experts say.
The travel agency alliance yesterday sent a letter to the government asking it to now allow the charters.
"For many Russian tourists, the issue of choosing high-quality and affordable sea holidays is insoluble, as at the resorts of Krasnodar and the Republic of Crimea most of the facilities are already booked before the end of September," the authors note and emphasize that the opening of the charter transport will not affect the already existing demand for Russian marine products.
As the North-West regional branch of the Russian Union of Surgeons (PCT) reported, in case the aviation agencies of Russia and Turkey are quick to contract, the renewal of charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
A clear understanding is when the charters will be renewed, so far it depends primarily on the Romanian authorities.
It is technically possible to fly airplanes in September, even August, if tour operators will quickly build programs and contract with airlines about the right direction, "says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director of communications and international projects for the North-West regional division of PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of charters is good news, but not too much will affect the arrangement of forces on the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned from holiday and are preparing for school or spend holidays in other countries.
In the velvet season, the tours are mostly occupied by travelers and couples.
Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to relax, "says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract many tourists if it now offers very budget proposals - 50-60 thousand roubles per tour for two, because there are people who are purposefully waiting for very cheap tours," says Valeria Rosenthal, general director of travel agency Optio-Travel.
Otherwise, it's not worth counting on the excitement - the bulk of travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that, since there is demand for regular flights to Turkey, charters will also be in demand, but there is no waiting to wait.
"For Turkey, the launch of charters is now a rehearsal for next season," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters to Turkey is positive news for the next season," said Valery Rubtsova.
The tax code provides for the exemption from the statutory compensation imposed by the law of compensation payments within the limits of approved norms related to the reimbursement of damage caused by injury or other health damage.
The workers who are employed on the work with harmful working conditions Russian veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies established norms are provided by the RF Medical Academy to export livestock Migrant workers who are engaged in work with harmful working conditions, milk according employed on the work with harmful work meat, and meat products to Russia.
At the same time the norms and conditions of the issue are set by order of the Ministry of Health Protection of Russia of 16.02.2009 № 45n.
According to this document, free contamination of milk or other equivalent foodstuffs is produced by workers in the days of actual employment on the work with harmful work conditions caused by the presence of harmful production factors in the workplace.
Based on the above-mentioned norms, the Federal Tax Service of Russia in the above-mentioned letter concluded that on the basis of the above.2 Article abbey 2 item 3 of the RF Code of the Russian Federation shall be exempt income in the form of the value of milk issued to workers in the days of actual employment on the works with harmful working conditions in accordance with norms and conditions approved by the Russian Ministry of Health Protection of Russia from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
The Moscow Gazette was left without a Central Bank license.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the Central Bank of Russia revoked the license for banking operations at the Credit Commercial Bank "GAZSTROYBANK," registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC "GAZSTROYBANK" carried out high-risk credit policies related to the placement of funds in low-quality assets.
An adequate assessment of the accepted risks at the request of the supervisory authority and a reliable reflection of the bank's asset values resulted in the establishment of a basis for the credit institution to implement the measures for the prevention of bankruptcy.
In addition, the credit organization was involved in conducting questionable transit operations.
A temporary administration is appointed in the bank for a period of time prior to until the appointment is made in a competitive manager or a liquidator.
The powers of the executive bodies of the lending institution in accordance with federal laws are suspended.
JSC "GAZSTROYBANK" - participant of the deposit insurance system.
Let us recall that the payment of insurance compensation to depositors of the bank, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with the Federal Law 196-FZ "On insuring the deposits of individuals in banks of the Russian Federation" is provided in the amount of 100% of funds, but not more than 1.4 million roubles in aggregate per depositor.
The payout, according to the Deposit Insurance Agency, will begin no later than August 26, 2016.
According to the accounts, the largest assets of JSC JSCSTROYBANK as of August 1, 2016, occupied 335 place in the RF banking system.
London schoolgirl who joined the uprising in Syria
Cadiz Sultan, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the rebellion, is reported to have perished in Syria.
The lawyer for Tasmen Akunji stated that her family was found out about her death in Rakka, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is alleged that she died from a Russian air strike in Rakka, the stronghold of the group in the country, as reported by ITV News on Thursday.
The Sultan was 17 years old, and according to her family she perished just when she was planning to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of it all - as a slap and a testament to others - that these are precisely the risks that are being talked about when traveling to the war zone - to persuade people to ever make the same choice," said Bakunji.
In February 2015, Sultan and two other schoolgirls from eastern London boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultans' family said she had married a rebel fighter in Syria and had become a widow for months.
Reed says Clinton will remain loyal to Garland as Supreme Court nominee in the election
Democrat leader in the senate Harry Reed says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as president.
Senate Republicans blocked Garland's approval, as President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
The head of the Senate majority group, Mitch McConnell, says the next president will elect the man who can replace the last Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reed said at a conference call Thursday that he predicts Clinton's aides to will have been "with some degree of confidence."
A spokeswoman for Reed later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland, and was just building assumptions.
He praised Garland and said the Clinton team would not want to "shake the boat" with a new choice.
Garland - Chief Justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reed said Republicans who block Garland's nomination are "tailed" and "accomplices" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He stated that Trump is not suitable for the post.
Treats declares erotic calendars for 'women, also as for men'
The Treats magazine collaborates with photographer David Blummer to release the 2017 calendar, inspired by the 1970s boom.
But instead of naked celebrities, they aim to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 calendar with nude flies.
The president of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with a lot of nude models is different from the old-fashioned classics, because "Hello is for men."
I make it for women.
Obviously, he thinks the calendar is there too.
"We need to return to the demonstration of an eternal and classic nude figure, where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Show said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will want to be part of this project because it is a fine work of art.
Models can submit photos online or personally on open casting in Los Angeles and New York.
Muscovites will give out monuments about unfair Internet shops.
In Moscow, they are going to issue a memorandum that will tell how not to fall victim to an online store.
This was reported by Rospotrebnadzor, writes M24.
It is reported that the agency's specialists are preparing a commemorative stamp that will help citizens to choose the online store and recognize possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of this brochure provides several sections.
It will be the general information and legislative framework, rules for the delivery of goods, ways of protecting their legal rights.
The application will provide guidance on how to properly compose the dictionary and so on, "they told the Rospotrebnadzor.
The memorial is currently being finalized.
Subsequently it will be posted on the website of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow, it is planned to release the printed version as well, and distribute it to mosquitos.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has published a statement in which it named the name of the second suspect in the organization of the sabotage in Crimea.
Persons from the Ukrainian and Russian citizens who assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts were detained.
Among them are Patov Evgeny Aleksandrovich and Zakhtej Andrei Romanovich.
"They all give confessions," the report said.
Earlier, a resident of Zaporozhye region, Yevgeny Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in Crimea, admitted his guilt at questioning.
The FAS cost Google 438 million roubles.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service of Russia (FAS) has appointed an administrative penalty on Google's import of 438 million rubles, the agency's website said.
"The penalty for Google for violating antitrust laws amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will execute our decision and pay a fine in the near future, "Deputy Head of FAS, Alexei Destimko, told the Deputy Head of the Federal Migration Service.
In the course of the investigation, the FAS has established that Google is supplying manufacturers of smartphones, which are sold on the territory of Russia, to the Google Play app store only on the condition that other applications of the corporation will be installed as well.
Among these applications is a search engine, which must be placed on the main smartphone screen.
Thus, the corporation violates Article 10 § 10 of the Federal Law on the Protection of Competition (abuse of dominant position).
We are confident that the execution of the injunction will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in the mobile software market in Russia, which will have a favorable impact on our consumers.
The Law "On the Protection of Competition" must be followed by to be followed by all companies whose products are delivered to the territory of the Russian Federation, and transnational corporations including, "noted the Head of the Communications and Information Technologies Department of the Federal Migration Service of Russia, Elena Zaeva.
The agency suspects 16 Russian stores.
The New Book Network was fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide."
The New Bookstore chain is fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide," the Moscow city news agency reported. "
As reported by Rospotrebnadzor, without specifying the amount of the fine, the text of the book may be considered "provoking or motivated by suicidal behavior of children and teenagers."
The Ostankinsky district court confirmed the violation of the established requirements for distribution among children of information production and ordered punishment in the form of a fine of 49 copies of printed goods, which were arrested by the Directorate of Rospotrebnadzor administration.
A source in the New Book confirmed that it was about the work of Glass Kramer.
In March of this year, it was reported that the largest bookstores in Moscow are checking for the book "50 days before my suicide."
The evening of Memory of the Unknown will take place in Moscow, the.
The evening of memory of the sculptor Ernst Unknown will take place in Moscow, reports TASS.
The event will take place on August 15 at the Central House of Senators.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to the unknown in the U.S. personally.
Therefore, it was decided to give this evening to those who want to take him to his native land, "the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress said in a press service.
They noted that it was important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
In the evening, close friends of the Unknown, including poet Evgeny Yevtushenko, artist Boris Messrashir, President of the Pushkin Academy of Sciences Irina Antonova, director Marc Rozovsky, and Russian Deputy Mayor Leonid Pechatnikov are invited.
Previously, it was reported that the relatives of Ernest Unknown plan to hold a panikhida on a sculpture in New York, presumably until August 14.
The final consumer of vinyl: who is actually buying the records?
Single men of middle age love vinyl.
And as long as you have not rushed the comments section by second-hand insults under the pseudonym of the Non-Medieval People's, this statement arises from actual data.
According to YouGov, so much discussed revival of the plastic is due to not being noticed among the generation of the two thousand, who want to penetrate the novelty of the material subject, but the nostalgia of the middle years.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album with a high probability are between the ages of 45 and 54, according to the data.
Moreover, those belonging to the 18-24 age group are the least likely.
It is also not just an act of collecting amateurs - it has an emotional meaning: older buyers of vinyl are somewhat more likely to keep their feelings in themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy loneliness (69% vs. 66%).
But are YouGov's results correct?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would follow me while I'd walk around the center of the busy Soho street, wearing a modest silver suit and jogging in front of the stop, folding hands and saying something suggestive: "let's see."
So let's see.
While the heart of Soho is slowly deprived of its charm and mud - hotels, cafes, shopkeepers are now flooded with buildings once occupied by independent sellers - several music shops with fantastic specialists have still left.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next scene, in which I am close to various people at some of these stores and try to gauge their age and emotional mood through surveillance.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55 years old from Diane Ray Ray (counting data: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably older than 20), in London for half a day to meet and walk around to take a few hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I suppose yes," he says.
I have around 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
The discs pictured above (he sent me an e-mail to the picture, I didn't chase him up to the house), go along the lines of his living room.
His reason for acquiring such a huge number of albums and singles partly follows his disposable income: he is now able to buy records he could not afford when they just came out, and buy items he sold when he was young and on his own.
"A lot of what I'm acquiring is the end of the '60s, the early 1970s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy discs are most likely introverts, who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink very much.
This is my disadvantage.
Wes, 25, who works at Ray Ray, also believes that many of the clients he meets fit the YouGov profile.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people being influenced by the hype in the media, people who heard about the return and the obligation to buy back their old records.
Judging by the conversations I had, people got rid of their collection, usually around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their discs, "he says.
This may explain the boom among people in the figures of the revival of the vinyl of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of plastic?
It's enough to spend a few seconds in a store like Phenix to understand that plastic stores offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to Wright, some more senior clients, in particular, are offended by the cash payment system.
Some fans of the vinyl can feel a shock from the digital world and prefer to retire to the consistency of familiar plastics envelopes, items that stir up memories of a silent young man restless youth.
"I think that sometimes it may be the filling of the void or the possession of material things as a kind of calm," says Wyss.
Since I am a collector myself, I have it, and I think a lot of people are too.
It's an easy way to take your head.
"We are like their social workers!" said a colleague from the plate rack.
An ICM poll in April showed that almost 50% of people who bought a vinyl album last month had not yet heard it.
The poll also found that 41% have minors they never use, while 7% of those of those who buy vinyl do not have a player.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably have looked seriously puzzled, swapping the shelves with Bozano pumpkin collectors.
The "trombone" aspect of the revival is that of Johnny, 42, who works in Sounds of the Shadows (the data count: three men middle-aged).
"Someone came up recently and said:" I don't have a plastic player, but I want to buy the Radiohead plate so we can put it in a shelf, 'back on its own, "he says.
It's not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More of a part of the game, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't have a player of plastic."
It is younger people, not older, they are a little less than twenty, who only get acquainted with it.
The Fopp, which has now taken up almost the entire floor of the vinyl, is much more interested in the audience when I arrive.
There are couples for 70, tourists who take pictures, teenage boys and women of middle age.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - the latest single and sexy Wild Beast, rather than jazz improvisation, is being punctured through the columns - it is nice to see the variety in their customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but excruciating psychological trauma is difficult to set up 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27, went to Fopp for a few minutes, looking at the various records available in the sale.
She's looking at goods, not spending money.
She does not earn much, according to her, therefore, collecting records is not a very appropriate option.
It is expensive.
Listening to music on a computer or other device is simple, but the beauty of the vinyl is... "it is falling into she said in a dream with a sigh filled with love.
I don't know how to explain - it's really unique.
My last stop is the store, which is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of vinyl lovers: the urban maddards.
While I am creating the illusion that I am considering wearing jeans, I watch a group of teenage girls gather around Polaroid's camera every minute, before the father and his daughter begin discussing the purchase of the playley player.
On the left is a staircase, which is covered with plates Adele, Mustafa Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Flitwood Muck: a mix of modern style and aesthetics, mandatory records for any medium collection.
No one is looking - perhaps because they are a mere decoration, some are located so high on the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
This is a real "artistic vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects could mean more money for the industry and send several customers in the depths of Soho for a while, almost no one is complaining.
Not surprisingly, a population that is more likely than most have more time and money than most is the layer that spends most money on luxury goods such as vinyl.
But while my findings suggest that YouGov's results are accurate, at least in Soho's plastic stores, they do not rule out the existence of a huge number of female collectors and amateur vinyl dealers that exist in reality, in plastic shops and online forums.
These people are likely to work hard at school or offices.
But they are clearly not spending Thursday morning walking the plastic shops at Berwick Street, swapping records and avoiding the sight of a nasty 30-year-old fake presenter who hangs unsuspecting middle-aged men over his shoulders.
Greenland polar shark - the longest surviving animal - video report
Scientists say the Greenland polar shark has a life expectancy of all the vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies these sharks, says the record has set a female age of 272 to 430 years and a length of five metres
The French court rejects proposal to drop shop in refugee camp Jungle
A French court has rejected a proposal by authorities to bring down dozens of self-made shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, Calle authorities said the state should be able to carry out a total of 72 self-service stores, where people inside the camp sell goods from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer to cut or sell tea for 50 cents (40hr) or simple meals for a few euros in self-made restaurants.
The Calle prefecture has suggested that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they carry a fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that shops and restaurants are vital, saying the free meals offered by the pro-government association and other groups do not provide enough food for the growing camp population.
They have stated that self-made stores and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those who need it.
The Montreal court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel 72 self-employed stores, but said the problems of Cale prefecture "were fully understood."
Justice Jean-François Molola said the mausoleum, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the spaces were quiet points of a meeting of refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was at risk of demolition was the prison café Book of the Jungle Cafe at the camp support, which is not working for benefits and offers 200 meals a day, lessons on boxing and English and asylum counseling for hundreds of vulnerable minors unaccompanied camp.
More than 170 000 people signed a petition to protect the church cafe.
The letter sent to the Guardian said the, stated that its closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are no older than eight years old."
Two charities, Help the Bedboys and L'Auberge des Mines on Friday estimated that the number at the Jungle camp rose and exceeded 9,000 people - the highest in history - after a sharp increase in arrivals during the summer.
The microdistricts libraries invite young people on cognitive programs.
This week, the library branches will hold meetings dedicated to City Day, the Year of Russian Cinema, and even the Day of the Classics.
Programs are aimed at children's audiences, so much of it will take place in games form.
Today, on August 10, the library branch № 2, in the flooded area, invites on a cruise presentation "My little book is small."
On August 11, in the library of Memorial <hash> 1, there will be a local history of "I live in this city, I know this city."
The library-branch <hash> 2 on the same day will take place the multimedia lesson "Earth's past of the native destiny."
And in the library of Memorial <hash>-branch № 4 in Surazevka - a play program "Film, film, film."
On Sunday, August 14, for guys from the northern district, the library branch № 3 will host the game program "Fizcult-Hi-Hi!"
Britain stops at Wembley Stadium in rugby-7 after the Fiji master class allows them to take gold
Britain's rugby series at rugby-7 was crushed at the final hurdle by Fiji's team in the final Thursday night, when they were fully defeated 43-7 at DeLauro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class on possession of ball, unpack, avoidance, game support, running lines and brute force to win gold - their first silver medal of any colour.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - Britain's third one day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic 7 rugby tournament, in which New Zealand, Ghana and South Africa competed along the South Africa won.
The painful beating of Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, could have come back to negatively impact them in the final.
But, in spite of the fact, Fiji won as much as, in this form, defeated a team of 15 people.
This may be some comfort for Britain - but probably not - that at least one British will weigh in tomorrow's neck gold medal: the head coach of Fiji - is Ben Ryan, England's former Wimbledon chief.
It was a bit of a journey for Britain.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game to Hitchens.
Here they lost just one.
These blows will hurt, but progress is striking.
Fiji started out great, for the fun of beating Britain's attempts to intercept the ball.
It was like hitting a column of moving buses for Captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the World Series champions went up 5-0 when Oseia Colinisau dive into the corner.
With four minutes on the clock, Jerrir Tuvalai added another touchdown to the right flank that was implemented.
12-0 and Great Britain barely touched the ball.
A magnificent attempt at the interception of Mitchell kept the man-mountain, Leon Nakavaru from scoring a third, but this only delayed Fiji.
On the seventh minute, Jana Veremalua made a touchdown in the right corner and Great Britain was losing 17-0.
Narkarawa added another after the restart and on the clock it was still more than a minute... in the first half.
Wavero Rovvo then went through a few more attempts to intercept Britain and stormed the line to point out.
The implementation led to 29-0 in the break.
It looked as if Fiji had been born to play rugby, while Britain still had a craft.
That is largely true.
The UK made massive replacements for half of the game, and they braved the Philadelphia dam... for all four minutes, which was good for the first half, until Joshua Tuisisova came through after several brilliant fiqean interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed an attempt for Britain by making the touchdown in the left corner to score 36-7, but the game was a long way off the island of South Sea, whose fans were singing, waving flags and dancing in the stands.
It was not possible to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William stole the fijean cake, which did not need embellishment, another attempt in the last seconds.
The whistle came, the fiijians hugged and Britain fell on the lawn completely defeated.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in their semi-final, and Great Britain went the United Kingdom slightly overplayed South Africa in a tight semi-final by one attempt each - the British implementation.
Kyle Brown outputs Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton by some brilliant leg work broke the line and scored under points in the second half.
In a recent attempt to intercept Marcus Watson, brother of the 15-year-old England team, Anthony, secured a victory - and ultimately a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Hizer Bunning are inspired to win the battle of the coach with cancer
There won't be any more exciting gold on these games, and it's talking about something.
From the first movement to the last, 220 heavy climbs into history, Helen Glover and Hizer Bunning have found the added value of their golden moment on the Estuary da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who drew weight, there were three voices in this boat, the echo of Coach Robin the coach Robyn Williams was always so long as they were aiming for the second consecutive Olympic gold in female pairs the women's singles, the first women in the annals of British sport who reached such height.
Their superiority was absolute, after all it was their 39th undefeated performance, again unprecedented.
What we see, the two brilliant athletes, sliding across the surface with the elegance of swans, do not fully reflect the nature of triumph.
Behind each of the gold ensembles a battalion of ready hands conducive to gradually growing victories that are important and there are no hands, which were more important than the hands of a trainer who 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know whether he would live to see this day.
As he said it was a dangerous affair.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the things that they can operate, and they did.
If they don't, it goes everywhere.
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes your views a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he could start treatment at the beginning of 2014 in an interseason, keeping the schedule gap minimal if it could be the right expression in circumstances like these.
I needed payment, so I needed to recover quickly.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and walking around on the separation - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time - though they had been talking quite a few steps.
This is how it starts.
The lobby itself is a journey, but it makes it a little more.
In the next moments after the victory, their first thoughts were about William, who had spent a nervous morning talking a little more than usual, in an attempt to overcome his own experiences.
Bunning, the captain of the artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan, said: "I was an emotional wreck this week, maybe it's a bit too much, but it's so much."
It just confirms how much this means to me, how much I and Helen work, and Robin, too.
It's been a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robyn we would be nothing, so a huge thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have asked for better partner training or better coaching.
Helen Glover and Heather Bunning have not lost a single race in five years.
This pair sets a tight rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even on the last 500 metres, when the New Zealand and Denmark teams began to approach, Bunning and Glover had too much in stock.
We were heavily in phase.
Helen called: stay in the process, stay in the process.
Now it is very important not to bother.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not trying to do something amazing.
We didn't wait for the fireworks tonight, we just waited to get in and out and win this race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to decide their future.
Glover is due to be at the wedding next month, on her own with television personality adventure Steve Beckham.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
That would mean too much pressure.
It took about six months for London to realize that I became an Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so tense.
It took about four minutes.
Feel so much better, "she said.
The government has extended the deadline for destroying the sanction products
The government has extended by the end of 2017 the deadline for destroying foodstuffs banned from imports to Russia.
The corresponding decree was signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it was published on the official portal of legal information.
The embargo on countries that have imposed anti-Russian sanctions due to the situation in Ukraine was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently the ban has been extended repeatedly, now it is valid until December 31, 2017.
It is forbidden to import certain types of agricultural products, raw materials and foodstuffs from the USA, European Union countries, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, meat and meat products, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruit and dairy products have been banned under the ban.
The disposal of foodstuffs imported into the country bypassing the embargo is being conducted in Russia since August 2015.
In the first quarter of 2016 alone, about 100 tonnes of banned products were withdrawn from sale.
The hunt for "forbidden"
On Friday, rains and thunderstorms are expected in Moscow.
There will be an atmospheric front through the metropolitan area, which will bring precipitation and lower temperatures.
The air will warm up to 25 degrees in the afternoon.
For example, in the night on Saturday in Moscow there will be short-term rain, possible thunderstorms and wind blows up to 15 m / s.
The afternoon is expected to rain with thunderstorms and winds of up to 12-17 m / s.
Rains with thunderstorms are also predicted in Orlovsky, Kursk and Voronezh regions, reports Dni.ru..
In the next week, precipitation is unlikely.
The WTO panel has established that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil are contrary to the rules of the organization.
The import rates exceed the commitments made by Russia when joining the WTO.
"This is the first time the WTO has decided against the RF," according to a report on the organization's official website.
However, the referees emphasized in their conclusion that the European Union did not provide sufficient evidence that Russia's measures were "systematic" or "comprehensive."
Russia, in turn, has pledged in the near future to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This was reported by the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
On July 4, it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization for the actions of Russia, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This was stated in a statement from the Ukrainian government.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that the conduct of the US in resolving contentious issues in the WTO undermined the principles of discussion adopted in the organization.
A similar announcement was made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other members of the WTO due to the refusal of the Americans to approve the second term of the South Korean judge, von Hoon Hwa Hwa, for a second term.
In this connection, Russia will not address the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation.
The WTO is an international organization established in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
Now its members are 192 countries.
Russia joined in 2012.
In the administration of the president was replaced by the chief
Russian President Vladimir Putin appointed the head of his own administration, former deputy Sergei Ivanov, to Anton Vaino.
Vladimir Putin held a reshuffle in the presidential administration and expressed hope that the new head of his administration will contribute to the contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
Anton Vaino, in the course of the meeting, stated that he considers the important anticorruption work that began to be conducted as head of the administration of President Ivanov, and promised to cooperate with the government.
Previously "Izvestia" wrote that experts consider the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov from the post of the head of the administration transparent and clear and overtly will not change anything in the activity of the Kremlin administration.
They note that the supervisor, who has been working in the presidential administration for quite a long period of time, has effectively lined up the activities of the AP.
Instead of him came the deputy head of the administration Anton Vaino - a man who knows very well the specifics of this work.
In Poland they admit that they will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
PGNiG, the state-run Polish oil and gas company, does not rule out that, after several years, gas supplies from the Russian Federation may become unattractive to it due to fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was reported by the vice-president of the Polish company for finance, Bohuslav Mazetz.
His words convey to TASS.
"It can so happen that we won't be totally purchasing gas (at Gazprom), we are now diversifying our supplies.
Within the next four years, the main supply lines for us will be East, raw materials from LNG terminals and Norway, "said Mazhez.
Currently, Gazprom holds a dominant position in gas deliveries to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNiG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half-year of 2016 had set it almost 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% higher than the level of 2015.
The share of Russian gas giant in purchases of PGNiG rose to 49.8% in comparison with 40% a year earlier.
Let us recall that on July 22 the anti-monopoly agency of Poland did not coordinate the creation of joint venture between Gazprom and its European partners for the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.
A month earlier, Poland had left a request to Gazprom to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas for Severnaya Stream-2.
This was stated by the deputy chairman of the board of the holding, Alexander Medvedev.
An auction on the capacity of Nord Stream 2 will take place in 2017, and in the autumn of 2016 there will be an auction on its laying.
In late May, it was reported that Gazprom is not yet planning to take any action on the Polish side's intentions to reject long-term contracts for gas deliveries from Russia after 2022, Deputy Chairman of the Management Board of the of the company's board Alexander Medvedev said.
He recalled that in the 1st quarter of the year, Poles only increased by 42% of gas purchases from Russia.
The deputy chairman of Gazprom added that the fact of submitting the Polish PGNiG application to the Stockholm Arbitration Court does not yet mean the termination of negotiations.
Previously, the Polish company appealed to the judiciary to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
Let us recall that Poland's authorized government on gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Nimsky, reported that the Polish authorities decided not to renew the contract with Gazprom to supply gas.
Poland's contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, Poland's authorized government on gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Nimsky, announced that his country in six years could refuse to supply blue fuel from the east.
According to him, Warsaw plans to construct a new terminal for liquefied natural gas of Baltic Sea, which will connect the country with Norwegian shelf.
Nord Stream 2 provides for the construction of two gas pipelines with a total capacity of 55 bcm of gas per year from Russia to Germany on the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
The OSCE Special Monitoring Mission (SMM) increased the number of observers near Ukraine's border with Crimea.
This was reported by the first deputy head of the SMM in Ukraine, Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that SMM has increased the number of observers in this area," he said, answering the relevant question of journalists, reports "RIA Novosti."
According to the OSCE, the situation on the border between Ukraine and Crimea is calm, incidents affecting security are not fixed there.
Observers tracked routes at three crossing points through the Russian-Ukrainian border.
On the Internet there appeared a video of the Yak-42 passenger plane landing at the airport, which rolled off the runway at 400 m and fell on the left.
The video was published by the "360" television channel.
The incident occurred in Lviv on Moscow time.
The flight of the airline Krasavia "arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe location.
The aircraft itself was transported to the parking lot.
Ufa airport operates in normal mode.
The Volga Investigation Directorate of Transport of the Russian Federation began to ascertain the reason for the hard landing of the airliner.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN Special Commission is investigating the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, but the UN's special envoy for Syria, Stefan de Mistura, considers the incident undisputed.
Such statements came ahead on the eve of the third round of the inter-Syrian talks, which are due to begin in late August in Geneva.
UN specialists have launched an investigation into allegations of chemical weapons use in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information on the refrigerant with the use of toxic gas, presumably chlorine, appeared on August 2.
Then the opposition said that in the district, where the Russian military transport helicopter was knocked down on the eve of the day, the aviation was dropping bombs with poisonous substance, but in Moscow these charges were called a throw-out.
Later, the Ministry of Defense of Russia accused the opposition group, "Harakat Nur al-Din al-Zinc," of the opposition group.
It soon became known that the start-up of the toxic gas bombs were two.
This confirmed the BBC one of the injured.
"A few minutes later I felt the smell of gas, the start of my eyes, it became difficult to breathe," the eyewitness quoted the publication as saying.
As a result of the attack, at least 7 people died and 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of poisonous gas is confirmed by experts, actions will be considered a war crime.
The UN's special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told journalists: "the evidence that this really happened is a lot."
The admissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes is prohibited in the Chemical Weapons Convention (KXO).
Although all sides of the Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015 human rights activists recorded 35 cases of the use of chlorine by the Syrian army against "moderate opposition."
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that the shelling of its districts is carried out on a daily basis and the terrorists hinder the withdrawal of residents from the city.
According to Reuters, the UN is waiting for Russia to establish a "humanitarian pause" in military action.
The current regime of daily three-hour silence in the organization is considered "insufficient to help the nearly 2 million civilians trapped in the rubble."
An adviser to Staffordshire de Mistura on humanitarian issues, Jan Egeland, stated that a 48-hour ceasefire would be needed to deliver aid and evacuation of the and and wounded every week, to the city.
"We have to send bulk freight from column trucks in areas where roads are virtually destroyed and those that are left are mined," said Mr Egeland, "but the Russian delegation confirmed readiness to sit with us at the negotiating table."
Consultations in Geneva between representatives of the USA and Russia regarding the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" continue.
As Russia has opened "humanitarian windows" in Aleppo.
In an ongoing battle for Aleppo - the second largest Syrian city - Russia on August 11 announced the introduction of a three-hour cease-fire regime, which will take effect daily starting on Thursday.
The creation of "humanitarian windows" is designed to provide conditions for the delivery of medicines, food and necessities to the city.
The decision of the RF Ministry of Defense is taken against the backdrop of increasing international pressure on Moscow to suspend the military operation and promote the resumption of the negotiation process.
As a result of a series of bombings on Thailand's resorts, four people have died.
Immediately several explosions occurred in the south of Thailand on Friday morning.
As a result of the attack, four people were killed and 19 wounded.
The epicenter of the bombings came on the city of Hua-Khin.
Among the injured were ten foreigners, citizens of four states, and Russians are not among them.
No terrorist group was responsible for the incident, but the country's Interior Ministry rushed to claim that the Islamists were not involved.
Several people have already been detained on suspicion of organizing the bombings.
According to preliminary data from the local police, the scale and features of the explosions indicate that they were directed against the country's leading military.
The attacks occurred on popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in the area of Phuket and the town of Hua-Khin, Trang and Surat-Tani.
After the military junta came to power in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remained one of the few sectors that showed development.
In 2016, 14 million people visited the country, 1.5 million more in 2015.
The first suspects in the preparation and organization of the attacks have already been detained, police colonel Kristana Patstarted said.
It is too early to speak about goals, he added, but the country's Interior Ministry of Internal Affairs "is confident that they are not connected with international extremist groups."
It is too early to draw conclusions, "Mr Patstarted said.
But we are sure that these incidents are not directly related to any type of terrorism, in fact these are local diversions and we are trying to establish the identities of those behind them.
The bombings occurred on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand.
The Thai junta considers the monarchy to be one of its top priorities, so the incident is likely directed against it.
According to the statements of General Police Sitihei Shosiparenrath, the bombs were detonated remotely with the difference in half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on busy streets filled with tourists' dining in the restaurants in.
It is already known that one of the four dead was a Thai girl who traded street food.
The identities of the remaining victims are still unknown, but they are known to be residents of four foreign countries.
According to the royal police of Thailand, among them four German citizens, three subjects of the Netherlands, two citizens of Italy and a citizen of Austria.
There are no Russians are not among the victims of the bombings veterinary watchdog Rosselkhoznadzor has licensed another 29 Polish companies to export livestock, reported the press service of meat, and meat products to Russia.
Local experts also link explosions with the August 7 referendum, on which 61.4% of the country's population supported the draft new constitution.
He was preparing a constitution commission appointed by the military junta.
The vote needed to be determined whether they support a system whereby the upper house of parliament is fully appointed by the military and has a significant role in electing the country's prime minister.
The new system was adopted and will be tried for the first time in the 2017 parliamentary elections.
To recall, on May 22, 2014, a military coup took place in Thailand under the leadership of the country's army commander, Prayuth Chan-ocha.
This step, he said, was driven by the ongoing political crisis and the lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the National Council of Peace and Order, imposed curfew and censorship, dispersed protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How Blake found himself in an emergency
The Thai government headed by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014 announced the imposition of a state of emergency in Bangkok and adjacent to the capital city of the provinces.
The special regime lasted 60 days.
There were two explosions in Bangkok.
In January 2014, at the center of the Victory Monument, where one of the main protests took place, two explosions occurred, injuring 28 people, five of them in critical condition.
Explosions were unknown on motorcycles.
The authorities increased security measures in the capital and drew military forces to protect demonstrators.
In Suh Log, the development of conditions began.
As Kommersant revealed, the government is asked to agree on a draft of the conditions for the auction of the Sukhoi Log gold mine with two key restrictions.
The businessman does not offer a company that is 25% owned by foreigners, and those claimants whose capital will not be at least 25% of the state budget.
The participants of the industry are not waiting for the government to rewrite the conditions, noting that many players and so do not risk to fight for a complex and expensive project.
The auction can be announced in August, and in October.
The Ministry of Natural Resources submitted a draft order and conditions for the auction to the largest undeveloped gold mining field in Russia, Sukhoi Log (Irkutsk Oblast, reserves and resources - 130 mln. ounces), two sources told Kommersant, familiar with the situation.
The project was introduced on Wednesday evening, clarifies one of them.
The Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed to Kommersant that the project was submitted to the government.
The representative of the supervising subsoil use of the vice-premier, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin told "Kommersant" that the Vice-official project had not yet entered the apparatus into the vice-premier Aleksandr apparatus of.
"The auction may be announced as early as August, immediately following the government's order, and due to the deadline for collecting the applications of potential participants (no less than 45 days) the tender may take place as early as October," they say in the Ministry of Natural Resources.
According to Wikipedia, there were two key requirements for potential participants identified in the version,, which was sent to the was sent to the ministries and the PHIU in July (there is a "FAQ").
The first is the presence of at least 25% of the state in the capital.
The second is refusal to access the utility for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on an understanding of the FZ-57 on foreign investments in strategic societies.
According to two of the draft articles of the FZ, as already published on August 2, the businessman may not allow a company whose beneficiaries (25% and above) are not tax residents of the RF or have dual citizenship.
The government has the right to impose such restrictions, since Sukhoi Log refers to the depths of the federal value (reserves over 50 tons of gold).
The Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but declined to comment on the details before the government's order.
The demand for the state budget in the capital of participants of the auction nominated Irkutsk region, spoke in December 2015 "Kommersant" in the Ministry of Natural Resources and confirmed later the governor of the region Sergei Levchenko, noting that it was sent to the Ministry of Natural Resources by his predecessor, Sergei Yeroshenko, "having arrangements on investment projects with" Rosteach. "
Who lobbied to restrict the admission of foreigners, the interlocutors of Solidarity do not specify.
"But it is in the spirit of the time: not to give back control in the largest gold deposit in Russia against the background of Western sanctions," says a person familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The head of the Ministry of Natural Resources, Sergei Donskoy on August 1 stated that foreigners "could go to the consortium" if the applicants would attract them "as financial structure, technological partners."
"Kommersant" The interlocutors of Solidarity find it unlikely that the government will adjust conditions in the government.
The main applicant for Sukhoi Log in the industry is the consortium of the largest gold mining company of the Russian Federation, PJSC "Polyus," the control son of Suleiman Kerimov, and "Rosteha."
As "Kommersant" wrote, in July the partners created JV "SIL Gold," where, "Polus" has 51% share,, with the structure of "Rostekha" RT-GR - 49%.
In "Rostehe" declined to comment, "Polyus" stated "Kommersant" that "certainly interested in this activity" and possess all necessary competencies and resources for its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and format of our participation will be taken after the announcement of the conditions," added Polyus.
ALROSA may participate in the auction, but the decision was made by the Russian government, sources said.
The Russian GV Gold and Canadian Kinross, which is developing assets on Chukotka, have announced the possibility of taking part in the participation in the development of Suresh Log, according to Kommersant, which is not an asset.
The head of the Union of Gold Industry of Russia, Sergei Kashuba, in December 2015, estimated the investment in Sukhoi Log at $2.5-4 billion.
The majority of potential applicants will not only get away with the volume of investments, but also the complexity of the project: there is a need for a serious exploration of reserves and a technology of working with complex ores, explains the interlocutors in the industry.
On the pension market, the largest deal M & A - "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" - has launched the process of combining the four NSPs.
As a result, the NPF will be created on the basis of the "Pension Fund Pension Fund" with a volume of savings of around 373 billion roubles.
About the launch of the procedure of merging the four pension funds - "KIT Finance," "PromAgrfund," "Heritage" and "Pension fund of Pension Funds" - yesterday informed the owner of 100% of the funds of "KIT Finance Pension Administrator."
"Reorganization is carried out in agreement with the Central Bank in compliance with the requirements of non-worsening of conditions of operating contracts," the company said in a statement.
The association is held on the basis of the Pension Fund Pension Fund.
As the general director of the NPF Oleg Byalashitsky notes, the association of funds allows to solve several tasks: expanding the geography of the presence, concentrating resources for development, development of, the reduction of costs, replicating the best practices of each of the foundations, of the funds and optimizing corporate governance.
According to him, the estimated deadline for completion of consolidation is the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the association of the NPF "Pension Fund Pension Fund" will be the largest player in the OTC market.
According to data on March 31, the volume of pension savings of the combined funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
As follows from the reports on the website of funds, the beneficiaries of their owner - "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" - are currently Anatoly Gavrilenko (through the Subsidiary Ltd owns 65%) and the NPF "Gazfund" (35%).
However, the group itself launched much later competitors.
For example, the control group of O1 NPF "Atlas" absorbed "Stalfund" as early as this year.
Currently, this joint NPF joins Uralsib and Russian Standard funds.
"Integration into a single structure, apart from cutting costs, is necessary to solve structural problems," said Nikolai Sidorov, Director General of the NPF "Dialogue."
Active work on consolidation of funds from April goes to the pension group "Safmar" - SPF "European," "Economics and Science" and "Fund" should join the NPF "Safmar" before the end of the current year.
In 2017, the NPF "Trust" will be joined by them.
"The association of funds will give effect to increased control over risks, operational processes and expenses," noted the pension group Safmar. "
A pause in the association of funds, which the "KIT Finance Administrator" withstood, could be due to several reasons, experts indicate.
Until recently, the NPF could not buy more than 40% of the volume of issuance of infrastructure bonds, which the group was actively placing.
Following the amendments to the regulation of the Central Bank in March of this year by a number of issuers corresponding to the requirements of the regulator, such restrictions no longer exist.
If necessary, the entire issue can be bought by one major player, "says the director of the group of ratings of financial institutions of the AKRA, Yuri Nogin.
Several leaders of the NPF from the top 15, another possible reason for the pause, call the division of spheres of influence and, as a result, the personnel appointments in a single fund, which were to agree on the owners of the group.
Yesterday, Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
The NPF's inquiry into the NPF also did not respond to the request of.
Although the consolidation of funds is a labor-intensive and cheap event, this decision will be justified in a long distance.
As the general director of the consulting company "Pension Partner" Sergei Owhekhov notes, "Pension fund of Pension Fund Pension accumulates fewer stamps" is less outflow, the joining will allow to stabilize the base of other funds of the group.
At the same time, a more successful experience of the NPF "KIT Finance" and "Promagrofund" in the construction of retail sales of OTC, as well as the use of more modern software, will be demanded.
The requirements of the Central Bank to the processes and frame of the NPF are constantly growing, therefore, to duplicate the infrastructure on four funds at a single investment policy is inappropriate, believes the managing director of corporate ratings "Expert RA" Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of the reduction of the overlapping functions is unambiguously overestimating the possible costs of unification," Mr Mitrofanov said.
The costs for the unification of the four funds, Sergei Owhekhov, estimate at 30-50 million rubles.
"The expenses for the maintenance of four funds of such dimensions amount to around 400 million roubles per year, with consolidation in the medium term, the budget is actually halved," Mr Ocharov assured.
"Pete and his dragon" film has turned out to be a Russian hire.
The beautiful views of New Zealand, the illustrious dragon, the soul-wrenching history and the country-style songs are enough to once again believe in old-fashioned magic, says Yelena KRAAVUN according to Eleh Kwan.
The terrified baby dragon was picked up by a dragon, who became a human child and a tender nurse, and a devoted friend.
Pete calls his boyfriend Elliot, in honor of a puppy book of fairy tales, plays catch-up with him and falls asleep in the bud.
Six years later, he, exhausted and in a worn-out dressing room, no longer distinguish himself from another seeded forest weed - Mowgli.
In this way, Pete discovers a lynching female herger Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while the Wine Brigade (Carl Urban), her husband's brother, is aggressively lumping the forest.
Now she will have to not only believe in the existence of the dragon, but also help to save him.
It takes an accelerated course of "to be a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear cowboy shirts, the moral code in the heart and smile is more dazzling than any advertisement.
No character looks and does not act too terribly, so that the viewer will actually start to hate him or be afraid.
Even the guilt that opened the hunt for the inviolable inhabitant of the subservient powers to him of the forest's power, is far to the greatest extent possible.
The huge furry dragon, too, has turned out to be not at all scary, with a good mound of bulldozing, an airliner overhead, the airliners wing, and the ability to become invisible.
The dragon is funny, murmuring, even grumbling and, fortunately, does not say, but it is all the time that he wants to make a stir,, it is very different from all the famous cinematic dramas.
The visual image of Elliott and his manner of holding holds such a high degree of emotional involvement that, in the most intense moments, they begin desperately to dig into three streams of not only small spectators but adults as well.
A remarkably good and low-aged Oaks Figley in the role of Pete, who is torn between a possible family and a true friend.
And Robert Redford masterfully issues a canonical grandfather who would be delighted to have literally every child.
How did the director, David Lowry, manage to shoot a fantastically iconic remake-forgotten Disney movie "from the 1977 film, The Dragon Pit, mediocre from his nose to the tip of the tail, and only a mix of animation and film, and make it this him the most animated film of the summer?
No other way the miracle helped.
In his picture, Laurie from the original, in fact, took only two things: the Pit and the Dragon orphan.
There were musical numbers behind the board and most of the odd jokes.
In this good tale, the features borrowed from Bembby, Alien, "" alien "and many other cute hearts of children's paintings are read.
The Disney studio continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality remakes of the 21st century.
Of course, "Pit and Dragon" is not as delightfully beautiful as the "Book of the Jungle," and there is no artificial villain in it, which is what Kate Blanchfeau played in the new "Cinderella."
But this naive film is no less successful in believing in miracles and good in the best Disney traditions.
By the way, the keys to Disney's magic castle director Lauri will receive once more - for an artistic film adaptation of the "Peter Keane" story.
"Pete and his dragon," the tandem, David Lowrie and Toby Tobi, have entered into a new ambitious project about the never-ending so-distant boy, James Barry, on the same story.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov will face a new indictment
Lawyers for RBC journalist Aleksandr Sokolov, who was involved in organizing the activities of the extremist organization, said the prosecutor's office found the case to be under-represented.
We learned from investigators literally yesterday that the prosecutor's office had rendered such representation.
We were scheduled to attend a court hearing on the restriction of the criminal case, but the session did not take place, and the investigators reported to us by the views of the prosecutor's office, "cites RBC lawyer Olga Dinze.
She said the prosecutor's office had directed investigators to determine the qualifications of the case and the materials collected.
Now investigators will have to fix gaps in the penal base and make Alexander Sokolov a new accusation.
Either a different article of the Criminal Code (Criminal Code) will appear or it will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, Mrs Dainze clarifies.
As reported by Kommersant, Aleksandr Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June of this year, it was reported that the investigation excluded RBC journalist's statements about "cracking down on the political situation towards instability" and "the overthrow of power in an illegal way."
The correspondent ALKESANDA ALEXBERDER of the "Tianjin Shipport" ALKSANANDA MULABBELT lived the life of an Olympian in the Olympic village, inspected the home of the Russian team, had lunch in the local dining room and even surrendered after that WADA test.
It seems that life does not sit down for a second.
Even at night.
The latest starts sometimes end at midnight, after which the athlete needs another hour and a half to two to return to the Olympic Village.
In addition, there is no stopping and eviction from the village, as some athletes finish their performances and leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, only come here.
And at 7: 30 in the morning, the heads of all Olympic delegations are being dragged into one of the temporary tents.
At these meetings, we usually discuss some operational everyday issues, says the head of the sports delegation of the Olympic team of Russia, Igor Kazimirov, - Although the house where our, considered to be, exemplary - it was brought into operation by one of the first and was shown to all the problems.
That is the hot water problem, then, sorry, with the toilet seats.
We fought for the clean up for a long time.
At first, no one had ever come clean.
Then they started to come clears, but they only spit some substance on the floor, and everything.
They have, you see, some innovative floors.
They cannot be washed in human beings.
We know these floors - the laminate is common!
In general, we have achieved a change in the cleaning company and now everything is OK.
The Olympic village is such a Southern Botovo, a sleeping area enclosed on one side by mountains, with the other - formidable mouths, places filled with water.
Well and for reliability there is still around the perimeter of the two-meter iron fence, along which cars are being driven.
In total, the village can accommodate up to 17 thousand people in 3604 apartments located in 31 houses.
On one of the 18-storey buildings there is a huge Russian flag - this house is completely given to the needs of our national team.
Looking at a small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately determine which problems are probably the most pressing issues for the domestic team.
There are two ads at the front desk there of the reception: the printed "Please, don't throw paper to the toilet!" and from the hand "To the gift of icons.
The desk itself is filled with stuck in the beech.
Their weight-bearing blossom contrasts with the pamphlets: "memory on infectious diseases for traveling in Rio de Janeiro," "First aid in drowning, inhomogenation of foreign bodies, heat shock, fractures and bleeding."
The text is generally encouraging.
For example, "The infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent treatment.
However, not everyone expects a favorable outcome.
Of course, the Russian national team has a medical center, which is ready to provide assistance to residents at home, including a relaxing and sporty massage.
In front of the medical center, the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door is an inspiring poster "Despite nothing, we will win!"
And, of course, the verses:
All arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who fear.
Let less of us, the sweeter the taste of victories, Russia will not give up, will not break!
And for an even more uplifting spirit hangs the announcement: "dear brothers and sisters!
According to the blessing of the Holiness Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Kirill, a spiritual concern about athletes of the Olympic team of Russia is carried out by Andrei Alekseev, the leader of the Russian team.
You can order molecule and other items on the phone...
In general, there is a centre of meditation and religious ceremonies for representatives of all confessions on the territory of the village.
Well, the Russians, it turns out, are in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with the loading of the lift from the ninth floor to the fourth I decided to climb the ladder, which was recommended to be used during the fire.
And in the dark, they stumbled over the bodies lying on it.
It appears that these were sleeping bags of a new cleaning company.
I believe that, at any moment, at any moment, to rush to the wash of innovative floors they decided to give themselves a quiet hour directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor I was greeted with a long-standing acquaintance - Vitaliy Fedorovich Dubko, trainer of our batsmen who led them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He with a pupil, European champion, Jana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show his rooms.
I don't have much to complain about, - he shares his impressions of the coach of Russia - The living room two, the beds, of course, almost double-sided, but that's uncritical.
The bathroom is one for four, but on the other hand it is spacious.
The closet, of course, is funny, of fabric, trust does not cause, but things can be put.
"Not, well, you come back, the tea is over," says Svetlana Kuznetsova, the tennis player, who I met in the main dining room.
The main it is called at least because it represents a space of 2.7 thousand square meters and is ready to accept simultaneously 5 thousand visitors.
Here they give up to 60 thousand portions a day for free.
The menu options include: "best of Brazil," "Kitchen of the World," "Asian dishes" and "Pizza, pasta."
The latter option, as I have looked at, is very popular with our volleyball players.
In that case, say, soups I didn't find in any of the units of the giant restaurant.
What kind of soup? - is Kuznetsov surprised?
It's a good thing that I was captured by a Chinese, one with me by the.
And tea.
But in general, to make you understand, we have even worse food at the roots.
Here anything can be chosen, despite the unbearable monotony.
I personally chose the cod on the pair and the fridges in the tomato sauce.
Next to each dish there is a sign with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as indicating the food value of the product and the presence of allergens.
Well, and quite frankly, it was edible.
Don't even understand why the queue is it's worth it all at McDonald's.
Tired, relaxed, you can say "warm" athletes at the exit of the restaurant give our best friends - representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
It's a to catch up - the quiz, the winner of which gets a t-shirt.
Provoke, you can say!
To receive a gift, one must answer at least eight questions out of ten.
There are questions in Russian! - they attacked me from WADA.
But not on that the attack.
That is, I am in a patriotic impulse, naturally.
The situation has worsened already on the second question: "if I received a notification of passing the doping control, should I immediately go to a of doping control?"
I stopped by the option B: "no - I have one hour."
I've lost, so to speak, vigilance.
Forgot that WADA regrets not having to wait.
In general, it is necessary to be immediately.
Well, in the seventh stage of the quiz, my position became quite critical.
I have thought for some reason that if I find it difficult to keep a balanced diet due to my tight schedule (and, by the way, it's hard!), then I can use biosupplements to get "extra nutrients to increase my productivity."
No, do not allow it!
To be more precise, the answer is formulated in a way that categorically does not prohibit, but strongly, in several sentences bouncing off.
Honestly, this is WADA!
Well, what are the cases, Russia? - the leading quiz is being questioned.
To recap, there is no place behind Efimov, Isinbayeva, and all our exhausted team.
That's why I was focused on the latter, and I won't be able to win a miserable t-shirt.
Know, as they say, ours!
In an upbeat mood, I went to the gym in the ventured into a neighborhood fitness center.
Became interested in the calculation of simulators.
Was reduced to 250.
He noted with amazement that no Russian athlete was found in this pile of cross-roads.
But maybe it is right?
Let the one who does not play can be trained!
And there was one guy sitting in the front of the polyclinic.
In line to the kitchen.
Don't worry, no shooter.
In the polyclinic, however, as well as throughout the village, which is no good, there is an apparatus for issuing condoms.
There is an inspiring message on it: "celebrate with your home!"
Further, it remains only to roll the glove, resembling a door lock, and a condom made from high-quality latex latex foam, with a readily available device.
I took one, to my memory.
They won't take away from the athletes - they got their 450 thousand.
For the festive and festive time, there is an entire entertainment centre in the Olympic village.
Next to him, a cognitive plaque stands beside in the way, which reminds us reminding us that the International Olympic Committee spends $3.25 million on athletes a day.
The centre is flooded with video games, billiard and tennis tables, table football and jam and some strange devices like video games.
This is what it is? - I am interested in Igor in the form of a Ukrainian national team, who is actively using a the odd toy.
It could, of course, just say that he doesn't want to talk to a man in the form of a Russian team, and everything.
Here, by the way, by some strange coincidence of circumstances in the eyes is broken from the guys in the jog-blitz.
The most playable team, it turns out.
It takes no less than three hours to get around the entire village, taking it into every corner of it.
But, if it is walking rather than riding electric cars, you will also discover the home of the Canadian national team with salmon at the entrance and a restorative bath, and the ticket office, and a laundry room, and a bank, and a dock office, and a photo kiosk.
And late in the evening you, being exhausted, take the oath of office near the olive tree, which is covered with colored tapes to commemorate the world of friends and relatives of the athletes.
And you will be under the accompaniment of a machine, a randomly sprayed liquid to moderate insects, to think about the eternal.
That is to say about the Olympic movement.
Which in this village does not stop for a moment.
While the rest of the Russian world breathed their breath as Australians almost punished the American Dream Team, real fans went online.
Few people know: the news that Inna Derglazova won gold in the XXXI Olympic Games, I got the first.
Maybe I am even the only Muscovite who has seen it happen - not counting the ones, of course, who watched the Carioca competitions in that in the evening.
This can only be understood by a real fan.
Here's a picture of Moscow night.
Neighbors from below - as always to the hour of the night - wake up and start brazenly, but very loudly shouting at each other.
And threatening to move furniture.
There is a tap on the kitchen - there is no time to go to the market and buy, as the plumber has asked, new.
On the television schedule, nothing is clear, so it was just kept on the the control channels "Match," "First" and in every case "Russia" - although it is almost meaningless.
"Russia" is the birthplace of repetitions, all sport there for some reason.
There are gigs in live broadcast.
Hope, of course, on "The Hours" - the whole evening the young man shouted in news releases first about the great semi-final Derigzov-Shanayeva, then about the upcoming fight for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, basketball is Australia-Australia.
I, incidentally, cannot say anything bad about this decision.
Australians were on an equal, the first half won.
Put in place the waiter of Americans' own greatness.
As a result, they lost, but as now, the basketball Olympic tournament will no longer be the same.
It's all good, but it's close to fighting with Di Franck, but on the screen without any changes.
In a light panic, channels begin to fade.
This feeling is the second time in a row.
OK, go deep into the cable.
None of the thematic "Matches" fencing.
And according to my feeling, the fight is about to begin.
The text and tweet broadcasts of some sports sites do not suit me.
Daily surfing gives an unexpected but brilliant result.
On the "First" website, it turns out that there is a direct technical broadcast of all competitions that take place at this point in time.
Clipping on fencing, get a fight for gold.
Deridolov is perfectly counterbalanced, goes ahead on points - and is clearly starting to pull over.
The Italian played almost the entire game.
Ours is one point ahead, for a little more than two seconds to.
Di Francisca is throwing at Derigzov, the retreating, the time is running out, the Italian is shooting.
Victory!
After a couple of seconds the Olympic messengers on the phone announce the fourth gold medal.
It comes out, I am the first to see it through my eyes.
Insane, faithful, involved.
The Spiritual Directorate of Muslims (DAM) of Tatarstan refuses to use Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday, the DUM Plenum obliged its imams to conduct the fifties only on Tatar in order to make the young Tatars "learn their mother tongue."
The administration says that this "in no way infringes" the rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
Some of Kazan's mosques complain that Tartar language is not understood by up to 60% of parishioners, among them foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
Imams fear that their attacks on Tatar "will not reach the entire audience."
Yesterday the Duma of the Republic of Tatarstan unanimously adopted a decision to carry out the Friday prayers in the mosques of the republic only in Tatar language.
As the Mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin stated, this should be an incentive for young Tatars to "learn their mother tongue."
"For those who say it is" hard, "in every big mosque we intend to organize Tatar language lessons absolutely free of charge," Mr. Samigullin promised.
He added that "the decision has already been put into effect" and today in all mosques of the proletariat "should be already in the Tatar language."
He recalled that the Tatarstan of Tatarstan publishes the journal "Shura" with typical preachers in Tatar language.
The philosopher, who is not good enough to speak Tatar, "can be thoroughly prepare for them."
The Duma of Tatarstan unites more than a thousand parishes in all municipalities of the republic.
According to the data of the Mufti, in areas of the fifties the spots, excavations are conducted exclusively in Tatar language.
At the same time, a predominantly Russian language was used in Kazan in a number of mosques.
In particular, as Mufti pointed out, this was practised in the Burnawake Mosque, Zakabana, and "Eniler."
However, Mr Mukhametshin stressed that the leadership is aiming to ensure that all students are fluent in both state languages of the republic, regardless of nationality.
"There is no question about the non-proliferation of Muslims," Mr. Mukhametshin said, explaining that the sermon itself "is not obligatory, the main part of the manure."
At the same time, the outline will continue to be read in Arabic, with lectures and lessons in Russian.
At the same time, Rafik Mukhammetshin told Kommersant that there was no serious threat to subjugate Tatar language from the mosques.
Besides Russian and Tatar other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, according to him, they are not used in preachers in the republic.
The decision of the DUM was actively supported by the executive committee of the World Congress of Tatars (GATT).
The head of the Executive Committee of the RT, Rinat Rinat Zakirov, told Kommersant: "mosques are an important part of our national life."
It would be sad if the Tatar language had gone out of the sphere.
He noted that the conduct of the sermons on the Tatar language is "the desire of the imams themselves," but in the executive committee, the BMI "considers it right."
The "silent" imams who carried out the procession in Russian are ready to execute the decision of the DUM, however, it is believed that the parishioners will have difficulty understanding the manuscript.
There are also Tatars and Russians walk to the.
Many do not understand the language.
They will certainly be rotten.
"It will have to be rebuilt," says the visit of the Burnevskaya Mosque, Farhat Magomedov.
According to him, the Russian language is closer even to many Tatars, because "Russian and in schools, and in kindergartens, on radio - everywhere initially."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue lessons and lectures in Russian, which are held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show a way out of this situation, "he concluded.
But about 60% of us do not know Tatar language.
These are Uzbeks, Tajiks and Azerbaijanis.
A lot goes to us foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"That's why we went into Russian for four years," says Vadim.
He believes that the Tatar language will "reach a narrower circle and do not reach the entire audience."
But we will be subject to the decision of the plenary.
Just the outcome of the sermon will be different.
But time will tell.
"For example, it will be easier for me, because Tatar language is my native," Gabdullah Galiullin concluded.
The former Director of the Federal Security Service was given a trial
The Prosecutor's Office of Moscow approved a criminal investigation into the investigation into the theft of budgetary funds allocated for the needs of the Federal Security Service of Russia.
The former head of the prison department, Aleksandr Reimer, and his deputy, who caused the damage to the amount of more than 2.7 billion rubles, will appear before the court.
The Metropolitan Prosecutor's Office is prosecuting the criminal case against the former Director of the Federal Security Service of Russia Alexander Reimer, his former deputy Nikolai Krivolapov, as well as the Director of the Federal Service for Information and Technical Support and Communications of the Federal Service for the Execution of Penalties (Federal Communications Commission) Victor Definitin.
Depending on the role and degree of involvement in crimes, they are charged by the SSU CCR in Moscow according to at 3 Article 285 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (abuse of official powers, grave consequences), Article 4 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation organized group, in a particularly large amount.
In addition, Krivoulapov is charged with 1-st-an article 1 gram of the RF Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (unlawful acquisition and possession of ammunition).
According to the SCR version, in 2010-2012, the above mentioned persons have stolen budgetary funds from the state treasury, allocated by the federal authorities allocated by the federal authorities Federal Security Service for providing the agency with electronic monitoring systems for persons, so called electronic pilots.
For the theft of budget money, members of the group developed a scheme according to which the subordinated company of under the supervision of the Federal Communications Commission, with which the relevant state contracts were concluded, produced technical controls and supervision, including "electronic bracelets," and implemented at prices inflated several times.
In spite of the fact that the federal agency did not have production equipment, buildings, facilities to accommodate the production facilities, which made it possible to create a the finished production cycle of "electronic bracelets," there were five state contracts for the amount of more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme, the accounts of the Samara branch of the Federal Bank turned out to be more than 2 billion roubles, of which 1.2 billion roubles were stolen.
According to the investigation, more than 140 million rubles of exposed funds have been received personally by Mr. Reimer in his office from one of the accomplices, a criminal case in relation to which a separate production has been allocated.
Nikolai Krivolapov, who was involved in machinations, was found to be of unknown origin to the of the for a patron at the reward pistol, which allowed him an additional charge.
According to the case, the volume of which amounted to the volume of the volumes, the Federal Security Service filed a lawsuit against the accused claimed a claim for damages in the amount of 2.7 billion roubles.
Footballer Hakana Shukur is suspected of involvement with Yanukovych being involved in a coup.
The Turkish authorities issued an arrest warrant for the former footballer and then a member of parliament, Khakana Shukur, and raided his family home.
The star of Turkish football of the 1990s - early 2000 attacker Hakán beginning of the 2000s, Hakan Shukur is wanted by the country's authorities in connection with a coup attempt last month.
Foreman, who ended a sports career in 2008, is accused of belonging to a "terrorist terrorist group."
It is about the Hizmet movement - a society linked to the well-known Turkish religious figure and oppositionist Fethullah Gülen.
It is his president, Erdogan, who is seen as an organizer of an attempted military coup that occurred on July 15.
Fethullah Gülen resides in the USA, Turkish authorities demand his extradition.
According to local media, an arrest warrant was issued for Hakana Shukur today, police have already raided two houses belonging to the former footballer's family.
According to the version of the investigation, the organization of Fethullah Gulen in addition to Hakan Shukur was also his father.
However, neither the former footballer nor his relatives appeared there.
Now he and his family reside in the USA.
As a footballer, Hakan Shukur defended the colours of several Turkish clubs and played for the national team.
He spent most of his career in Galatasarai. "
In the list of foreign clubs there are Italian "Torino," "Inter" and "Palermo," as well as English "Blackburn."
However, in none of them he spent more than one season.
Hakan Shukur still remains the most successful attacking team in Turkey: in his 112 matches for the national team and 51 scored the ball.
In 2013, Hakan Shukur left his deputy post due to a corruption investigation around the party of Yukos and his closest associates.
According to Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, at least 42 journalists were issued arrest warrants in Turkey on July 25.
They are accused of facilitating military coup and opposition to opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen, who lives in the U.S.
Given the gravity of the charges, media officers can wait for long prison terms - from ten years to several incremental conclusions.
Yegor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas for domestic films only.
"I would create a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which have cost 2-3 times less than on films of foreign production," he stated.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that Russian films find it difficult to compete for the viewer with major Hollywood tapes.
We have more than 100 paintings in our country each year, with an average of 20-25 tapes on the screen.
"And even they find it very difficult to compete with" transformers "and" Iron Man, "whose promotion is tempered by huge budgets," said the filmmaker.
Let us recall that the All-Russian youth educational forum "Youth Education Forum Tavrida began in Crimea on July 1.
Among participants are teachers of creative professions and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian fields from all over Russia and a number of countries of near and far abroad.
British women won Olympic gold in the academic branch in double
British Helen Glover and Hizer Bunning have won Olympic gold in the academic ensemble in the double.
Silver took the reins of Rebecca Skohn and Lake Beren, third place was taken by Anna Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen from Denmark.
RIA-Novosti - New general contractor promises to pass Zenit-Arena by December 26.
The new general contractor of the St. Petersburg stadium, which is to host matches of the 2017 Confederations Cup and the 2018 World Cup, is promising to the arena by Dec. 26, RIA Novosti reports referring to the head of the provisional committee of the Federation Council on preparations for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
"Today, together with the Minister of Sport of Russia, Vitaly Mutko, visited the construction site, with us was the general director General Director of Metrostroy Aleksandrov.
He said he would give up the stadium by December 26.
It is a serious Petersburg company, it never breaks the deadline.
With Vitaly Mutko, we were satisfied with what was seen and heard, "the agency quoted him as saying.
Previously, Vitaly Mutko arrived in St. Petersburg with the aim of inspecting the staging of the upcoming large-scale competitions.
Mr. Tulpanov also noted that the Sovfda Commission headed by him will continue to monitor the construction of the stadium and will regularly attend the construction site.
Let us recall that, yesterday it was revealed that Metrostroy company will complete construction of "Zenit-Arena," the contract cost will amount to around 5.4 bln rubles This same company won tenders for the improvement of territory around the stadium, the Intoring corporation Transstroy was the Engineering Corporation "was contract value is 2.4 billion roubles.
Two more companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
For more details on the selection of the new general contractor, read the material "The" Metrostroy "was put on the field."
In Miass (the Chelyabinsk region), a lawyer for the former vice governor, Nikolai Sandakov, was detained.
As Kommersant-South Urals reported, another lawyer for Yukos - Sergei Kolosovsky, Konstantin Akulich today summoned to the investigative department of the Ministry of Defense of the Miass to charge a one-year investigation into the beating of beatings.
At that time Konstantin Akunova was traveling to the place of the accident as a lawyer for the assistance of one of his members.
"Initially it was initiated against unidentified persons, as it began to defend Nikolai Sandakov, it turned out that it was Akumov," Sergei Kolosovsky believes.
Konstantin Akumenko became the lawyer of the ex-deputy governor in early August.
At the same time, a half an hour before the lawyer's call in the SKR Miass sided with the defence of the accused that on Monday the deadline for familiarization with the materials of the fraud case in which Nikolai Sandakov is accused expires.
Let us recall that two criminal cases were brought against Nikolai Sandakov.
Within the framework of the first (case of fraud) he is charged with a promise of 1.5 mln. roubles to facilitate appointment to the post of the mayor of Magnitogorsk head of the administration of Ozersk Yevgeny Tarasova.
The second criminal case concerns the bribe, which Nikolai Sandakov allegedly received from the director of the Pton "Pton" Chargina in the form of illegal free-of-charge provision of property services in the amount of not less than 1.3 mln. roubles.
Read more about the case of Mr Sandakov, read in the "Former Vice Governor" material "" The Former Vice Governor requires the union of his cases. "
The Russian copper company (RMS) is ready to take on social responsibility and more attention to the ecological aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, by the fact that RMC undertook to took over the modernization of one of the oldest and ecologically "dirty" enterprises in the country - the Karabagh copper-melting plant.
The Garabagh copper-smelting plant was founded by the English joint-stock company, headed by Leslie Urquart in 1910.
In Soviet times, this was a significant industrial enterprise for the country, and it actually ensured the life of the whole city.
However, in the 1990s, due to financial problems, production was stopped, causing serious social problems in Bangladesh the Middle East.
In 1998, a decision was made to resume the work of the Karakar copper-smelting plant.
It was also necessary to solve one of the main problems of the Karabagh plant - ecological.
By the early 2000s, it was already notorious as an ecological disaster zone.
The situation on Karabulskii began to change in 2004, after the enterprise became under the management of the Russian copper company.
The company began to carry out the modernization of production, which began to reduce the environmental burden on the environment.
This was recently noted by the governor of the Chelyabinsk region, Boris Dubskii, who was visiting Karabalcopper in the first of July.
The head of the Southern Urals named the grandiose changes that have taken place with the enterprise since "Karabalcopper" went to the group of the RMC.
The main activity on modernization of "Karabalskaja" in recent years was the construction of a new sulphur-acid shop, which allows to capture up to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the president of the Russian copper company Vsevolod Levin, the investment in this project amounted to around 7 billion roubles.
The next stage of modernization of JSC "Karabalcopper" is the reconstruction of the converter conversion.
The replacement of three converters, pollinators, gas transport routes is planned for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project is 2.5 billion roubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016, it is planned to launch a new industrial wastewater treatment plant worth 1 billion roubles.
In turn, the amount of taxes allocated to the budget of the city of Hirsch will also rise.
For the entire period of the project's implementation, from the beginning of the start of construction and before commissioning of the second stage - the, the project will receive 8.9 billion roubles.
And after commissioning of the GCRC, taxes on budgets of all levels could amount to 80.9 billion roubles.
During the year of production in the Varna district, 346.3 mln. roubles were transferred to the budgets of different levels.
And that's the first year.
"The longer the enterprise works successfully, the amount of deductions may be greater," added Valeriy Ulanovsky.
The RMC clarified that in 2015 tax payments from Mikheevski GOK approached 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of RMC enterprises in the life and development of their territories is not limited to tax deductions.
RMC enterprises help repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, build cultural and entertainment facilities, and promote the well-being.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian copper company in Cherošsha became an overhaul, and in fact, almost complete reorganization of the kindergarten N9 on 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, it was built in an emergency condition.
Also on the territory of "RMC Arena" there will be a landscaped park with an artificial pond, underground and underground parking places for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
"RMC Arena" will allow entertaining professional sporting events of the international level.
But the main task of this project is to make physical training and sports activities accessible to residents of Chelyabinsk, especially for children.
Place in the first row on the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Find out more about the history of the Central Library in the business district, as long as the Architects' Society / Branch in Southern California is holding an art exhibition with Harold Schwartzman and Stephen Guy, the authors of the new book, "The Central Library of Los Angeles: a History of Its Art and Architecture."
Gov and Schwarzman gather are set to discuss and share the images of the 1926 design of Bertrand Gudhue, as well as the drawings and additions of the 1993 edition of Hardy Holtzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon runs from 2 days to 4 August on the 21st of August at Bourne in the style of Art Deco Southwest Law School (formerly Bullets Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can walk around the central hall, the rooms of certain periods, the Kaktuusz living room and the Tea Room.
Provisional tickets are required; SAH / SCC members are $15; non-members are $25.
Open, industrial loft in FMLA receives a cosy new look
Celebrate the 90th birthday of the Los Angeles Central Library with - what else?
Staff at the Sandhill refugee centre in Denmark have suggested that teenagers in it are engaged in prostitution.
This was reported on Thursday, August 11, reports The Local.
According to him, some teenagers told employees of the institution that "someone in Copenhagen organizes prostitution classes."
As the publication notes, the doubts of the shelter workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenska spoke about similar stories in Malmö.
In 2015, a crisis erupted in the European Union due to the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed more than 20,000 of them on its territory.
On the shores of the Cape Cod (USA) has caught a rare blue lobster.
A man has found a sink among others trapped in his underwater trap, reports ABC News.
The American plans to transfer it to the local Oceanarium.
Lobster weighs around a pound.
It is noted that Wayne Nickelson has been practising lobsters for the past 35 years.
According to his wife, the blue lobster was not hit for the first time in his career in 1990.
According to ABC News, the cruisers acquire blue or blue coloring as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016, it was revealed that the fishermen had set off on the shores of Japan a copy of the rare species of deep-water sharks Megachasma Mesozos (the of the ovarian shark).
The fifth-grade animal weighs around a ton.
The military Black Sea Fleet carried out the work on the anti-submarine missile defense in the Black Sea area.
The representative of the press service of the Ministry of Defense of the Ministry of Defense of the Navy, Igor Dygalo, told RIA Novosti about this.
The training was conducted within the framework of the first phase of exercise on special measures for the enforcement of the forces of the Navy.
"The servicemen of the anti-submarine subdivisions have worked out the anti-submarine missile defense of the base of the forces of the fleet on the coast and adjacent sea water area of the Black Sea," explained Dygalo.
Some 400 military personnel participated in the exercises, more than 10 units of combat equipment, including Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters, counter-attack boats "Grachok" and patrol speedboats "Rappator."
In the course of manoeuvres, the strength of the battleship ships with the use of hydroacoustic means found suspended diversionary groups and reflected the attack of "underwater saboteurs" by the sea on the point of basing the forces of the CDF.
From a helicopter Ka-27 landed a landing squad that blocked and destroyed the divergent opponent's a contingent enemy of a contingent.
After that, Black Sea tractors came out into the sea to search for mines.
Dygalo stated that "the data of the exercises of the Black Sea Fleet are conducted in carried out in accordance with the planning and carrying out of the upcoming command-and-staff training" Caucasus-2016 "and the plan for the preparation of the the for the preparation of the Navy."
On July 18-30, Ukraine and the United States conducted joint military exercises of the Sea Breeze 2016 fleets on the Black Sea.
Around four thousand people from 16 countries took part in the conference.
More than 25 ships, boats and ships from the United States, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine were involved in the maritime component.
Court in Moscow region arrested father for murder of adoptive daughter: investigation and court: security forces: Lenta.ru
The Ozersk city court of Moscow region has sanctioned the arrest of Roman Chernikova, who was conscious of the murder of his six-year-old adopted daughter.
This was announced on Thursday, August 11, as reported by the agency of city news "Moscow," told a press-secretary of the court Nina Zhilkina.
"The court satisfied the application of the investigative authorities for the election to be suspended in the form of detention for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be placed under arrest until October 9.
On August 11, the Moscow region's SKR administration reported that adoptive parents and grandmother of a six-year-old girl were given confessions in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov was reported to have committed the murder of a child in one of April 2016 from a personal dislike of a relationship while at home in a state of alcohol intoxication.
Then with the aim of burning the child's body he burned it and scraped the remains together with his wife in a large square.
On the evening of August 9, at an interrogator's interrogation, the adoptive parents reported that a six-year-old drowned in a bathtub in April 2016.
For a long period of time, they managed to hide from all the disappearance of the girl, but in August, in August when guardianship authorities after they had come home, to visit them, they decided to tell everyone that the child was missing.
Parents stated that on August 6 of the year their adoptive daughter had left the territory of the site of the home where they lived family, and disappeared.
Pope Francis has shared the Vatican meal with refugees from Syria.
This was announced on Thursday, August 11, by the head of the Press Service of the Holy See Greg Burke, reports Trend News.
The migrants arrived at the invitation of pontiff from the Greek island of Lesbos.
The lunch took place in the Vatikan House of Saint Marves, where the personal apartments of Francis are located.
It is noted that two groups of Syrian refugees, who had visited Greece on April 16, were present at the meal.
Then on the way back to the Vatican he took on board his plane of 12 migrants, including 186 children.
In June, a second group of Syrians arrived.
The care of them took the Holy throne.
"Dad brought toys and gifts to children, they gave him his drawings and children, and adults were able to talk to pontiff about the early days of his life in Italy," Berk said.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migration crisis that broke out in Europe in 2015, "the biggest disaster since the Second World War."
Greece is one of the countries through which more migrants come to Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, in 2015 a total of 800,000 people have moved from Turkey to the islands belonging to Greece in the Aegean Sea.
At the same time, Lesbos became the main entry point for refugees on their way to the EU.
A total length of more than 40 kilometers was formed in Japan on the first day of short summer vacations.
On Thursday, August 11, reports the country's traffic information center, reports RIA Novosti.
For example, in the area of the prefecture of Topgi Prefecture, a road planner stretched to 43 kilometers, Kanagawa Prefecture is 33 kilometers away.
As the agency notes, trains are crowded in half, airline tickets to domestic destinations are fully purchased.
On August 11, 2016, the Day of Mountains is celebrated in Japan, and the holiday is officially considered a weekend.
After that many Japanese are sent to their home cities for several days.
A short vacation from Short leave of the Japanese will last until Tuesday next week, then a new peak of traffic congestion is expected.
In Japan, it is considered a bad tone to take full vacations.
According to the law, the subjects are supposed to rest 18 days a year in a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique of the chain of stores of luxury men's clothes and accessories is opened after renovation with a completely updated design and assortment, reported "Lent.ru" representative of the network.
Only natural materials were used in the design of the space - walnuts, brass, natural granite and tinted glass in the tone of the jacket, the representative of the conservatory said.
Multimedia screens balance on the edge between tradition and advanced technology.
In multi-brands, Moscow features Marol shirts, Serapian handbags and portfolio, designer jeans Gucci Jeans, Pendants and Tateoshima bracelets, Mohawk jackets and Gucci shoes.
In addition, the network serves as an exclusive distributor of the company for individual sewing of the men's costumes Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns mono-branded boutiques and wholesalers.
The French fashion house Louis Vuitton on September 17, 2016 will open a new boutique in Saint Petersburg.
It will replace the first home store opened in the city in 2007.
The new boutique will take place on Nevsky Prospect, told "Lenn.ru" a representative of the company.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, said President Louis Vuitton on the countries of Northern Europe, the Middle East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases using a hot-dip technique: in honor of the opening, a cliché with a view of St. Petersburg, which complements the client's initials.
At the end of the 19th century, he created baggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, Princess Turobetskaya and the Imperial family.
Currently produces clothing, shoes, accessories, decorations and watches, and resumed production of perfumes.
The company belongs to the international holding company LVMH.
The pensioner turned the buck into a "budget beach hut."
The users of the network laughed at the photos, on which the elderly man set out on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The photo was published on several entertainment portals, as well as in the group "My Taganka" on the social network "VKontakte," because many decided that the photo was taken on the Sea of Azov.
In the comments, "innovation" has been dubbed "budget squeeze" and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man for inventiveness and "laughing," and some drew attention to the fact that the man was seriously at risk for jumping out of being struck by a his cheek because he had set it back on the defensive.
However, one of the commenators on the portal Pikabu pointed out that the depth of the sea in the image cannot be judged on.
"First of all, we don't know what depth there is, the beach can be saturated with a sharp descent on a meter directly behind a staircase, and secondly, even if there is a depth meter, you can jump from a pair of meters," wrote a user under C0JLL AMBERZ
At the same time, the Italian edition of Vogue Today writes that a man with a man was spotted on a beach near Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed his hope that Anton Vainin as the new head of the administration of the head of state will contribute to its constructive work.
As RIA Novosti reports, the corresponding statement the Russian leader made at a meeting with Vaino and his predecessor - Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that Vaino's candidacy for the position of head of the presidential administration recommended Ivanov himself.
Putin praised the latter for his work.
On August 12, Putin removed Ivanov from his position as head of the administration of the head of state.
He took the post instead of him.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes have been banned from visiting local beaches in burkini - a special bathing suit for women, which completely closes the body from head to ankle.
This on Friday, August 12, reports ABC News.
Mayor of Rwanda David Bednard explained that such clothing "does not conform to the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not conform to hygiene and safety norms."
Also, according to him, clothing that emphasizes religious affiliation can cause violations of public order.
A penalty of 38 euros (about 42 dollars) was imposed for wearing a burkini a fine.
It is noted that the ban was introduced against the backdrop of the terrorist attacks, which were carried out on July 15 in Nice and on July 26 at the Church of Saint Etienne-du-Ruvre in the north of the country.
After his introduction, several women appealed to the court, saying the restrictions violate the right to freedom of religion.
The Blagoveshchensk city court (Amur region) sentenced the former head of the city of Alexander Migul, to nine years of the a colony of general regime.
This on Friday, August 12, is reported on the court's website.
Miguul was convicted of crimes under articles 286 ("Preventing the Powers"), 285.1 ("Non-Target spending of budget funds") and 285 ("Zloteating by Abuse of Attorney General") of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation established that the official in December of 2008 had provided his landmark land in the settlement of Mukhersk with violation of the established land law of the procedure.
In 2006, he illegally ordered the acquisition of a highway bridge across the Chiigri River, at an inflated cost without competitive procedures and the conclusion of a municipal contract, according to Interfax reports.
In addition, during the period from 2007 to 2010, Mikulla, in the interests of the interest of the commercial organization, changed the terms of payment for the contract of sale of the land plot, which was granted under for housing construction of the, and also freed the company from the the lease agreement.
As a result, the oblast's budget received more than 5 million rubles, and the city executed around 21 million rubles.
On August 4, it was revealed that the former city councilman, who was detained on suspicion of corruption and who had pushed for a deputy mandate, was not given the electoral lists for to participate in the State Duma elections and was removed from the election race.
Migul was detained in May 2015 on the territory of Lipetsk region and placed in a detention centre.
Before that he had been on an international wanted list since 2011.
Alexander Mikulla served as the mayor of Blagoveschensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied information about the release of the captive captured Taliban by the Russian helicopter.
Information about negotiations on Friday, August 12, in an interview with "Interfax" shared a special representative of the president of the RF for Afghanistan, director of the Second Department of Asia of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Zamir Sverdlov.
This information was not confirmed.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations are underway," said the labels stated.
On August 11, a source in diplomatic circles told the agency that the captives were released.
According to him, the former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
On August 4, information emerged that the departing Pakistani Mi-17 helicopter landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan due to technical problems.
Builders of the Crimean bridge have updated the Arabic anthem "I score a dump."
On YouTube channel "Crimean bridge" the clip "I score swapping" appeared.
This is a builder's song - the protagonist tells that the bridge will help "not lose touch with a huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about how to "score a dump."
Video from the Crimean bridge was put to music.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Howard - designer from the "Institute of Giprotrostrobridge - St. Petersburg," which developed the construction project.
He is not a professional musician.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Thailand accused the explosions at the resorts of local saboteurs.
The bombings on Thailand's resorts are "acts of local sabotage" and are not linked to the activities of international terrorists.
Of this, as reported by Reuters, the police of Thailand.
According to the police, they have not yet been able to find out whether they are linked to any of these explosions.
According to the main version, their organizers tried to disrupt the tourist season.
It is not excluded that there are cepreparations-Muslims from the south of the country behind the explosions.
Law enforcement agencies have already detained several people.
At the moment, four dead and several dozen wounded are known.
The Prime Minister of the prime minister, Prayuth Chan-ocha, ordered the adoption of additional security measures to prevent new explosions and to exclude possible casualties.
On the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, a series of explosions occurred.
The devices worked at police stations on the island of Phuket, in the cities of Surat Thani (the capital of the province of Samui) and Huakhin.
Another explosive device laid out on the beach was destroyed by the assailants.
A day earlier, on August 11, two explosions occurred in the resort town of Huakhin.
Bombs were in the pits from the plants and were put into action using a cell phone.
Among the affected are 10 foreign tourists, Russians are not among them.
The British jewelry house Graff introduced a new watch model, The Peacock Watch, made in the shape of a peacock pen, reports TMZ.
The body of the watch is decorated with glitter.
For this purpose, the jewelers used not only classical round stones, but also faculties, as well as trapezoidal diamonds of the, and cutting edges of an Emmerald cut edges.
These watches with the quartz mechanism and blue arrows of the characteristic Graff design are created in a single copy and presented in the Mercury boutique at the Four Seasons hotel.
The price for them does not apply to them.
Graff is a jeweler-watchhouse, founded in 1960 in London by Douglas Graff.
Produces jewelry with jewelry, mainly diamonds (including colored ones) and watches (since 2008).
The four-time winner of the British Royal Prize in International Trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years, Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, notably Pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Independent, and others.
Joan Rivers' "Rosette's new book, Harry Potter and the Beast, has become the UK's best selling book, reports The Daily Mail.
The novel overtook the popularity of "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the information of the publication, in the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga of the magician a total of 1,97.9 thousand copies were sold.
The book, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child ", brought £8.76 million pounds.
At the same time, Shakespeare's tragedy came in second place, with nearly 127.7 thousand books published by Penguin Classics since 1998.
The part of the saga about the magician from Hogwarts Harry Potter and the damned child came to light on July 31.
The play takes place 19 years after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the Gifts of Death."
On the same day in London, the premiere of the play took place at the Palace Theatre.
In Russia, the English-language version of the novel came on the heels of the "Moscow House of the Book" - the only official seller of the novel - on August 5.
All instances were sold per day.
In Russian, the new part of the saga will be out until the end of 2016.
Owners of messengers and postal services must identify users and delete prohibited information - such is the summary content of the bill developed by the Media and Communications Union (ISS), which unites the largest Russian telecom operators (there are "Vedomosti").
Three members of the union have confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
In the beginning of autumn it should be submitted to the working group under the leadership of First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, says the interlocutor of "Vedomosti" in the ISS.
This is about links to communications laws and media.
They provide that any "distribution organizer on the Internet providing an electronic messaging capability," is obliged to identify users on the basis of information contained in the communication operators "databases, prior to concluding agreements with them.
And "immediately block messages or publications that contain information circulated in violation of the requirements of Russian law."
Otherwise, the operators have the right to restrict access to the service of the Roskomnadzor solution.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious cosmic object behind Neptune.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious space object behind Neptune.
The celestial body is very thin, its diameter is around 200 kilometres, writes the New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving around completely uncharacteristic of the Solar System orbit.
It is almost perpendicular to other planets.
The mysterious find was named Frau, which, translated from Chinese, means "rebellious," "undetermined."
WSJ: the U.S. is considering imposing sanctions against the RF because of the hacking of the Democrats' servers.
U.S. officials are considering imposing new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking of Democratic Party servers, writes The Wall Street Journal with reference to sources.
It is reported that, for the introduction of sanctions, the administration of US President Barack Obama will have to be formally accuse US President Barack Obama of attacking servers to Russia or supported by Russian authorities of hackers.
According to sources, the FBI and other U.S. intelligence agencies are almost certain of Russia's involvement in the cyber attack.
Critics note that the US usually prefers not to mention those who carry out hacking attacks.
The exception is made in 2014 by the hacking of the Sony Entertainment Pictures database, which was officially blamed on the DPRK.
Last year, however, Obama issued a decree simplifying the imposition of sanctions on those who carry out or promote cyber attacks.
It was initially directed against China, but could also be used against other countries.
The process of making a decision on sanctions could be lengthy, writes the publication.
Even if officials came to the conclusion that hackers acted with Russia's support, before deciding to disclose the information they would have to weigh the possible consequences.
They are to be determined whether they are seriously ill-advised to exacerbate tensions in bilateral relations.
Earlier, it was reported that the administration of Barack Obama admits the possibility of sanctions against the state, whose hackers hacked into the servers of the Democratic Party's committee.
The WikiLeaks website has published an electronic correspondence to the Democrats' national committee of the.
The media reported that hackers working with Russian authorities could be involved in the hack.
In the Kremlin, such reports were called absurd.
The FAS fined Google almost half a billion roubles
The reason was a breach of competition in the mobile application market.
Antitrust proceedings were initiated on the initiative of Yandex.
The Russian company argued that Google is providing smartphone manufacturers with access to the Android components on conditions that encouraged would limit the pre-installation of applications from other developers, particularly from Yandex. "
FAS has found confirmation of these claims and has established, the company has abused the dominant position on the market and imposed on manufacturers of mobile devices the installation, together with the Google Play store of other applications.
According to the results of the audit, the Federal Antimonopoly Service made a decision to punish Google, reported the deputy head of the FAS, Alexey Destimko.
The penalty must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the decree.
The FAS concluded that the law on the protection of competition must be respected by all companies, including transnational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to first examine the decision and only then decide on the latest action: execute it or challenge it.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service recognized the company as a competition law violator as early as September of last year and ordered to adjust the contracts until December 18.
However, Google did not give this consent to Google.
Since then, the company and the agency have been conducting litigation.
The FAS noted that, despite the penalty, they are discussing with Google the possibility of concluding a world agreement.
This is not going to happen.
This opinion of "Ehu Moscow" was expressed by the leading analyst of Mobile Bulletin group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the penalty will not affect either the users or the competitiveness of the corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment and then robbed her for 84 thousand roubles.
The 30-year-old robber had managed to sell the stolen household equipment.
As told to the correspondent of "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of the regional department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia, on the eve to the police department of the Volzhskiy with a statement about the robbery a resident of the city-satellite addressed.
The man informed the law makers that the unknown had taken his apartment.
When the host tried to check his home, he found it completely empty: no washing machine, no television, no refrigerator, and the apartment itself.
The total amount of damages amounted to 84 thousand roubles.
Soon the guards of order came out on the trail of the thief.
They turned out to be a 30-year-old unemployed Volzhin.
The man was detained, he gave confessions, saying that the stolen property had already been sold.
Now he will have to answer for the theft across the strictness of the law - a criminal case has been opened against the detainee.
This year the Crimean will receive a notice on payment of the transport tax.
Now the residents of the peninsula will pay a tax on land, property and transport.
The head of the Directorate of the Federal Tax Service for RK Roman Nazedchev stated this at a press conference.
Until the end of 2016, the Crimean car owners will receive a notice on payment of the transport tax.
So far, there are around 250,000 people who possess motor vehicles.
The data on the taxpayer will be provided by the GSI, Rosregistry.
"If as of the first of January we will be given information about owners of real estate and owners of land plots, next year citizens of Crimea will be payers of data taxes" - stated Roman Nazdrychev.
Benefits for the payment of property taxes will be provided for preferential categories of citizens, above all this is a category of pensioners.
Also, according to the land tax there is a system of deduction depending on the preferential category of the taxpayer, but according to the head of the UFUNA, it is early to speak about it before 2017.
A resident of Balakhna stumbled behind a woman, licking her head to her abuser with a brick
According to the version of the investigation, on the night of June 16, 2016, in a garage on Glorious Street in Balakhne, the accused saw how the villagers, who he had him on the eve of the hotel, would quarrel with.
The man repeatedly insulted his civilian wife and then stabbed the woman on the shoulder and carried her home.
The intruder entered the woman and hit the victim on the head several times.
A 29-year-old man died on the spot.
The accused admitted partially.
For now (12 August 2016), this is all information.
The terrible accident occurred on the eve of the evening in the area of Kizil-Tash, the Crimean peninsula.
As reported by "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of the State Emergency Department of the Russian Ministry of Emergency Situations in the Volgograd region, at 17.05 on the R-29 "Sudak - Feodosiya" highway there was a bus with people in the cabin.
Suddenly the car rolled into a ditch and fell off a cliff.
Five people were injured in motor vehicle accident, another 20 were injured.
Those affected by the disaster on the emergency vehicles have developed medical facilities, where doctors provide them with necessary assistance.
Four residents of the Volgograd region were seriously injured in the vicious raid.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivukhina from Bangkok together with 9-year-old grandson Artemem, as well as 5-year-old Anastasia Bochkarev, who was taken to the regional hospital in the city of Simferopol - a girl is in serious condition.
When you call for emergency medical assistance, we hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and doctors will render all necessary medical assistance.
In what cases do you call an ambulance how quickly it should come to the patient?
In the event of an emergency medical emergency call, the nearest free emergency room ambulance or specialized brigade is called to call.
Time for emergency medical care is up to 20 minutes.
Time for emergency medical care is up to 2 hours.
Time for emergency medical assistance is not regulated by the death penalty.
OSCE observers have not recorded military activity on the border of Crimea.
Observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) have not registered military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is said in a statement posted on the organization's website.
Observers report that the situation on the border of Crimea is calm, incidents that may be somehow related to the safety of Ukraine and Russia have not been fixed.
"None of the observers were able to confirm media reports that touched on security issues, including shootings and military actions in close proximity to the administrative border," the OSCE report said.
Employees of the organization continue to monitor the situation at three crossing points at the border in the area of the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchka, Chaplinka and the Chongar peninsula in Sivash Bay.
Earlier in the Moscow Civil Service of Ukraine, it was reported that at the border of Crimea the rotation of Russian troops.
At the same time, according to the agency, the updated personal composition has more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation for the 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics show.
This is the highest rate in years (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October of last year, when a positive 0.2% was shown.
The average annual inflation measured by CPI over the past 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, that is, monthly inflation stood at 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 in comparison with December 2015) was -0.2%, and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July of 2015 amounted to -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, the increase was in price for the following consumer goods groups: food and soft drinks (1.7%); transportation (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices declined on clothes and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and regular maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month on alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing conditions, water, electricity, gas, and other fuels; communications systems; and education.
"Anim" effect is criticized as a caricature of Asians
Snapshot says the filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racial is racially flawed.
With the help of the "lens" tool, Snapshot allows approximately 150 million users a day to change reality and play with identity in ways that border the absurdity.
You can turn yourself into anus, a dog or a character in a picture of Roy Liechtenstein.
The lenses are coarse, sagging instruments, which create more than 30 million adjusted villages per day.
Any mistakes quickly become well-known.
Snapshot's lenses have been criticized in the past when they accused the app of touting the having advertised a dark complexion, or encouraged the whitewashed persons as an ideal of beauty.
So when some users were offered a lens this week that endowed their eyes with blue eyes, crooked teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics felt it was a racist caricature of Asians. "
And they wondered whether these repeated contradictions were indicative of the company's more serious problem.
On Wednesday, reports circulated and circulated in reports on The Verge and Dashboard, the next day after Snapshot claimed to have removed the feature.
The company commented: the lens was intended as a tribute to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asians.
But experts who know about racism are not heard, the lens recalled offensive stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected the anime comparison.
In an e-mail to Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweets about the photos were actively shared, said the lens was "offensive and at least awkward."
She added that "it is hard to argue with the comparison of the side by side with very coarse cartoons on Asians and the effects of the filter.
This shows that the filter is not just yellowish, but is highly impugingly in a higher degree yellowish.
Snapshot is not the only company to pass through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be engaged in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, ranging from corporate boardroom meetings to Hollywood and the devices we all carry with ourselves.
And a huge audience of young people in Snapshot - who are more racially diverse than their older generation - could mean that they are encouraged to be understood.
When one of Snapshot's lenses creates an image offensive to the user, then said in an interview on Thursday, 25-year-old Katie Zhu, "it's much more difficult to go unnoticed than it used to be."
On Thursday, Zhu, a product manager and an engineer who works for Eclipse, decided to delete his account in Snapshot and urged others to do the same.
In an article for Newsweek and in a telephone interview, she said she believed racial tensions were the cause of insufficient diversity when recruiting Sneakers in Snape's recruitment.
I have criticized the mostly white leadership of the company, which consists only of men, and ended up with an article by Reuters: <hash> DeleteSnapshots.
As Zhu, who is an American of Chinese origin herself, wrote: "they did not have enough non-white people who could make such decisions, or they employ non-white people, but they do not hold such positions on which they can be safely and openly spoken."
Other observers share her view, expressing outrage that Snapshot did not answer most of her questions.
The company does not publish information about the representation of national minorities in its state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapshot declined to discuss the racial origin of his staff, but according to a trusted person, the company recently hired a recruiter to target underrepresented layers of the population and on active attempts to involve domestic resources.
For her part, Zhu said she would keep her account in Snapshot closed, adding: "I wonder if they really need more users like us to be able to say they will not go."
Military leadership distorted intelligence about the on location, congressional commission reports
Officials from the U.S. Armed Forces Central Command altered intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than to give grounds for the event, a report by the from a congressional panel said Thursday.
An interim report from the Task Force, which was issued by the Senate Judiciary House of Representatives Committee on Armed Services, the Intelligence Committee and the Subcommittee on Military appropriations, found "widespread discontent" among intelligence service analysts of Central Command, who allege that executives were steering their assessments of American actions to win over the aimed at defeating the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CENTCOM, is the main military authority in the city of Tampa, Florida, which controls U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence documents approved by the supreme command of the Central Committee tended to give a more optimistic image of anti-terrorist actions of the USA than is confirmed by actual data from the scene of events, and were consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other intelligence agencies," stated the news release devoted to the report.
"What was going on in the Center is unacceptable: when a senior leadership is presented with an unreliable analysis, our military suffers," said House Speaker Ken Calvert, a California Republican.
The leadership problems at Centcoma reach the very top of the organization.
The 10-page report details the shortcomings that have consistently occurred in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at training Iraq's armed forces provided by the Central Command.
Although it does not contain definitive evidence that members of the Obama administration ordered the falsification of reports, he said the analysts felt that the leadership of the Central Committee encouraged them to represent a more optimistic view of the threat from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimony from Central Command were significantly more optimistic than actual events," the report said.
For example, the Central Committee official said publicly that a major military attack aimed at returning Mosul could begin as early as April or May of 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, this is known for certain," House Speaker Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the highest intelligence service of the U.S. Central Command forged reconnaissance documents from the command to downplay the threat from the Nazis in Iraq.
Republicans created an operational group when they learned that analysts had expressed concern that intelligence about the Islamic State had been falsified.
As the investigation progresses, more developed data will follow the report.
An additional, uncompleted investigation into the Central Committee's intelligence is being conducted by the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the House Intelligence Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives published their own data on Thursday, which agree with some of the conclusions of the Republican operative group.
"Between 2014 and 2015 CENTCOM has created an overly closed procedure for the production of intelligence assessments regarding the invasion and security forces of Iraq," said Adam B. Schiff, a representative of the Democratic Party in the committee, in a statement.
This procedure, according to Shibert, "stalled the release of intelligence documents," harmed the morale of analysts and "does not sufficiently reflect divergent views."
But Schiff and the Democrats claim to have found no evidence that the White House was trying to force the Central Committee's analysts to press their conclusions under "a coherent or political interpretation."
Preliminary results of the Congressional investigation were presented Tuesday by the portal The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of an investigation by the Pentagon's chief inspector general, following complaints from Central Committee analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the congressional report of the chief inspector general Congress as long as the Chief Inspector's investigation continues.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the special services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a healthy dialogue on these vital topics concerning national security."
The implications of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the Americans are reaching out to Iraq and Syria (as the more and more of the Ministry of Defense now claims increasingly).
But last year's statements make it claims force doubt on whether President Obama can rely on the Central Command to provide truthful assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis spots.
The Islamic State's intelligence criticism echoes the controversy that occurred more than a decade ago, when Centennial intelligence analyst Gregory Schumacher wrote a research paper alleging that the administration of President George W. Bush, because of the protest of many analysts, was in support of a small number of troops in Iraq and did not think about following the 2003 invasion.
Juncker also played a key role in the protest caused by intelligence on the Islamic State.
Last year, according to officials, the Jupiter team concluded that despite public statements on the contrary, air strikes on the oil-and-gas factories owned by the Islamic State did not cause a significant deterioration in the financial position of the terrorist group, because it had built temporary oil refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not widespread outside Central Command, as reported in the September issue of the Times.
The then commander of the Central Committee, General Lloyd J. Austin III, criticized last year after testimony in the Senate, which many MPs considered an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced by the Central Command of the Gen. Joseph L. Frankel.
The USA wins 4 times in the women's hockey match, thus close to a close fight with Britain
Having once scored three goals in a match that ended with a 6-1 victory over Japan, the Tigers opened an account on Thursday for the first two goals for the U.S. women USA Women's Ice Hockey team when the Americans beat the India team 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but the BAM, which is 27 years old, says it is not sure if it would ever have done something like that.
"The mind is not attached," she said.
I'm really not out of those people who keep track of their goals.
That's what she knows: the Americans score 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and they're competing for first place in their group with Britain, who remain unstoppable after losing to Japan by 2-0 on Thursday.
The UK and USA teams will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams claim the quarter finals and the outcome of the game will determine who will take the first place in their group of six teams, and who is the second.
The winner will avoid meeting with a strong team from Holland, the leaders of the other group, with a bit of rain when the quarter finals start.
However, the Saturday game shows that the Americans here made noise in their unexpected series, four years after they took last place among the 12 teams in the London games.
Bem was on that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first took the grass hockey stick when she was 3 (her older twin sisters played this sport in Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming her youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she did not qualify for the final round.
Then came 2012, when everything was not laced with her and her teammates.
The following year, Koeig Parsyukevich Coeig Partridge, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and things began to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, change in physical training," said Bem.
In London, we didn't have the kind of performance there is now.
We have completely changed our views.
Thursday night, the BMM opened an account in the first half of the game with an uncomfortable hand on a short distance.
India went to the game without a single win in the tournament, but the team showed surprisingly tough and kept score 1-0 until the end of the third period, when the BMM took the initiative into their own hands.
She made a long pass with the ball down on the left side of the field, then the spiral went into the middle and abruptly sent the ball to the gate, thereby giving the Americans an advantage in 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added a final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The win was the first on the tournament for U.S. goalie Jackie Briggs, who missed a single goal in each of his first three victories.
She's in shock.
Like the BEM.
"We're in a good position right now," stated Partizer, but how good it depends on the result of Saturday's game.
In the midst of the Olympic Games' exhaustion -, the "Zen" jumps on trampoline
Wherever you are, no matter what time it is, it's the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem unchanged and inevitable, a frantic mix of competition and aspiration.
Like an Olympic flame itself, there is a burning torch that passes from the archer to the swimmer, to the gymnast, to the triathlon.
You can't turn on a TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbors "conversation in a cafe and not hear about Simon Byrse, Katie Ledeki, or the enmity between Michael Phelps and Chad de Clover.
And there is Logan Dulli.
Dulles, who participated in the Olympic Games for the first time, the boy with pit bulls on his cheeks, could well be among those celebrities who show up in prime-time, promoted by sponsors and life-affirming commercials if he were a swimmer, a gymnast or even a fencer.
But the 28-year-old Daly from Lake Forrest in California is fighting for gold in the Olympic jumping competitions.
The Olympic flame does not cover all events equally.
Further from the center, partly in the shadows, are those sports that are not generally accepted: the shooting of a pneumatic pistol, the shooting of a bow, a badminton, tkhekwondo.
Brass will always be with us, long his reign.
But if I'm allowed to shy away from the defense of my personal addiction, let's draw your attention to the modest charm of trampling.
Although the trampoline has been an Olympic sport since 2000, when they debuted at the Sydney Games, over the past 16 years they have received so little recognition that many people in the world were not aware that they generally belong to Olympic sports.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to competitions, they never won medals in trampoline jumping, and their athletes did not go to the finals until 2012.
Chinese and Russians tend to divide male awards among themselves, and the Chinese and Canadians are female.
Dun Dun from China and Rosie McLennan from Canada will defend their London gold medals this year.
But the focus on the trampoline has an outsider charm, in particular, because the unenlightened ear is more associated with the circus college than with the Olympics.
Here I have to admit that I'm not an expert, but only a landed enthusiast.
There really is a comic potential in them - it's a caricature of endless jumps - but also a grace of gymnastics and jumping into the water, the two sports they mostly combine.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el francpoletto," meaning "springboard for jumping into the water."
Victory contenders jump on a giant trampoline, soaring into the air almost 30 feet, and have to perform a series of acrobatic tricks (turns, spurs and salto) until the final landing on foot.
They are judged by execution, difficulty and "flight time," according to the official programme of the Olympic Games.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic course is forward.
Medal applicants must go further, faster, higher and higher in pursuit of gold, sometimes to finish, and sometimes yawn and forward, back in the field.
They are aiming not only at the finish line or the defensive wall, but also in the sight of the television cameras, to another teaser: a world or an Olympic record.
This stubborn endeavor is noble, dignified, even fanatical - and it is enough to make the viewer blind.
But it is, in my opinion, somewhat weary when viewing the Games.
The trampoline gives a respite from him.
The direction of the trampoline is up.
Moving forward is not a goal.
He or she catches up, seems weightless like a stranger, like an astronaut, is flying up, then down, then no effort is up again.
And they are certainly not without competition or difficulty, but during the entire program there is no mad forgetting to finish, no jumping in length, only a wondrous, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
It is the closest to the Salzburg Olympic sport.
Women's qualifying competitions, and then the final will take place on Friday afternoon, broadcast at the Eastern European time, male - on Saturday, also in the hour.
NBC will broadcast the final on the day's programme starting at 14: 00 on both days.
In the midst of the Olympic madness, it is expected that a calm, beautiful moment can be easily explored in a shared landfill.
And if the growth of consciousness can only be achieved by putting male athletes in touch with the viewer - how, according to the Wall Street Journal, recently men-gymnasts from the United States have suggested, they will only wait for their new admiring crowd.
"A generation protests" in Ethiopia, a longtime U.S. ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia faced fierce opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say dozens of protesters were fatally injured during clashes with police.
Is Arafat really on the verge of a split?
For the last decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, an ally of the West with a fast growing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have shaken the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
Just last week, thousands of people took to the streets demanding radical political change.
According to human rights advocates, the government's response was brutal.
Eyewitnesses alleged that police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Video footage from protests, allegedly shot at the end of the past or earlier this year, shows how security officers beat young people with sticks when they put their hands against the wall.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is now calling for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country from decay, and it will continue to be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, head of the Horn Project in an international research group.
Ethiopia is Africa's second-most populous country after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
U.S. military and intelligence agencies work closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa receives such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is developing at an unprecedented rate.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is even a new suburban train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
And its streets tend to be peaceful, safe and clean.
However, the monarchy was hardly a model of democracy - human rights organizations constantly mention government repression - opposition on the territory of the state was suppressed, due to the fact that dissidents were actually silenced.
Many were exiled, imprisoned, killed or exiled to remote deserts.
But that may change.
"If people are constantly repressed and left with no other options than to protest, there will be an uprising," said Seymour Tishomme, lecturer at the University of Central Ethiopia.
All the young people are protesting.
A generation is protesting.
Complaints are numerous, ranging from fascism to the power grab by the government coalition.
After the widely criticised elections last year, the government party and its allies completely ousted the opposition and now control 100 percent of Parliament.
At the same time, tensions along the Eritrea border are growing; fighting for this uncertain, disputed border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Liberation Front or the Ogden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the unrest and rearm.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, several years in the depths of the soul, are flattening out now.
The first seemingly innocuous: smartphones.
It was only in the last couple of years that a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate in social networks as cheap smartphones have become commonplace and the internet service has become better.
Even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as is often the case, especially during protests, many people still find it possible to communicate via proxy servers that are where they are.
Several young Ethiopian officials said that this is how they organized themselves for the protests.
Second, there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, two of the largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Irrigation and Amhara are not natural allies.
For ages, Amhara from the predominantly Christian highlands of Ethiopia have flourished in politics and business, exploiting Oromo, many of whom are Muslims and living in low-lying areas.
But that is also changing.
"We will act together at a single start," said Mulatou Gemerich Mulata Gemechu, Oromo leader.
The largest protests took place in the areas of Amhara and Oromo.
Many of the Amhara and Oromo feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group, which represents about 6 percent of the population and that controls military and intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, served as Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years, until his death from an unknown illness in 2012.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could have foreseen the danger.
Analysts say he was particularly tempted to recognize the first signals of discontent and used intelligence to obtain data and defuse opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," stated Abdi, an analyst of conflict situations.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hayleemam Desalen, came out of nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from the region of gravy in northern Ethiopia, Hayleemam is a jean.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of security services controlled by surveillance.
Many fear that this will lead to even greater bloodshed.
The last time the rebels experienced such unrest was in 2005, after thousands of people protested against what the analysts said was an election that the government had set up had set up and then forged results.
During the ensuing repression, many Protestants were killed, albeit in smaller numbers compared to the last months, and this period of unrest was relatively fast.
Development experts commended Ethiopia's leaders for the far-sighted development of infrastructure, such as the new long-distance train and significant progress in the fight against poverty.
But it is clear that this has not stopped the growing domestic discontent with the government of Ethiopia.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a city in Amhara, attacked businesses belonging to the grail, and anti-apartheid hatred on social networks is becoming pervasive.
Analysts say the protesters are putting the United States and other allied allies in an uncomfortable position.
The American government used Hamas as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, though it recently announced that it had closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand it does not want its ally to lose power in an already unstable region.
"And on this strained rope, it will be difficult to pass," Abdi said.
Donald Trump explains his statement that ACORN was founded by Obama, "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump attempted to revive the latest conflict, gripping his campaign headquarters on Friday, claiming he was joking when several times this week declared that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "targets" of the Islamic state.
The clarification raised new questions about the ability of the presidential candidate to address the American people prudently.
It also put his opponents, who tried to defend him during the period of unrest, in an awkward position, as they had to explain statements he probably didn't have in mind.
Having put that assumption in the convention on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on his statement on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that the president and Clinton were gay.
But in a post on Twitter morning on Friday, Trump wrote that he was just a hedging.
This post was the direct opposite of the assertion made only a day earlier, when Trump stated in several interviews that he was absolutely serious about his accusation.
When radio host Pat Hewitt tried to help Trump soften the speech by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy the Democrats, the Republican presidential candidate did not seize the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when Trump tried to refocus his campaign on the economy amid declining ratings.
Trump and Clinton made competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again tried to return to the subject.
Once again resorting to Twitter, he warned that Clinton's plans would lead to an increase in taxes, and said that she was bored.
Trump has already used sarcasm as an excuse.
At the end of July, after he drew on himself with general criticism, practically suggesting the Russian should crack down on Clinton's e-mail, he later explained his comments, saying, "Of course I'm kidding."
This approach allows Trump to go beyond the limits of political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think this is his way of testing messages that resonate among his fans, watch how they act, and then" explain "them to one side or another, depending on the response," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who conducted the language analysis of both candidates.
But I also think he is cautious about his opinions and knows that they are vague enough to interpret them in different ways.
Rather than easing comments for a broad electorate, Trump has taken a more hawkish tone in recent days, while his rating continues to fall.
The new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll, published on Friday, showed that Trump is inferior to Clinton with a big outage in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and goes to Florida.
Although Trump usually tries not to apologize for provocative things that he says, he often accuses his critics of misinterpreting his words and misunderstanding his sense of humour.
But since Trump became an object of heightened scrutiny in the final months of the presidential campaign, his jokes put his staunch allies in an awkward position: they have to publicly support him, however provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York who is one of Trump's most prominent opponents, made a strong effort to defend the candidate in an interview given to CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political comment," Giuliani said when asked about the validity of Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton inherited the Islamic State.
It is true in the sense that before Obama was an almost unsympathetic organization, he called it a no-brainer, absolutely untrue, and that's why it all happened because he withdrew troops from Iraq.
Most average Republicans assure that the Obama administration, in which Clinton took over as Secretary of State, allowed the Lu to develop, as the situation in the Middle East has failed miserably.
Before the Pennsylvania rally on Friday, Trump continued in Twitter to attack the media for spreading every word and bias toward him.
He complained about "poor unhappy" television experts who try to solve him, and said: "they are weak!"
Some Democrats derided Trump's excuse as more proof that he is not a Republican.
Once ousted coffee shop returns to Greenpoint
The "Verb" coffee shop was scarred, taking only a cash place in Williamsberg, which did not have Wi-Fi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, she was forced out of her room with a shop window on Bedford Avenue.
The Soop Sheri store, which took place in the summer of 2014, is selling soap in the form of kickers.
Local residents mourned it as the latest loss in the city's upswing.
The artist Molly Crabapl wrote in Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but still I can't believe the CBGB is dead, Chelsea is destroyed, and" Verb "has now become a soap shop."
But although New York is constantly changing, it is in turn updated.
The revived "Verb" coffee shop opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original location.
The new "shipyard" has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but there are some same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
Coffee is still good.
At the head of the new "Verba" stands Sisko Rodrigues, a longtime employee of the old coffee shop who is the owner and general manager of the new facility.
He started working at "Believe" in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the clients offered to sponsor him at a new place, he said he would happily have gone to for it with joy.
Rodriger, who is 36 years old, has left in the former.
"Werb" works with the same distributor of Globales and bought the same model of the coffee machine.
It even contains chandeliers from the old "Verba."
But Rodriguez said he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu features sandwiches with bacon, eggs and cheese, and is available in the presence of pineapples or roasted onion.
There are dishes made of brown rice.
The coffee can no longer serve beer, but now they are preparing freshly squeezed juices.
Nine months later, Rodrigues said he drew attention to the steady stream of old loyal customers.
"Many of the former customers were also selling Williamsberg prices," he said.
In one recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Oliveira, 34, previously lived in Williamsburg and frequently visited "Verb."
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she still went there.
After the closure of Verba, she said she stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realised that it was coffee and the atmosphere that made me want to be like I was in" the right place, "she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, although the day instead of the usual e-coffee she ordered the bathing tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime client, has been visiting Verb since 2003.
He went before work and ordered the same thing.
"In the fifteen minutes of the eighth, every day, as per the clock, I came in coming and I was preparing my groom with butter and all the stuff," he said.
Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes on the menu.
Today, Rosenthal is still making a regular order, but someday it will change with the help of bacon, eggs or cheese on the ground with all the beginnings.
Rodrigues said he was not offended by the fact that the soap shop once took possession of the old place.
Moreover, the owners of "Soap Sheri" offered to make a special soap for "Verba," using coffee from coffee, prepared in a cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think we might be able to agree on their offer," said Rodriguez.
The permanent residents of the village of Polish origin also enjoyed this coffee.
One of these new clients translated the menu into Polish, and Rodrigez said he plans to find a place for him in showrooms so that his new neighbours feel welcome.
The new place has other benefits.
The local point for selling juices is planning to spill over bottles and sell coffee, prepared in a cold way.
There is a possibility that the coffee shop will join the neighbouring building.
For many customers, the new "Verb" will include their favourite dishes on the menu.
Joseph Whititt was a regular customer and shared that he was killed by grief when they closed.
When the coffee shop opened on its new location, Whitt said that when he went inside and ordered a cup of coffee, he felt like he had returned home.
"How long ago I wanted to feel this scent," he admitted.
Depressed food depression in a "thick meal"
In March 1933, shortly after stepping down as president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down in the Oval Office.
As a gourd, President Roosevelt liked Fifth Avenue's fashionable dishes, such as a fur-gore and meridian soup.
His menu on this day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato puree and dessert - pudding from worm.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who were suffering," said Jane Zigelman.
Her husband, Andrew Cooke, added: "it was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
Couples living in Brooklyn-Hayts are specialists in food history.
Cowa's latest book, "The Rogue in Chinese," was dedicated to Chinese cuisine in America, and Zigelman told the story of a life in an apartment in the Lower East Side via food in his book, "House of 97 on the Fruit Garden."
Their new "hearty meal" joint work, which will be published on Tuesday by Harper, is the story of American food in the Great Depression.
In a sense of their own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at Schoenberg's Coffee Shop, a tiny little snack in the Flårn quarter, which runs from 1929, the year of the Pig Crash.
Zigelman, 54, ordered cream cheese and sandwich with pieces of olives, and Kou, 57, took the turkey, potato puree and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered the meat roll, the pair considered this a fitting starting point for a discussion about food during the Depression.
"The rolls were in great demand," Zigelman said.
There was an archaic rulebook, a pebble pen, a barrel sleeve.
They were made from the main ingredient and cheap products that allowed the ingredient to be stretched out.
Imagine you ate as much peanuts as you need for dinner.
Coe got wet.
"He was probably lying in the stomach," he said.
In the years before the expansion, the American table, especially in rural areas, was a buffet.
Groups of women were prepared for male farm workers, and freshly baked cake served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War I., a "hearty meal" describing how the country was coping with what was suddenly a country of abundance.
"It was a time when food became a central, uncomfortable topic for Americans," Kou said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
In the same way, there was a new budget: mysterious dishes such as rolls and baked goods became staple foods; a snack is "a wonderful way to dispose of the pieces," Zigelman said, "because chefs could hide unappetizing ingredients under a layer of sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
The meat, for years the former foundation of American food, has become an economically distributed luxury.
People tried strange mixtures because the energy and nutritional value became more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
Doing research for a book that includes recipes, Zyelman prepared a dish of that era: baked onions stuffed with peanut butter.
"This addition to the dinner table was not successful," Mr Kou said.
Zigelman added: "it was very strange."
Peanut butter is completely unsuited to the ashes.
This was typical of many household recipes.
As never before and ever since, household specialists - including Louise Stanley, the head of the Federal Bureau of Household from 1923 to 1943 - managed the country's food habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become "budget contributors," to take up the challenge and to transform the storm like the proverbial spaghetti with fabric into delicious dishes.
"Hearty meal" is a feast of curious historical facts.
Especially the stories of the government's reaction to starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let eating the pies eat cakes."
Publicly haunted by the simple farming habit of the Iowa state of his childhood, he was fed up as a sophisticated millionaire who became.
"He liked continental cuisine, for example, fish with guinea sauce," he said.
He ate practically in the gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was fantastically detached from reality.
President Roosevelt could have made a similar mistake if his wife Eleanor had not advised him to set an example for his own stomach.
As the book says in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired an economist who was totally uninterested in the taste, and this led to the White House "not only eating the most rotten food in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting."
Many of the culinary receptions of the Depression era were forgotten as soon as the country was back on its feet.
Their legacy is our ongoing focus on religions and nutrition, says Zyelman, and on how science has been used in cooking.
The couple said that, at the time of writing, they had better understood the food habits of Zyelman's mother - that she could not throw food, for example.
"She was seriously afraid of a careless attitude towards food," Mr Kou said.
Zigelman recalls: "she is on full alert to poison people."
There was one unpleasant incident with profiteering.
When the plates in Vandenberg were lowered, they had a dessert with Kou got the a goat, prepared at home: a dessert dessert that President Roosevelt had eaten for lunch.
"It's called a mousse of ink," Zigelman said, adding that it was a common refrain - giving out modest formulas for the brothels names.
There were no whipped cream, only blueberries, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everything was stuffed with the neon plunged the spoon into a knitted, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was not good.
Coe has twice requested supplements.
In the voice of a confident drafter of the budget, he said to his wife, "A little bit of chopped walnuts didn't Greek skyscrapers did not stop here."
The arrest of figures of the case of mass shooting at Hovanka cemetery drama on the Hovang cemetery extended to November 14
The Crown Court upheld the cases of mass shooting on the Hovanka cemetery before the 14th of November, in accordance with the relevant application of the investigation.
14 people take part in the trial.
Let us recall that on May 14 at the Hovanka cemetery, which resulted in there was a mass fight occurred in of several hundred people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus using weapons that killed three people.
Former cemetery leader Yuriy Chabuyev and lawyer, co-founder of public organization "Healthy Nation" Aleksandr Boroknikov charged with organizing the murder.
The issue of the second-in 2016 indexation of pensions could be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on August 12 by Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation Olga Golečka during a visit to the Bryansk region.
We have specific options for how to raise pensions in order to reduce the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are made.
Now economists are summing up the results of the half-year and we will complete this work within the next two to three weeks, "Interfax quoted the head of Interfax as saying.
Commenting on the head of the Center for Strategic Development Alexey Kudrin, commenting on the proposal for raising the retirement age for half a year every year, the Deputy Prime Minister said that the issue is not considered in the Cabinet.
At the end of July, it became known that the Government agreed on a position on full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan took part in the final round of the small-caliber rifle competition.
Russian athletes Sergei Kamensky and Kirill Grigoryan went to the final round of the low-caliber rifle shooting from the position of lying in the Brazilian Olympic Games.
According to TASS, Sergei Kamensky scored 629 points and took the first place - a new Olympic record in qualification.
Kirill Grigoryan became the second - 628.9 bull.
There were eight best athletes in the final round.
Kamensky is a world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish opposition Fethullah Gülen demands an international investigation into the circumstances of the coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission investigate the coup attempt," the French newspaper Le Monde quoted Gulen as saying.
Also the Turkish oppositionist stated that "if any part of the accusations will be confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
However, Gülen denies any involvement in the coup, finding that his organization has never claimed political power.
The Istanbul court previously arrested the opposition Islamic preacher, Fethullah Gulen.
Let us recall that the attempted military coup occurred in Turkey on the night of the 15th of July.
Gilead will reimburse attorney fees during an argument for a dispute over a hepatitis C patent with the company Huawei
Gilead Laboratories Inc has the right to receive reimbursement for attorney fees it incurred in connection with a patent for a hepatitis C drug patent with a drug manufacturer Merck & Co Inc, a federal district judge has ruled.
In June, Gilead was freed from paying $200 million in damages for two Nortel patents related to Gilead's drug companies, sales leaders, Rawaldi and Ogoni, after a U.S. judge found a number of violations by on the part of the company, including lying under oath and other unethical acts.
In an appeal to the court on Thursday, the U.S. federal district court judge, Beta Lawson Freeman, said Gilead is entitled to reimburse costs incurred in the lawsuit.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case took place in 2013, when Gilead and Pfizer sued each other alleging their rights to laboratory work, which is based on the so-called active ingredient of Gilead drugs. "
The armed forces, created with the support of the US, claim to have seized full control of the Mandate of Maniac at the Islamic State
Armed forces created with the support of the U.S. seized full control of the northern city of Mangidge near the Turkish border after the last remaining militants in the city were left, a spokesman for the group said Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) are now lead the city after the departure of the remaining group of militants hiding in the city.
They freed more than 2,000 civilian hostages held by militants, reported Sharfan Darwish from the, an allied alliance with the CDU military council of the military council.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we are making clean-up operations," he told Reuters news agency.
Clinton earned 10.75 million dollars in 2015 and paid a 34.2 percent federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled her tax returns for 2015, which showed that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband had $10.75 million dollars in revenue this year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
Clinton received $1 million in charitable contributions in 2015, mostly to the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton received approximately $5.3 million in royalties for speeches, and the former Secretary of State claimed $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure in the State Department.
Clinton's potential vice president, U.S. Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, together with his wife, Anna Holton, made tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton's campaign adviser Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In contrast to them, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake atrocities and violating his past promises to disclose his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although the law does not require it.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers have called the State Tax Administration a reason for its refusal to disclose its tax returns.
"Your move," wrote Clinton's campaign adviser to Clinton, referring to the Democratic party's presidential nominee.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Cohen told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them before the end of the inspections.
Trump's critics, including Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans in 2012, said his rejection raises questions about his state, his philanthropic contributions, his business dealings, and other communications, including Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue and on Friday released an online video in which the top spot was won by prominent Republicans who urged Trump to disclose tax reports.
On Thursday she raised this issue during a speech on the economy in Uganda.
"He refuses to do what the presidential candidate has done without exception for dozens of years: to disclose his tax returns," she told the gathering.
The POLITICO newspaper reported that Trump paid no or almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a business columnist for the New York Times on Friday thanked many tax and accountants as saying "lawyers for consider it possible to do so that maybe things are the same today.
Federal tax rates have become a subject in the presidential election.
Clinton backed a rule named in honor of billionaire investor Warren Buffett, who would guarantee that people receiving more than $1 million a year would pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Memphis, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based there, suggested that Trump meet and exchange tax declarations.
Halliburton said he too is under the IRS, and that Trump is "scared" not of the agency's tax collection, but of voters.
Clinton's campaign headquarters unveiled tax returns until 2007.
Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
The Clintons' 2015 declaration showed that, unlike most Americans, there were salaries for $100 of their income.
Their core investment was a low-cost index fund, and the Clintons declared dividends and income from the capital of $109 000.
The additional report by Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oaks
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks enhance protection of tanzali elephants
Tanzania's environmental campaigners use an unconventional way to prevent elephants from breaking into localities - they throw condoms filled with chili powder.
The method proved effective, and the Patient Protection Foundation that came up with the idea several years ago, together with the American Committee for Nature Conservation took its promotion, teaching volunteers in northern Tanzania's villages to use non-violent, four-step methods to protect their homes and crops without hurting animals.
Previously, many used spears to protect themselves.
On Friday there will be a World Day of elephants dedicated to the protection of animals.
"Since we have invented a set of tools... we are seeing a change in attitudes within these communities, as a result of which they are much more confident that they will be able not to let elephants onto their fields without causing any damage," said the Executive Director of the Executive Yuan, Damian Bell.
The first two steps consist in burning the torch in front of the broken border of the elephant and filing signals with the help of horns.
If he cannot be they failed to scare him, they throw the so-called "chili cloud."
Chili powder, mixed with soil, is placed with a condom in crack on a condom, and its end is broken, but only the fuse remains outside.
When the condom is snorted, it breaks with a thunderbolt, spraying fine dust powder in the air.
One shower is usually enough to expand an elephant to another.
The extreme measure is a launcher that shoots the Roman candles into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey still has not returned 32 Turkish diplomats who fled the country after the coup attempt in July of this year.
Such data led the head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry, Mehlut Çavushoglu, in a conversation with local journalists.
In the first phase, we recalled the suspension of staff diplomats to continue working in the centre.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations have not returned, "said the head of the Turkish foreign policy department.
Let us recall that in July in Turkey there was an attempted coup.
The country's authorities officially declared the coup to have failed, and reported the detention of more than six thousand people, among them military personnel of the top and middle management.
As a result of the coup attempt, the Turkish MFA, according to the Turkish MFA Ministry of Foreign Affairs, was killed.
The Jewish director sharply criticized the Berlin hotel for removing Israel's telephone code at the "request" of Arabs - reported RT News Channel
The French director of Jewish origins has unleashed a scandal in the media, stressing that the Hotel Elisabeth Bristol in Berlin does not have on Israel's telephone code, with servants citing "requests" from Arab clients.
Claude Lanzman, author of a documentary on the Holocaust "The Shoah," expressed his dissatisfaction with the Hotel Elisabeth Bristol in Berlin, writing an open letter to the German news media DTZ.
During his recent visit to the hotel, Mr Lancman sought Lanzman tried to find Israel in the list of the list of telephone codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the states where you can call directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of new Germany, Israel is excluded and eliminated?
Wrote Lanzman.
In return, Abu Dhabi Bristol provides an opportunity to dial Israel through its own telephone service centre.
In search of an explanation, the director raised the issue at the hotel reception.
The answer he received there, according to Langman, "shocked him."
The clerk of the hotel said the measure was a "deliberate decision by the management of the hotel chain Carrefour."
The reason behind this move has caused even more anger from the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that Israel's code be removed," said Langman, a hotel clerk.
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Jakob Khadas-Gandlman, called the case a "terrible shame," the newspaper quoted deutensia.ru as saying Dagdeutsche Zeitung reports.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
It is, in fact, a terrible shame.
That this happened in Germany and precisely in this hotel network is an even greater shame.
There is no need for explanations here.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "the official said.
The case caused a stir on the internet; people called it a scandal.
Some have argued that the Coburg hotel simply "went over" the alleged demands of Arab clients.
"They would be knocked down," said another post, where it was pointed out that the hotel, located on the glorious Rue Oberstendamm, is next to the synagogue.
The hotel itself hastened to note any accusations that occurred "under review" and "settled" in front of Lanzman, reports the newspaper Der Spiegel.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel on the fast-track list," the spokesman for the Sofitel hotel, Hosdeutskaya Gazeta, quoted the representative of the hotel as saying.
She adds that the code has now added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters of Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The riots began when police officers attempted to rob students, which resulted in and police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their concern about the plans.
Under the proposals of the Governor of the State of Sao Paulo Gerardo Almazmin nearly 100 state secondary schools will be closed, and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some protesters could be seen writing graffiti on walls of graffiti directed against the temporarily Acting President acting president, Michael Temer.
This latest protest occurred just days after protesters took to the streets to support the ousted president, Dilma Rousseff, when the country's senate voted for its impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran has grown by 71% - reports RT Business portal
With the lifting of sanctions, trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the previous year, according to Russia's ambassador in Iran, Levan Jagaryan.
Since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, there has been an increase in interest from Russian firms in doing business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are renewing ties with Iran, and new firms are ready to gain access to the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Dzagaryan said.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to $856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose by 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent, to $158 million dollars.
Increased trade was achieved through the supply of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Jagarian also predicts that this year Russia will visit a record number of Iranian tourists.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representation in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly tourist, to Iranian citizens.
Moreover, for the first time, Iran entered the top 20 countries on the number of tourists visiting Russia.
It is safe to say that last year's record for the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be beaten, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Jeza, where the monuments of ancient Persian civilization are preserved in good condition," he said.
The state continues to tighten the screws in the defense industry.
The reason for the dismissal was "the systematic failure to comply" with the instructions of the General Director of the "Andaluz - Antey," "omission in work" and "loss of confidence."
Gennady Bandersky is appointed head of the NGO for the next three years.
Information on the dismissal of Nescorova only appeared on Thursday evening and did not cause widespread media resonance in the.
What explains such silence in the face of massive army rearmament large-scale military re-armament?
It is likely that the RF leadership does not wish to spread any rumors or negative assumptions in the public environment.
This proves once more that the defence industry has a lot of problems and the state does not wish to attract increased attention from society to them.
The removal of Nescorova is undoubtedly an important event in terms of putting order in the industry.
The NPO "Munz" is the head enterprise of the company, which specializes in the production of anti-rocket systems (ZRK) of sea and aviation basing.
At present, KAMAZ is working on the creation of the "Police Department" and "Mortex," which are planned to be installed on new cortes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal E.ON Russia, Dmitry Kornev, believes that the dismissal of Nesbark was caused by the breakdown of the deadline according to the projects.
This is the most logical version.
For example, the development of "Mortex" began in 2007, and the commissioning was expected in 2013.
"Police-ship" should become the main air defense system on the newest vessels of the Navy.
According to the information I receive, no one in a truly successful test has been done for several years.
However, as far as I can judge, there is no definite fault of "Toulouse," Corneev said.
The expert fears that the delay in commissioning could also take place with the S-500 RCK.
The design work for the project has not yet been completed, but in 2016, the first complexes should come into force.
The Ministry of Defense assures that "the work is planned and everything will be completed in a timely manner within the schedule," although in 2014 the agency acknowledged the existence of the C-500 development problems.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities of Nescoronov, who has led the "diamond" since 2011.
Kornev stated that the breakdown of deadlines on projects could be both a cause and a cause for dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to extract information on internal processes in the OMK and plans of enterprise management.
The industry received long-term orders worth tens of billions of rubles, and big money is known to love silence.
As a rule, directors of defense companies leave positions at their own request, under the agreement on an agreement of parties or transfer to other work.
In this case, the removal took place publicly, although it did not receive a resonance.
This suggests that the head of the "Toulouse" was, perhaps, a figure of a string and resisted the descent from the top.
It seems that the state does not intend to tolerate such behavior.
With the hands of the shareholders it will remove those who prefer to argue with the facilities of the Ministry of Defense and do not carry out the tasks assigned.
At the same time, the leadership of the Russian Federation seeks to punish the corrupt managers (the machinations at the "Saud" Svezda shipyard).
The President personally pays increased attention to the problems of the sector.
Vladimir Putin heads the Military Defense Commission and periodically holds meetings devoted to rearmament.
The Kremlin is defending the ranks of the management of the PC, aiming to have a loyal slate of directors, who will carry out the orders received from above.
This is a far-fetched policy, but against the backdrop of corruption and lack of competition in the defense industry of other instruments, the state does not.
The current situation in the sphere of defence is certainly not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin as soon as possible to order military forces.
In parallel with the "clean-up" of management, the RF leadership has taken quite successful steps to increase the professionalism of Russian troops.
The personnel composition of the army has acquired a new quality with the arrival of Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.
It appears that the president has taken on the well-known saying "Peace of the world - prepare for war."
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and the nuclear parity achieved in the 1970s led to the signing of the Helsinki Pact, which secured Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
With all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked quite effectively.
The proof was the absence of war on the European continent and a relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The triumph of the Cold War in the end turned out to be a fortification of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the United States in a "civilized world," there is probably no quiet corner left.
Despite the common scourge, the West refuses to talk to Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such conditions, the only allies of our country remain the navy and the army.
The strengthening of military power will enable Moscow to better defend national interests and reach new world politics.
Dutchman, Calhoum Skinner, mashed the finish straight, causing the British to take away the cycling gold
Dutchman, Calhoum Skinner, the stepped up to triumph in the men's team sprint at Rio last night, causing Britain's team to defend their title from London 2012.
The 23-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the strongest, which his Dutchman Sir Chris Hoy made his own, and the youngster went down in history, jumping over the finish line to beat the winning team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the right to win four years ago when Heather claimed rights for a fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick after finishing modestly sixth at the March World Track and Field Championships in London, despite the fact that he has since finished his career.
The issue between Beijing and London was the replacement of specialist member Jamie Steff.
They did so once upon a time when Pipes appeared.
Hawking's departure also created a void that Kieran Ebadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
Skinner was a man who was followed by British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scots, which has now been realised.
Hank, Kenny - the champions with Hoi four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the norm was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hank was exactly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team forward, Skinner backed up.
The change in strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hinnes rode on more gear to slow down and let Kenny and, especially, Skinner keep pace.
Heather watched from his place as a BBC guest expert and caught sight of Skinner, Kenny and Hindi when they stepped on the pedestal.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "this is a terrific comparison."
I'm here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the finals and won the world champions.
It was unbelievable.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoi, Hindi admitted deliberately fell back on track after a failed start.
He later renounced the comment and there was no way to appeal from the UK's competitors.
There was no such question this time in a decisive victory.
Hingley said: "I felt like I was in London, with all those British flags on the podium."
We all like the team met in the past three months.
We played on so many races with the world's name that winning the Olympics was just amazing again.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which won seven out of 10 titles of races in both Beijing and London.
If this is the barometer of progress in the past five months, then Velodrome will have five more successful days.
With the form demonstrated by Kenny, it is not beyond the opportunity to imagine how he repeats the feat of Hoya, winning three Olympic gold medals in one Games.
This would make it possible to see Kenny - who is 12 years younger than Troy - who also was born on March 23 (this seems to be a sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - brings his score to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also be like Hoya.
Next time Kenny is competing in the sprint, which begins today and is played out over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your comrades.
It is a bit lonely to win one, if honest.
Hingley said: "if he wins two more gold medals, he should get a knight."
It was the only one-match of the day, but there was some good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Higgins, Ed Miliband, Steven Burke and Owen Dulles are qualified for the fastest four-kilometer chase race in four.
They finished in 3: 51.943.
The world record set at winning gold in London 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and final (10: 42 pm) will take place today, on the second day of the event, where the Higgins will definitely be in the spotlight.
He had a discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of the qualifying round, when officials demanded him to measure his weight.
In the women's event, which is renewed and announced tomorrow, Laura Trot, Joanna Rochell Schand, Elivio Barker and Katie Arcibald of Milngay improved the world record by a time of 4: 13.260.
Team Britain came up with what is relying on a mighty team of cyclists to take ownership over the property in the middle of the Olympics and earn a bunch of medals.
After really exceptional demonstrations of total superiority in Beijing and London, expectations have weakened in the preparations for Rio.
There was drama on the second plan, not the last - the departure from the post of Technical Director Sheina Sutton in April due to allegations of sexism and harassment, and the departure of major figures such as Heather and Victoria Pendleton.
However, based on the race of the first evening at the velodrome, it seems that the legendary now glory of silicon in reaching the top at the right time may be repeated again.
The future of the Portland Steel Works is threatened by the dissolution of the electricity contract
The future of the Portland aluminum plant in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers - is threatened by the fact that the electric power company that supplies the plant, according to one of the factory owners, is going to terminate the supply agreement: it is planned that all supply contracts will expire.
The move comes as a result of a decision earlier this year by the Victorian government not to extend the subsidies provided to support the operation of the plant.
The fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be at risk at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
As many as 2,000 jobs - directly and indirectly - may be at risk as a result of any closure.
There may also be additional indirect effects, as the metallurgical plant consumes around 10 percent of all the electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Huawei closed a metallurgical plant in Pointe Henry, which led to the closure of the Englei power plant last year.
The Portland metallurgical plant of the company's Portland Steel Works is losing money and risks closing.
These actions were a result of a reflection on the future of the plant, which has been ongoing for several years, initially due to strong positions from the Australian dollar, and later due to the price of the plant's products.
The AGL, which supplies a large aluminum power plant with its Loy IgA power plant in Lagos-Valli, said it expects the other three owners to also take steps to terminate the contracts.
The controlling share of the plant belongs to the joint long-term company of the companies Huawei and Fiorina, and the Chinese company BASIC and the Japanese company Marukoi Corp owns smaller shares.
"AGL expects that the Abilendra facility will continue to operate, meaning that the physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not be stopped," she said.
According to the company AGL, the contracts mentioned are so-called "capitalized contracts" that were supposed to come into force in November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month termination period, so they will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, AGL still expects these contracts to bring its share of revenue in the 2017 financial year," stated the electric power company.
Whatever the potential impact on the profits of the company AGL starting in 2018, this is currently limited by forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
The AGL said it had already reduced the amount of contracts in its accounting by to 187 million dollars in view of the "upcoming dissolution."
According to the company, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability of the plant to operate the metallurgical plant or to ensure the supply of electricity to the metallurgical plant."
The American company said it had signed a 20-year contract with Loy in 2010, which was due to come into force in November of this year, but it has yet to explain why it contracted the contract.
Analysts feared the possible closure of both the Portland Steel Works-based steel plant in Victoria and the factory quiet next to Newcastle due to the adverse economic situation in the industry.
Addressing a colleague earlier this week, AGL's chief operating officer Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland annually uses around 600 megawatts of energy, and the go-around is around 900 megawatts.
If both of these plants leave the market, there will be a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
For us, as for the manufacturer, it will be bad, "he said.
Not only the star of Kardashian's reality show, Kendall on the cover of Sydney's Melbourne issue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth-year-old daughter, Sarah Kardashian-Jenner's mother-in-law Chris, appeared on the Hollywood cover of the American Vogue magazine.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee Lauder and has degenerated into fashion weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, reported the news in his Instagram account on Thursday.
"While in the room with my loved ones, I looked at the cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
The news about the cover was accompanied by strange (or just in the spirit of "Semey Kardashian"?), a reality TV show-video in which the whole Kardashian-Jenner family (decibels Rob and Keitlin, also joined them: they planned a surprise party planned for a surprise party).
This is a standard storyline for almost all episodes of children's television shows devoted to birthday (Skrat says: "you thought we forgot about you?" with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit out of the program at 8 in the morning, but Chris needed to get this glory anyway.
Because with this episode, which is dedicated to the Asian Broadcast Number parliamentary cell phone number, we have undoubtedly entered the new era of the Kardashian show.
Let her older sister Kendall Kim get on the cover of Vogue earlier (she appeared on her with her husband, Kanye West in April 2014), but the Hollywood cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling release of the year.
Rather similar to a gift edition, rather than a fashion magazine, the release attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to the Espion.de portal, 615 pages from last year's 832-page edition contained advertising).
The news about who will get the link coming into its cover is expected to come to an end in the past two years, with the magazine's photographs merged before the official announcement.
The previous women for the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Hirst and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover has certainly featured more "celebrities who work models" than "models that are celebrities."
Oscar winner and the face of the brand Dior Jennifer Lawrence was featured on the cover in 2013, a year after the tribute to Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely event that Jenner, whom the magazine described as the "outstanding model" of his generation, falls into the first category, it's in a bad company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, stars of reality shows or modern children who know how to make good video in Snapshot (although Jenner falls into all these categories).
These are truly talented women who succeed in the entertainment industry.
For Beyonis, who appeared on last year's cover, this year was one of the best in the career due to the release of Lemonade's album.
Of course, not everyone is happy about Jenner's success.
Jenner's position in the fashion world, due to her past star of the reality TV show, always had to remain shaky.
In June, one of Victoria's Victoria's Secret Stephanie Seymour attacked Jenner and her colleague Jiiji Hadid, calling them "the bitch of the moment."
These sentiments were revived again after the news about the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no point to fixate on the advantage.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of Sydney's Melbourne issue.
She is a supermodel in all senses of the word.
She departs for Mark Jacobs.
It will sell you tonal cream from Estee Lauder.
She, and all her sisters, sell her photos in her own applications, which are available on a paid subscription.
She is selling her own photos of her daughter, Cyndi Crawford, to Vogue magazine.
And in her spare time, perhaps, to still be with her sister Kortney and her children, she participates in reality shows on television.
Public law centres deny service to 160,000 people a year
Each year, more than 160,000 of the least protected members of the population are denied service in public law centres, as this sector prepares for a effect that will further reduce funding for and already leading to the limit.
In Queensland three out of five people - mostly elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, people unable to fight unfair property deprivation and so on - have already been denied access to free legal aid and representation.
Public legal services, already operating outside of capacity, are preparing for further cuts.
From June of next year, these legal centers will have to lose 30 percent of federal funding.
Queensland Director of Public Prosecutions James Farrell said that according to the report of the last census of the National Association of Public Law Centres, thousands of people are being refused a year.
Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government is not revoked, the situation will only get worse.
"Queensland public law centres are constantly receiving insufficient funding: it means thousands of people are being denied essential services," he said.
People leaving violent relationships, people with uncontrollable and torn debts, families going through divorce, unjustly dismissed workers - all of these people have a legal problem, and this report shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017, and thousands of less protected residents of Queensland will have to resolve complex legal issues without assistance.
We call on the Minister of Justice and the Queensland Senator George Branhard to immediately cancel these funding cuts so that people can get the help they need when they face legal challenges.
Last year, the state government made its commitment to raise funding for free legal aid to the country's average.
Now is the time to pay attention to the needs of public legal centres and communities, their clients, and the Government of Paladchuk it is time to put in this important work.
The campaign headquarters of Donald Trump sued after an employee allegedly threatened a pistol
According to reports from New York, Donald Trump's campaign headquarters have been sued: reportedly, the headquarters did nothing after reports that its chief operating officer in North Carolina threatened a pistol when they drove in a Jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday by a state court in Charlotte Vincent Bordini, a former software inspector at the state's pre-trial headquarters.
Bordini said he had waited several months for the problem to be resolved internally, but he understood that "it will not happen."
Director Earl Phillipe "extracted a gun, put his right index finger on the jacket and sent a duet onto the on the knee's knee," says Bordini in a complaint.
In a move to local and regional headquarters of the campaign headquarters, Bordini realised that at least four other people had become participants in similar incidents with Phillips, he said.
"Pistols don't necessarily shoot to damage," Bordini said in a complaint.
The lawsuit occurred just two days after the Republican presidential candidate ran a furor, telling listeners in North Carolina that "the people of the Second Amendment" - understood as gun owners and his fans - could begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton was elected and could choose judges.
Trump's campaign headquarters said the media had pulled his words out of context, and that he had not spoken out in support of violence.
In his complaint, Bordini demands compensation from the campaign staff for negligent supervision, and from the Phillippe - for the threat of physical violence, insulting the act and causing moral harm.
Trump's spokesman, Chip Hicks, is responding to a request to comment.
Attempts to talk to Phillips were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news partner in Charlotte, said Phillips recently resigned from the campaign headquarters.
In response to a call from his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, no one quickly reclaimed.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ran a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. J. H. For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court, Division of the Supreme Court of Justice of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain should guide the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our communities and in the whole of London, but across the country.
As per me, this was exactly the huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made every effort to ensure that our people and regions benefit from the Games.
The Olympics have benefited enormously for Stratford and East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and firms near Heathrow.
We will create 10,000 new jobs, 40,000 new jobs, and end youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think the task of expanding Heathrow is too large.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games, and that we would be at a disadvantage on the world stage.
Skeptics stumble in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow responds to any question about it.
Like the London Olympics, it is an infrastructure project for the majority, not just a narrow circle.
The expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 1.6bn pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment around the airport as well as throughout the United Kingdom.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment in a timely and within budget, from the T5 - the airport's best terminal five years in a row - to T2, built in the middle of the world's two busiest runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The London 2012 Olympics were a huge success for the UK, and I am confident that Heathrow will be expanding too.
It is time for us to send the Olympic spirit to the right track and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future, and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton - Chairman of the Council of Heathrow and former Trade Attaché of the Treasury
Adonis Plus, Facebook is playing "cat-and-mouse" on the issue of blocking advertising
For companies that make money on Internet advertising, trying to bypass software to block advertising is a game of cat-and-mouse, according to one of the companies that promotes such software.
On Thursday, just a couple of days after Facebook announced that it was going to block ad blockers on its desktop version of the site, Adonis Plus posted a blog entry stating that users can update their filters in a program to block advertising on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the site's desktop version will change its focus on advertising, so that it becomes advertising blockers find it becomes harder for advertisers to recognize which parts of the page are advertising.
But Adonis now claims to have been able to bypass the new code.
In his blog posting, the Admissions spokesperson Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between the community of open source advertising advocates and those trying to circumvent it has been going on since the invention of advertising," and it is possible that Facebook will make its own decision soon.
The fact that the world's largest social network has joined the fray is a clear sign of how big a problem is with advertising ads for the industry.
Around the world, around 200 million people are using advertising blockers, according to last year's Schaefair and Adobe research; almost four times the number of those who used such software in 2013.
With 1.3 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 per cent of Facebook's revenue.
However, the company is hunting for ads on the desktop version, as mobile advertising blockers are ineffective in Facebook's mobile applications for the social network and the broadcaster, according to a spokesman.
But still, advertising in the desktop version is a rather profitable article that Facebook considers such a move as a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday Facebook announced that it is going to upgrade its "advertising preferences" tool to give people more control over how advertising is targeted on them.
On Thursday, Facebook announced that the new Adsense filters are causing concern, as they will also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an official e-mail.
Advertising Blocks are a blunt tool, so we instead focused on creating tools such as advertising preferences to hand control to people.
The woman moved to the Swiss motorway in an episode of an apparent suicide
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
Police are calling for witnesses after a woman moved several vehicles on a motorway early on Thursday in an apparent suicide attempt.
The incident took place at on the A1 near Morge in Canton Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman was on the road in the dark "in a gesture of despair" and hit several vehicles, the police said in a statement.
Apparently trying to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several involved drivers have already been interviewed, but the identities of some have still not been established, reported the police, who are calling on them and anyone else who witnessed the incident responded.
A criminal case was initiated, a "logical" step in such a situation like this, stated the lawyer of the lawyer for the residential Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will be charged.
Was it possible to avoid being hit?
That is what the prosecutor should define, "said Hofstetter stated Hofsteetter.
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
In each case - both of which involve a person walking in the dark on a motorway - a verdict has been issued that motorists cannot expect a random encounter with a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, reports the newspaper.
Last year an officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man lying on the A1 near Peiern at night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim saw and lost consciousness on the road, the court heard.
The court found that a female policeman - who responded to the emergency call by means of a vehicle in a manner that was grounded and that the presence of a person on the road was "a totally exceptional and unpredictable situation," stated the judge.
Anyone holding information on Thursday's incident near Morge should call the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once a habitable
Venus may once have been inhabited, according to NASA's new climate model.
Scientists from the Chicago Institute for the Study of Space Goddard developed a model to study the past Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether on Venus, with its hot water surface and an atmosphere overflowing with carbon dioxide, one could ever survive conditions like this.
Scientists previously assumed that the small rotation rate of Venus was explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus probably could have an undetermined atmosphere similar to Earth, and still rotate slowly.
The model also characterizes the topography of early Venus.
In all likelihood, there were more arid regions on the planet than on Earth, but once there was enough water and enough fluid variability to create conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also took advantage of the sun, which was 30 percent dim.
"According to the G4S model, the slow rotation of Venus sets its day-to-day sun on the sun for almost two months at a time," explained G4S scientist, Anthony Del Henio, in a press release.
This warms the surface of the planet and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella protecting the planet's surface from a substantial portion of the solar heat.
The result is average climatic temperatures, which are, surprisingly, a few degrees cooler than those on Earth today.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development previously envisioned by specialists in the study of planets.
Although Venus may have been habitable, it has been subjected to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation for several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned out by UV radiation.
When her hydrogen was gone, there was only a dense atmosphere from carbon dioxide with lethal greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, which we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus Climate Model in the Geoscience Research Laboratory.
Patrick Roy leaves the post of coach of the Springclub team
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of hockey activities at Dartmouth Speedway on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process in the team.
Executive Vice President / Chief Executive Officer of the locker room, Joe Sakik, confirmed the news and noticed that the club will start looking for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years, I have performed my duties as head coach and vice-president of hockey activities at Carlisle Cinemas with the energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
During the summer, I had a long and hard time thinking about how I could improve this team to give it the required depth and raise it to a higher level.
To achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and vice president of hockey should ideally coincide with the vision of the organization.
He must also have the right to vote in decisions affecting the work of the team.
These conditions are currently not fulfilled.
Sakik, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," said Sakik.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization and wish him success in the future.
Roy became the winner of the Jack Bauer Award as the league's best coach during his first season with the Seahawks team in 2013-2014.
He led the club to 112 points and victory in Central Division, but Colorado was defeated by Detroit in the first round of the playoffs and played the playoffs two last year.
The AFL team announced a score of 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and five points away from the Wild team in the fight for the second qualifying berth in the Western Conference.
The goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy has won four Stanley Cup titles - two from Toscanadiens and with Paraguay.
North Sea oilmen resume negotiations and suspend strike
Workers' strikes on the issue of salaries of oil workers in the North Sea are suspended, and all sides of the debate are embarking on a new round of negotiations, reported leading representatives of the parties.
The strikes against the oil and gas company Wood Group were sporadically organized on North Sea platforms operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"The Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to resume the negotiation process for resolving current disputes," said in a joint statement.
We'll have implemented several meetings on a full day over the course of the next few weeks, starting from the beginning of next week to look at the issues of in a fresh perspective.
Unions reported that their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential salary cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year reduced the rates paid to contract employees operating in the North Sea by about 9 percent due to market stress.
The reduction in rates by the company came after a 10 percent reduction in rates for contract employees working on the bank, in 2014.
According to the company, the additional cuts will give it the space needed to overcome the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has cut off thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in countries up to 10 as it rationalizes its activities due to its mega merger with British energy company Alibaba Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower prices for unrefined oil: the economic situation has worsened due to the decision to withdraw from the European Union adopted in June by the UK.
Scottish Parliament Member Dale Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labour conflicts in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and across the country, we need an economy that works for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion worth of new North Sea projects is expected in 2016, by contrast with an average value of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures speed of stars in clusters of Pleiades
The Kepler space telescope's latest mission has helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalogue of stars of the stars of the Pleiades.
The new data help astronomers understand why stars in clusters rotate at different speeds, as well as how rotation periods relate to the formation of planets.
"We hope to compare our results with other star clusters, we learn more about the relationship between star mass, age and even the history of its solar system," said Louise Ricscore, a researcher at the Center for Infrared Processing and Analysis at the California Institute of Technology.
The Pleiades are located 445 light years away from the Earth.
Many stars in accumulation now only reach maturity; they were born approximately 125 million years ago.
They rotate as fast as they never will.
At their peak rotation speeds, these hybrid stars emit large amounts of star wind.
Traveling through the stars of the stars, these winds have a brake effect on the stars.
As the star ages, its speed of rotation begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star, tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable star clusters - such as sunspots.
The newest spin-off catalog of rotation speeds suggests that more massive stars rotate slower than less massive stars.
Richscore compares stars with sentences: larger ones make pyruts slower than smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of Pleiad, we observe that those that rotate slowly are usually more massive, while those that rotate faster tend to be very light-weight buildings," said Ribscore.
Since the Pleiad pan is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory for matching the stars of the stars with rotation speeds.
"The star cluster of Pleiades provides a starting point for the theoretical models of stars of the stars, both younger and older," said Ribscore.
We still want to learn more about how, where and why stars slow down the speed of their rotation and hang their "dance shoes" on nail, figuratively speaking.
Richscore and her colleagues detail their latest analysis of the fast pace of Pleiec's rotation in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomy Journal.
An investigation connected with the activities of the group of people detained in Crimea by Ukrainian saboteurs leads two agencies, writes Kommersant.
The FSB collects evidence of the involvement of detainees in the preparation of sabotage in Crimea.
As previously reported, the confessions gave a resident of the Ukrainian city of Energodar Evgeny Panov, observed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as objects for diversions he considered the chemical plant "Ruslan" in Arkhangelsk, Neftebase in Feodosia, Kerch ferry crossing, gas pipeline, and also one of the military airfields.
The bodyguards believe that not all of the diverts of the diversites have succeeded.
This, in particular, became the basis for the arrest of suspects in the Kiev district court of Simferopol, notes the publication.
Stanislav Chercherov, head coach of the Russian national team was the head coach of the Russian national team
At a meeting of the Russian Football Union executive committee, a decision was made to nominate Stanislav Chercherov, head coach of the Russian national team for football team, to the post of the head coach.
The contract will be awarded for two years - until the completion of the CMM-2018.
On August 11 the RFU executive appointed Stanislav Chercherov, head coach of the Russian national team for football.
This is a well-known football player, who previously played in the "Spartak" position as goalkeeper, as well as a coach with solid experience, who was a mentor of such Russian teams as the same "Spartak," as well as well as the Warsaw Dynamo, who became the winner of the country's national championship and cup.
It is reported that the contract with Chercherov will be signed in the nearest future and designed for two years.
Thus, it is him who has a duty to prepare the national team for the 2018 world championship.
It is known that Miroslav Romashev, the Gintaras Senior, Vladimir Patrushov will be included in his coaching staff.
There is information according to which the salary of the entire coaching staff will amount to 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to the media, the management of the RFU put in front of Stanislav Chercherov a goal to bring the team to Russia to the semi-finals and win medals.
As the coach himself stated, as a top priority he considers creating a competitive environment in the team and intends to give players the opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to Chercherov, he is glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Cherchov Team Russia will be held on August 31 in Antalya - this will be a friendly meeting with the Turkish team.
Let us recall that previously the post of head coach of the Russian national team was held by Leonid Slutsky, who combined him with coaching at the CSKA club.
He declared his departure from his post after a farewell performance by Russia's national team at Euro 2016 in France.
Therefore, he took responsibility for the poor result of the national team.
Caught between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered badly during the long struggle against apartheid.
However, since independence from South Africa in 1990, this country of 2.4 million people has achieved tremendous success, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for Namibia's success is that the government pays a lot of attention to education.
While people in developed countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, many poor countries in middle and even primary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, governments are often advised to impose tuition fees for "cost recovery."
However, in Namibia, elementary schools are free of charge.
Moreover, there has been a free secondary education since 2015.
The authorities of the country are also active in other important areas.
Malaria eradication efforts have reduced the number of annual cases by 97% over the past decade.
Contrary to the international trend of inequality, Namibia is shrinking.
In comparison with the 1993 rate, the Gini coefficient, which is a standard indicator of income inequality, dropped 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, the figure was one of the highest in the world.
And poverty fell from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 per day) has also fallen, from almost 53% to less than 23%.
Namibia also has the highest rating of freedom of speech in Africa, according to Reporters Without Borders.
The country has significantly outperformed the United States and other rich states.
Moreover, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the Corruption Perceptions Index, which is made up of human rights activists from Transparency International.
Even now, as commodity prices fall, Namibia has been able to sustain high growth rates.
At the same time, the debt-to-GDP ratio is around 25%, which amounts to less than 1 / 3 of the debt level in the US and most European countries.
Of course, Namibia has some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to traditional methods of assessment, remains high - almost 28%.
And, like other countries in the region, Namibia has a high incidence of HIV / AIDS - almost 17% of the population are infected.
The World Bank estimates that Namibia refers to a number of countries with an income above average, but the authorities insist that their state is actually a developing country.
Namibia certainly faces some difficulties, which are poorly developed economies.
The state has to develop a very large and impatient country with a small population.
In the territory of the country, there are isolated nomadic hunter-gatherers who in one way or another must be integrated into modern society without losing their identity.
Integrating people who, a quarter of a century ago, were on the periphery of the world economy, is no easy task for any country.
It is even more difficult for Namibia: just like any other country in the world, it faces the consequences of climate change.
However, Namibia has not thought of lowering its hands, the country is tackling its challenges ahead.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities engaged in creating a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is notable that rival political factions have come together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap health care for not only its own citizens, but also its neighbors.
About 15-20% of visitors to medical facilities in the northern regions of Namibia are Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia talks about the construction of a wall that would separate the country from poor and corrupt neighbors.
The Bolivians understood that the neighbours did not choose, and therefore decided not to conflict with them, but to cooperate - to share scarce water resources, participate in regional medical projects, encourage investments and exchange students.
Moreover, Namibia's government has rightly complained that abundant natural resources can easily become a curse, promoting enrichment at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that income from Namibia's natural wealth needs to be invested in infrastructure and production facilities.
They are also aware that it would be irresponsible not to seek the maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and revise investment laws and mining contracts to see if this is the case.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so strong government support for free speech is so important.
As the head of state, Haim Geingob pointed out, the media often says something he does not like.
But, after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must defend its gains, the president says.
Not all of Namibia's key resources are exhausted.
Some - such as fishing - are renewable, and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Every year more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that begin with serious shortcomings - the monarchy, the colonial build, the poor and the low level of low level of development - can get on the path to shared prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and.
Many have heard about "golden Varna" - the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4200 BC).
Perhaps it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: in Bulgaria, during excavations of the Varna necropolis, a fantastic number of gold artefacts were found - more than three thousand a total weight of 6 Kg.
Only one burial site, known as "grave No.43," was extracted with 990 gold items totalling more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the world's most ancient gold may soon go to the kind of beetle found by archaeologists in July of this year.
And again in Bulgaria - in a prehistoric settlement known as Toll Yunatite.
In contrast to Unlike Varna, the port city, the Thelle Yunatite is located far away from the sea, near the village of Yunzita Pazardiksky of Pazardjik district.
The drill is a gold strip wrapped in the ring.
Yavor Boyajev, head of the division at Telle Yunatita, dated the discovery of 4600 BC and declared that she was older than the Varna gold for at least 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, let us recall, are dated approximately the same period, 4600 - 4200 B.C.
The technologies that make it possible to provide metal with perfect precision are currently not available.
Where is the certainty that gold is more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Bojajev knows more than told the Reuters news agency: "I am absolutely sure that the gold of Yunatite is older than the Varna gold."
This is of extreme importance: in view of this is a tiny subject, however it is large enough to occupy a prominent place in history.
In an interview with Reuters, Bojagev reported that, in the near future, scientists will review the composition of the metal, as well as re-examine the archaeological reservoir, where a gold artifact has been found.
This will help to date the bud with the greatest possible precision.
The place of the find also explains a lot.
Telle Yunazzo - the settlement is famous, even if you have never heard of it.
Nowadays, Thelle Yunatite is considered to be the most ancient "city" of Europe.
It was founded by the descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th millennium BC.
During the next centuries, metal processing was developed, from mastering the first metallurgical skills to the creation of a full-fledged industry, flourished in the region.
In the domestic historiography for this archeological community there is a special name: the Balkan-Carpathian steelmaking province.
In the 5th millennium BC, urban-type settlements began to arise around the metal processing centres.
Now they are called the most ancient cities in Europe.
Of these, Telle Yunazzo is perhaps the most ancient, since there as the artifacts of 4900 B.C. were found here.
I would call Telle Yunazzo a prototype of a modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even in comparison with Mesopotamia.
"This place is older than Schummer for a thousand years," says Boyajev, referring to the conventional wisdom that urban culture originated in the south of Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There arose the first cities in the familiar sense of the word.
It has been underway since 1976.
During this time, archaeologists have excavated almost 12 hectares, about one third of the estimated total area of the settlement.
The remains of the fortress wall, which had once reached three metres in height, were found.
There is little tolerance from homes and workshops, but archaeologists clearly distinguish streets, public buildings, urban dam buildings, the "business center" and residential areas.
Thelle Yunazite is often referred to as the "Bird City": dozens of clay figures of birds were found here.
All the birds are in a state of rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative objects, but the object of a local cult.
The "bird city" was destroyed around 4100 BC - perhaps by Indo-European tribes who came from the northeast.
The nomads did not have cities, but they were horses and weapons.
The three-meter fortress walls were not stopped.
Archaeologists have discovered obvious signs of a brutal slaughter: the remains of old men, women and children have been found inside the houses, with traces of wounds inflicted on Egyptian topaxes.
New findings and new facts are emerging every year, changing customary notions of human history.
The Bulgarian archaeologists are increasingly talking not about individual cultures, but about the "lost" first civilization of Europe, which was born in the Balkans.
A powerful impetus in the search for this civilization was the "gold of Varna," found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the golden luxury of Varna should have something to precede - something like a tiny gold bead created in Thelle Yunatite.
In Porsche artificially made the 911 Targa model
It is officially stated that the preparation of the 911 Targa Constellation Design is conducted manually by specialists of the unit who work with serial machines.
The "retro-bow" is, for example, in a special colour of the Dyna Blue body, which was developed in 1960 for the model Porsche 356B - this color is painted even the logo logo of the model.
In addition, the targa received proprietary white graphics along the boards and special 20-inch RS Spyder wheels, as well as some details of the design of the body painted in the white-gold metal. "
The interior of the retro-ink is noticeably smaller: it differs, by and large, the a gray-blue design, the new armchairs with the extended pockets of electric regulation and a black anodized steel sheet with a subdivision logo logo.
In addition, in the purchase of a special version each buyer will receive a cheque for a car and a well-crafted album with photographs of the production process.
The specialists of Porsche Boxster do not use power equipment: the retro-targa on the characteristics quite coincide with the serial.
It is equipped with a six-cylinder engine with a turbocharged volume of 3.0 litres, developing 420 hp and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa Hybrid is capable of speeding up to 100 km / h in 4 seconds.
The Porsche 911 Targa Constellation Design will be released with limited circulation, but neither the volume nor the cost of each specific sport car is reported.
Facebook and advertising blockers unleashed an "arms race"
The recent adoption of Facebook technologies that disappeared into advertising on the pages of the spy network provoked decision-makers to block the advertising response.
Adonis Plus has released an "antidote," but Facebook plans to do it as well.
So Adonis Plus has advertised its new technology, which is likely to remain effective short
Representatives of the cable network noted that, in order to deceive the new technology of "unblocked" advertising, the decision by Adsense Plus together with commercial advertisements blocks many ordinary posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed its regret with the Adsense Plus policy and promised to soon solve the problem.
As a source among the developers of the P2P network published TechCrunch, the code that makes Adsense Plus useless on the desktop Facebook will be ready within the next few hours.
In this way, the network and the blockers have unleashed a sort of "arms race" trying to beat each other, the injured party has become users who have taken interesting notes from friends or vanished advertisements where they are not used to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertising have been causing heated debate lately.
In Murmansk, a rapist will appear in court · Vecherniy Murmansk the court · Vecherny Murmansk.
His case has already finished being investigated in the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation for the Murmansk region.
The 54-year-old's indictment is not serious - committing violent acts of sexual violence.
The investigation found that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the district of Pavlova in Murmansk committed sexual acts with violence against the 20-year-old.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum sentence of imprisonment of up to six years.
Dongfeng will be brought to Russia by crocodile Fengguang Diaz and pickup Rich New - website For the wheel of www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang Sr. is a representative of the growing number of cars in China that combine the virtues of minivaine and crossover.
Another Russian premiere - of the Russian premiere is Rich New pickup.
Many western firms in the Moscow International Auto Show this year have decided to ignore, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls "Crocus Expo" will fill Chinese firms.
In particular, the powerful front will be produced by Dongfeng Motor Corporation, which has large views on the Russian market and, in the near future, offer a series of interesting novelties to our auto lovers a.
One of them will be the crossover Dongfeng Fengguang Trophy, which came on sale in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550 thousand rubles at the current rate).
The price tag is hardly light, and the issue of deliveries to our country is currently under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang Suzuki on the results of June sales managed to reach 11th place in the list of the best-selling minivans, although in view of the high traffic clearance (175 mm) and a protective plastic veil on the lower perimeter of the body it may well be attributed to the due to qualify for the.
Krossen is built on the front-end platform of the junior model Fengguang 360, the same wheel base at 2725 mm, but the body is slightly longer (4565 mm vs. 4510 mm), and the design is richer.
The salon is decorated with wooden headlights, but the large vertical touch screen "like Tesla" on the central console was only on the early exhibition instances of crossover, and in the sale of a high-speed of the experimental machine with "music" there is a request to the "music."
Five of the seven seats are easily folded, forming a flat loading area of 1650 mm, the maximum capacity of the trunk - 1500 l.
The engine for Fengguang Diesel is provided with only one - 1.5-liter petrol "atmospheric" with a capacity of 115 hp, coupled with a 5-speed manual transmission.
On the dynamic qualities of the machine, the manufacturer is modestly silent, but promises to keep the budget of the owner of the appetite for the level of 6.7 l / 100 km.
The Rich New pickup is a well-known Infiniti Nissan NP300 Ferrara for the past generation, but with a slightly clouded Chinese style.
Despite the morally outdated design, this model still has a stable demand from the Chinese consumer as a reliable and unsightly "workhorse."
At a similar price, Rich New is certain to be of interest to Russians as well, because modern Japanese pickups have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to choose from: gasoline 2.4 litres (137 hp) or 2.5 litres turbodiesel (116 hp).
The gear box - only the mechanics, drive - on the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with a tightly connected "front."
Will be on the Dongfeng stand and the new flagship sedan A9, his Russian premiere representative of the Chinese firm announced back in June.
The Minovanlike sprinklers in the Chinese market are becoming more and more, one of the latest novelties - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
Currently, the Russian Dongfeng line consists of two models: S30 sedan and H30 Cross hatchback.
For seven months of this year, the dealers of the Chinese company, founded in our country, 696 vehicles.
Notifications to transport tax will stop sending mail - site For driving www.zr.ru
Tax inspection changed the order for sending property taxes notices.
All Russian car owners are accustomed to the years-long scheme: in summer and autumn they receive receipts for payment of transport tax for the previous year.
This year, however, many of them will not survive.
The fact is that the tax inspection without excessive fuss changed the order of notification of citizens.
Those registered in the "Personal Office of the taxpayer" on the official website of nalog.ru, notice will arrive electronically.
The inspection automatically deemed such Russians online users and removed them from the standard, "paper" distribution.
The innovation will touch all owners of vehicles and real estate.
Everyone else will still receive habitual letters.
However, the possibility to return to the old scheme is also with the owner of the account on the website.
For this they will have to visit the tax service department in August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and comfortable.
A notice will appear in the "personal office" immediately following the drawing, while the letter will go on for several days and may be lost at all.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service of tax inspection has exceeded 18 million people, which will enable the agency to seriously save on mailings.
On the other hand, the modest news on the site of the inspection is clearly not enough to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some could register with the in a "personal office" to receive a single service and have long since forgotten about it.
These people will not be notified by mail and, not by themselves, will fall into the category of non-payers with all the ensuing consequences.
Access to the "Personal Office of the taxpayer" is carried out in three ways: via the gosuslugi.ru portal, via the electronic signature or the entry of login login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained personally in any department of tax inspection (regardless of the location of the register).
We are reminded that this year the transport tax needs to be paid before December 1.
Notification mailing began in July.
The Tyumen Mercedes-Benz G-Class, which aims to achieve a very high return, is a thing of itself.
But the controversial concept has not embarrassed the masters of the company G-Power, who raced to, which has taken over the modification of the controversial Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is known for its bias towards BMW vehicles, but nothing human to its masters is alien.
Indeed, why not refine the G 63 - a 571-strong flying van with tank aerodynamics and a discharge of up to a hundred per mile?
Pumping the "muscle" of the mad heliot, the masters took advantage of the of the a 5.5-liter "Eight" add-on.
But the dynamics of overclocking up to a hundred improved by an indistinguishable 0.1 with, and now the flying "brick" is capable of jumping for 5.3 seconds.
However, the acceleration from the average speeds is certain to be noticeably better.
The speed ceiling is frightening: if the standard G 63 is faster than 210 km / h it does not travel, then a tuning-on-road with a deactivated electronic "collar" can squeeze 250 km / h.
On the outside, the vehicle is almost indistinguishable from its factory, except for the other wheel drive - the 23-inch SUVs ³ high-speed 747 / 35 ZR 23.
The luxury Mercedes-Maybach unit announced a spectacular 6 m long concept coupe, which will be presented in the framework of an elegant design in Pebble Beach Concourse.
Mercedes-Benz intends to compete with BMW i's "green subbrand" and will promote its electric models under a separate brand.
In the coming years, a minimum of four eco-friendly innovations are expected.
