The Prime Minister of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in his first major Auslandsbesuch since his election victory in May, his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Detroit to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr Modi is located on a five-day trip to Japan, to the economic ties with the world's third largest Wirtschaftsnation l.b..
Plans for a stronger nuclear cooperation are at the top of the agenda.
According to reports, hopes India in addition to Verteidigungszusammenarbeit on a contract between the two nations.
Police arrested from Karratha to faster Motorradjagd 15-20 year-olds
A motorcycle was seized after the driver with 125km/h in a 70km/h Bernstorfstraße and through bushland Melbournea had to escape to the police in Bilbara.
This morning in Karratha, rape, attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, after they had watched it, as it is with 125 km/h, a petrol station on the Bathdate Road verließ.
The police reported that the driver ignored the Haltesignale then and continue on the Burgess Road, before he drove into the bushland abbog, where the officers lost sight of it.
The motorcycle, as well as a person who was the description of the driver were later at a house in Walcott Way in Bulgarra Homerecords.
Karratha accused the police of a 20-year man of the neglect of a Haltesignals and reckless driving.
He should be on September 23, will appear before the District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was secured for three months and seized.
George Webster because Hotelvergewaltigungen in Naim and Pitlochry charged
A man stands because of the rape of women in two hotels in court.
George Webster, 28, was the charge at a hearing of the Supreme Court read out in Glasgow.
He is accused of, on 7 June 2013, a woman in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry, to have raped.
The charge is that Webster Uhnari, while she was unconscious, she "slept, and no consent could signal".
In addition, Webster is accused of, on May 4, 2014, a second woman in the Golf View Hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands to have raped.
Judge Lady Rae set the Verhandlungstermin for the 17 November at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Return to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
The congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a legislative proposal, the organization of trade unions to establish as a citizen.
"as trade unions are dying, the Mittelklassejobs also die", said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota and the deputy chairman of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
That's why I'm proud to work together with the Bürgerrechtsikone John Lewis the Mitarbeiterermächtigungsgesetz.
This ground-breaking law gives workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination on the grounds of the organization of trade unions, as with other forms of discrimination - and stops so antigewerkschaftlich set forces.
The addition of the national Arbeitsrechtsgesetzes, a way for a discrimination abandoned workers to organize a Gewerkschaftsvertretung to create before a civil court to get justice to complain - and in order to get compensation or Strafgelder - is a useful and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not according to American standards.
In fact, the best way to understanding what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of the bill suggest the connection back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, the trade unions, which have been subjected to in the last few years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - have Americans once countries all over the world, encouraged to recognise and comply with labour rights, expand.
There was a time, of the millions of Americans still remember, when this country democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the Vereinigungsrecht in one breath.
When the United States after the Second World War, Japan besetzte, encouraged General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff in the country to do so, to adopt a constitution, which should ensure that the militarised autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their trade unions in the creation of a new Japan, took a role, they used a language that explicitly recognized that "the rights of the workers to unite and joint negotiation and action are guaranteed".
When the United States after World War II, Germany, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff the Germans, to write a constitution, which would ensure that the fascism of Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would need to organise themselves, and their voice in the new nation should speak up, added a clause to the Germans, the aussagte explicitly: "the right to form associations, and to the working and economic conditions will improve, and to secure to each and every individual and every profession or industry.
The agreements, which restrict this right or aimed at it to belittle are null and void; this is abzielende measures are illegal.
As the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt in the Chair of the International Commission on Human Rights, of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as it was designed in 1948 by the United Nations as a global agreement, has been taken over by Roosevelt and the other authors of a guarantee that "everyone has the right to protect its interests, trade unions to form or join them".
For generations, Americans accept the Grundprämisse that labour rights are human rights.
When this country, in other countries, such as one civilian and democratic societies, said Americans could form, that the law on the establishment of a trade union - and that this trade union collective bargaining, then as an equal partner with companies and government agencies must take part in - must be protected.
After these rights in America under attack, it is indeed very wise, the American ideal and, consequently, to the working population must have the right to unite and engage in a free and open society in which to speak.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. fifty years ago said:
The history is a great teacher.
Now we all know that the labour movement is not restricted to the strength of the nation, but they grew.
By raising the living standards of millions of people in work has miraculously created a market for the industry and the whole of the nation to unimaginable levels increased.
Those who attack the work, forget these simple truths, but the history they keep.
The story reminds us, and that is something we should do.
The formal recognition of the labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of citizens' rights as a protection against discrimination in the creation of employee - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis are renewing the ideals that made America great in the past, and the promise of democracy einlösten.
Judge temporarily halts law that all Abtreibungskliniken in Louisiana could force them to close down
A suit, stopped on Sunday for the time being, the implementation of a law in Louisiana, the lawyers say, that it might have to close all five Abtreibungskliniken would have led the state.
By this measure, the governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, in June for the law was made on 1 Sept. and due to enter into force, the doctors who carry out abortions would force a Patientenaufnahmerecht, in a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
The decision of the judge, however, means that, for the time being, the doctors can continue to carry out legal abortions, while they apply for such a right.
"the plaintiffs can continue working on law, while they try to obtain these rights", wrote John deGravelles curbs in its judgment.
Within a month, a hearing will be scheduled for the judges, for the law to bring about a dauerhaftere decision.
Abtreibungsbefürworter welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors more time to obtain gewännen Krankenhauseinweisungsrechte.
"today's decision means that the women in Louisiana a dastardly escape the law, their health and their rights, they want to take", said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Center for reproductive rights, in the name of three of the five clinics in the state had complained, in order to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the verdict from the doctors at the two hospitals to the complaint Kushitic not connected and also Einweisungsrechte had asked for.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws, and courts recently such measures in the state of Alabama and Mississippi for drivers have said.
Schlüsselstellen a law in Texas, the most of the remaining clinics in the state have been forced to close, were stopped by a curbs on Friday.
Abtreibungsbefürworter and the American College of Gynecologists Ostretricians and as well as the American Medical Association, agreed, saying that Einweisungsrechte of doctors unnecessary restrictions.
Pro-life campaigners counter that the measures under the protection of the health of the women who serve as well, although some of the impact of a closure of clinics welcomed.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has Patienteineinweiserechte, told the Center for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the state be forced to perform abortions, not more, would this doctor for fear of his safety, not more, to carry out the operation, said the group.
In its argument against the verdict, said representatives of the State of Louisiana, that they don't have doctors because of the implementation of abortions would punish, while their applications were still pending on Patienteneinweiserechte.
Delayed diagnosis and a lack of access to the best treatment options lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have a Videohommage made online for her mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in the rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of ovarian cancer to die, than for women in the cities.
Researchers analyzed the health data of more than 1100 Australierinnen, ovarian cancer was found in 2005, and found that only 25 percent five years after the diagnosis, were still alive.
The QIMR Berghofer Forschungsleiterin Susan Jordan, from the Medical Research Institute, said that for those in rural and remote regions of the state, the Sterblichkeitsrisiko lived during the study, about 20% higher than for those in urban areas.
Small STUDY: new drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the age of a woman at the time of the diagnosis, the type of existing Vorerkrankungen Eierstockkrebses, as well as the social and economic status, as well as the chance of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer to Diagnosezeitpunkt already was further advanced, the survival rate was the lowest.
For those in rural and remote regions of the state, was the Sterblichkeitsrisiko lived during the study, about 20% higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study looked at, why not women living outside of the city with a higher likelihood of dying of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan had a late diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible contributing factors for this.
"this disease is best treated by endoskopije Onkologen, and these are mostly in larger cities to find", she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of services to the telemedizinischen Cardassian-held, beat them with something as daft a reinforcement of the service of eingeflogenen doctors, specialists, the possibility to give women more at their place of residence, as well as to provide individualized for people outside of their region.
Dr Jordan said that the study, irrespective of the geographical status a bad Langzeitüberlebensrate Shabdrung in ovarian cancer in women and the need for better treatment AVANTASIA and Vorsorgestrategien.
The Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer funded study is now published in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013, Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the Gold, that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Gartenzentren Hausbesitzerzahlen skaita samazināšanās regret
The decline of the sinking, along with an increase in the number of homeowners under 35 years could lead to tens of thousands of pounds per year that Gartenzentren lose, if today's young consumers, according to a study by the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times, the "Kernaltersgruppe for Gartenprodukte".
The report says that, on average, 55 per cent of tenants, with the amount of people own their own homes for their garden.
The increase in the number of people who live in areas with high urbanisierten without gardens, the popular procedure, gardens to Parkzwecken to bitumen and the falling Gartengröße are further factors that threaten the industry, in the estimated £5 billion per year in the sale will be put into practice.
In the Greater London area, in which over a period of 6 years, the percentage of homeowners dropped from 61 to 43 per cent, there is going to be the lowest expenditure per household per Gartenprodukte reported.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society, suggests that housing for rent or a small garden does not mean that the people can draw no plants.
Guy Barter, Chefgartenberater for the RHS, said: "for example, at Oltarent Container-Gärtnern is very popular, because they have their plants in a move can take".
The HTA-Bericht identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the Garteneinzelhandels due to rising Hauseigentümerzahlen and economic prosperity of the late 1980's until the middle of the 1990s.
He predicted for this year also improved market situation because of the better weather, according to the weather conditions in March and April of last year.
The opposition politician Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri, the clerics, led by the protest movement in Pakistan continues.
In the capital, Islamabad, about 1000 protesters stormed the government television channel PTV.
Informationsminister Pervaiz Rashid said, soldiers would have from the next opportunity but again Pilicą PTV-Gebäude.
The broadcaster said his operation for about 40 minutes, but now sends back.
At the same time, around 3000 demonstrators tried to the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a mile away that they were equipped with sticks and stones in clashes with security forces.
The police began firing tear gas.
The demonstrators were demanding Sharif's resignation, that rejects the but.
The army of the country that he warns us to a political solution of the conflict, "without wasting time and without the use of violence".
After a meeting at the headquarters of the military on Sunday evening said: "The Army remains committed to its role, to ensure the security of the state".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan, and already has more frequent coup.
The opposition politician Imran Khan blames Prime Minister Sharif, in the parliamentary election in May last year to have cheated.
The protests escalated over the weekend, after Khan and Qadri had called on their supporters to penetrate, Sharif residence.
There were three people had been killed.
Turkey ordered a diplomat because Spionageberichts
The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has the of the country's diplomats to information, a report on American and British surveillance in Turkey called in.
The Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said, however, that the US Embassy and Turkish chargé officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and The Intercept, the online magazine reported that the of the former US-Analysten of national safety agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey is a Haupttätigkeitsgebiet for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news outlets of the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the importance of the report, and said that all of the important countries apologise to each other.
An earlier report that even the most important, Germany's secret service, in its sights, Ankara had made for clear verärgertere reactions of the Turkish Government.
Warning strike: train drivers are threatening consequences for commuters
The nationwide train drivers on Monday evening, the dollar could also affect the movement in NW.
The for 18 to 21: 00 .xml-data Verkehrsgesellschaften Ausstand Honduras in all, including the national, regional and S-Bahn-Verkehr,,
The Hauptstoßrichtung of Warnstreiks is the freight transport.
Photo: A. Burgi/archive
The union said the Bezirksvorsitzende Gaspanic locomotive (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We expect substantial failures.
Regional priorities, there is not.
The Hauptstoßrichtung of Warnstreiks is the freight transport.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced, to do everything possible to minimize the impact.
The GDL have, however, not said where they wanted to strike, so that it is difficult to predict, the consequences in concrete terms.
Police chief of Magaluf of corruption charges
On Friday, the prosecutor in the office of the prosecutor, from the evidence of blackmail by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
The head of the police of Calvià on the holiday island of Mallorca after corruption charges was of business people and arrested in the notorious Barbesitzern Binge-Drinking-Hotspot Magaluf.
Hauptkommissar José Antonio Navarro was after corruption charges against him of several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street in which most of the bars and nightclubs of Magaluf, remanded in custody.
According to the Online-Tageszeitung Mallorca Diario legten the prosecutors in the office of the public prosecutor for corruption, as evidence of the island of Mallorca on Friday for blackmail by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
Two other Ortspolizisten were expelled by the Spanish Civil Guard in connection with the corruption charges has been arrested and will be questioned by a judge with Navarro.
The national Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that the front Nachtklubbesitzer aussagten, the nepotism of the authorities have a serious impact on their business.
"it's not about making money, it is about survival", said one of the businessmen in the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Made in Magaluf this summer because of a viral YouTube videos in the international headlines, 18, a British tourist, was shown on 24 men during a band fellatio.
Since then, tried to have the Inselbehörden misconduct alkoholisierter Betrügerbande in Magaluf to stop, by increasing the number of participants in the infamous alkoholgetränkten Kneipentouren was minimized.
The Playhouse club in which the Fellatiovorfall took place, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and Carnage Kneipentour-Organisator together a penalty of €55,000 ($73,000) have to pay.
The resort of Magaluf, especially in the case of the young British holidaymakers, is popular, is also known for a number of accidents, including those under the influence of the trend of "Balconing", in which people from one balcony to another, or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from the airport in Adelaide
The FRÜHLING Skye has a wintry surprise beschert, with fierce Schauern and strong winds, the flights from the airport to Adelaide from compromised.
In the evening until 9: 00 p.m. another 5mm of rain fell on the city, according to 6,6mm, already in the evening, niedergegangen.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stürmischer Schauer, including a Gusses, just before 8 p.m. and began for almost 4mm Niederschlag in about 10 minutes.
After the winter last week for an early dose of spring, had caused the temperatures fell in the city on Monday, again on a ceiling of just 15.8 ° C.
The böigen weather conditions have delayed the landing of a likely flight of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane would have to land shortly after 7: 30 p.m., was taken, however, of a Scherwind - a sudden change in the wind or -richtung over a short distance - and to the Grand Prix.
Strong gains at this point in time, about 50 km / h on the floor at the Adelaide Airport.
The flight, also showed that the aircraft had to approach at a second Grand Prix and, finally, somebody at about 20.40.
As a result, the Flugverzögerung led to the delay of some other flights, including a Emirates-Flugs from Dubai and a Quantas-Flugs from Sydney.
For Adelaide is on Tuesday a Höchsttemperatur of 16 ° C, with possible Schauern predicted.
Matthies says: it's time for the big Vernetzen
In the light of technical progress, the galloping home in our stylish comfort High-Tech-Schaltzentralen threatens to transform our columnist Bernd Matthies with a very familiar electronic accessories.
As I write this, my view on the Spiralkabel, the audience connects with the phone, and I think: how retro Boah, is that it?
But what is behind this is a consideration: if the cable, would not be in the shortest possible time all listeners herrenlos happier in the house, and that would still be significantly more retro.
Already is, of course, to the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typo: electronic) sector is the rule that the novelty of the electronic waste of tomorrow is, bought - out of date.
And who, for example, still in the living room has a CRT, which says only that he rejects that, in principle, on television.
Which is why these considerations?
Because we do the Ifa Andrängen radio tower, in this week of our absolute incompetence in questions of the electronics show.
To the layman, the washing machine and drive blind, was not even understand the purpose of the devices, which, with incredible eitlem Expertensprech spread before him: "connected home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promises us the press office.
Yes, it's still?
What should you talk with people, who appear to be of such voluntary Quark spread?
Basically, this is, of course, for some 20 years ago, is that we should be doing our house network.
So even the original order, the yoghurt to the Brandmelder on holiday in the Maldives, in the office, that it just burns.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if we from the office from the air conditioning in our early arrival...?
Yes, it is, however, an air conditioning.
But a dream will certainly soon be true: we raise our watch, say their according to "sucking!" - and at home, the Staubsaugroboter.
Misleading.
It all amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "the boundaries between white and brown goods and raunt a industry experts", the washing machine, you can connect with a set of headphones, the purchasing power of the weather and sending the Datenbrille indicates how long the pizza in the oven still needs, but what is of no use, because we in the traffic jam.
From the daily practice, we also know: if a neumodisches device really is needed, the battery is empty.
Which is another reason for this is that the Spiralkabel on the phone the next Funkausstellungen will survive.
Israeli children are returning after the war in Gaza in their schools.
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip in the schools returned home on Monday, after they had spent the summer in Luftschutzräumen Mörserbeschuss missile and, while their communities during the 50-tägigen war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza and the niederging schools remained closed, while the area of the fighting.
The Schulstart trouxe Raketeneinschusslöchern intricately-drawn communities in the south of Israel, a feeling of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, the staff of the "" -Kindergartens Pashosh, was hit by a rocket, before the arrival of the students in 1978 from the walls and Schiebewänden.
"we have a little bit of fear, but are excited", said Ronit beard, Anwohnerin in Kibbutz Saad and Englischlehrerin there.
Many of the children from our area urgently need to return to a routine.
Her 11-year old daughter Shani beard, said it felt "a bit weird", suddenly back in the school to go to.
"these were difficult times, and we are not at all out of the house", she said.
President Reuven Rivlin attended the Kibbutz near the border with Gaza, to offer his support.
The war until a cease-fire last week, thousands of residents of the Gerasimus Grenzgemeinden as Saad in their homes or left their homes to safer areas further away from Gaza and the missile and to avoid Mörserfeuer.
Many of the residents of Oz with detachable hood, a village near the border with Gaza, in which a 4-jähriger boy was killed by a Palestinian Mörsergranate, even with the return.
The Ministry of Education, said that about a dozen families had not yet returned.
For the time being, and their children were in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town in Gaza, the hard by Palestinian EoPSD is drawn.
He appealed to the children, a lot to learn, and said "we will make sure that their knowledge and offer you security".
Israel and Hamas have agreed on Tuesday on a unbefristeteten ceasefire.
The ceasefire provided for an immediate end to the fighting; important issues, however, remain unresolved, such as the call for Hamas to a lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and seaports in Gaza.
Israel wants the disarmament of Hamas and the handover of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is likely to begin in Egypt later this month.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least origin children, according to estimates by the Palestinians and the UN.
Israel denies this information and estimates that at least half of the slain fighters, however, is to put any concrete evidence for this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, was killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired rockets and mortar shells fired by the 4.591 during the fighting on Israeli towns, most of them in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military has led to more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gazagebiet and about 250,000 people in more than 100 UN-Schulen sought refuge in temporary shelters, which have been rebuilt.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the Schutzräumen and the struggles continue, the Bildungsbehörden last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school is open again soon, so that we can continue to learn, in the same way as the children in the world and the Jewish children", said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, which, at the moment, in a school in Gaza.
After election in Saxony: CDU-Vize Strobl is challenging NPD-Verbotsverfahren
In the light of the NPD in 3.400.000 Stimmenverluste has CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl for an end to the current NPD-Verbotsverfahrens before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl, should the current proceedings before the Constitutional Court, the NPD.
"the NPD is doing worse than last time", said Scheck, who is also a CDU-Landeschef in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger ages".
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development, the more I come to the conclusion that the NPD politically and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD was at the time of the vote on Sunday is just the Fünf-Prozent-Hürde failed.
A first attempt for a ban on the extreme right-wing party in 2003 was a failure, because the Verfassungsschutz was also in the NPD-Spitze informants.
In December 2013, the Federal Council after a long preparation for a new application in Karlsruhe.
The Federal Government and the Bundestag, do not.
Harburg: tents for new refugees
The Neuländer place, refugees are now housed in tents.
The Headquater Erstaufnahme for refugees in Harburg, bursting out of the seams.
Now, the Innenbehörde three tents set up next to the Red Cross.
The Bezirkspolitiker were only informed shortly before - they are hardly enthusiastic about it.
"these Hauruck-Aktionen continue to stoke the citizens and give the Vorbehalte Bezirkspolitikern no way to constructive on the humane accommodation of the refugees to participate", says about Britta Herrmann, of the group chairmen of the Greens in the Harburger Bezirksversammlung.
Her party, demanding that the Bezirksverwaltung Harburg, currently unused houses on the accommodation available.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for the overcrowding in the Erstaufnahme are the rush of needing help - and the fact that the authorities did not have enough places in late can deploy.
Many of the refugees remain longer than the regular three months.
The house prices have the strongest Winteranstieg in seven years, shows a largely unobserved index.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital, rose 1.1 percent in August, so the RP-Daten from Monday.
This increase is the Gesamterhöhung in June, July and August, at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual increase in prices stood at 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
The Research Director of RP Data, Tim Lawless, said that a market system, Sydney and Melbourne.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney last year to 16.1 per cent in Melbourne, on the other hand, increased to 11.7 per cent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where the prices are, on average, about five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale is that of Canberra, the cutbacks in government spending has been hard hit, and where the prices over the course of the year increased by only 1.4 per cent.
Mr Lawless said further that, with the 'now for the next few months, a rise in the sale of the property would be to observe the market "a real test".
"if you have a high rate of Auktionspreise, generally considered a rapid rate and the low Zinsumgebung constantly, it is likely that home prices in the next three months will continue to rise", he said.
In a statement to the press, it contradicts statements of CEO Peer Medau and attested to this, "like a tapestry" to pose.
The style of the university that was not, it says in the communication.
So the family was already "in the middle of June, Medau orally about the aspiration of the university have been informed.
The statement that the plans were known only in July, are definitely wrong, "so Pötzl.
At the same time, he refers to the fact that it is not in the plans to "Vorfestlegungen or even decisions", it is, however, "preferences".
Also the access necessary for the expansion of the narrow road up to the castle is less dramatic than the Medaus feared.
Of the nine metres wide road was, and is, not the speech.
It goes to the current state to 5.50 meters, that is a metre wider than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument that their Stacchus Medau-Betreiber schuleigenen parking in the future and will only be used by students from the University of Applied Sciences, wants to let Pötzl do not apply.
Zugeparkt is not at all, because, as with other public car parks now intelligent can solve.
Think of the residents
The nursery Bergwichtel, on the site, which is located on the doorstep and along the access route to the scanners would lead, according to the Hochschulpräsidenten "should not be compromised".
Rather, it is to be remembered, "that this is not just about the nursery, but also about the people living along the river to the 800 students Friedrich-Streib-Straße and the neighbouring Primary School.
It's so much more than the vested interests of the gentlemen ", Medau Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the Elternbeirats the nursery, with the construction of the road would be one of the few natural spots Coburgs lost was "justified", the reader can decide for themselves. "
At the beginning of October Pötzl will together with the State Public Works of the councillors on the structural development of the university DreamTents "by 2020 and, in this regard, the importance of the new Überhäufung address".
Peer Medau had last week, the parents of the nursery on the plans of the university informed.
According to the airfield for the new scanners do not like so far about the campus and the Friedrich-Streib-Straße, but about the Medau-Berg.
So that would have to be the narrow road about a kilometre in length will be upgraded.
According to the projections of the Medaus would get the traffic in the park of the chateau at Hohenfels it tenfold.
Of about 2000 vehicles every day is the speech.
On the part of the city if they want not to comment on the project so far.
From Handball-Nationalmannschaft Glandorf is back
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the DHB-Team.
The 31-jährige Bundesligisten SG Flensburg-Handewitt resulted from this decision, above all, health problems.
The decision is not easy for me, it is matured over the course of several months.
For me, it is time to listen to the signals my body and my career in the national team to finish, "said the world champion of 2007 on its Facebook page.
It is therefore with a track record of 167 friendlies and 576 goals for Germany in the international retirement.
Because the wurfgewaltige Rückraumspieler Champions-League-Sieger from Flensburg for a number of years on Torejagd wants to go to, he is now the new head coach Dagur Sigurdsson is no longer available.
With the Icelanders, of his squad on Tuesday for the playing against Switzerland, led a Glandorf announces "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches have me just as enthusiastic, as long as my players and my successors.
But for my club, I would also like to in the next few years, healthy, are available for the necessary grondplan Regenerationspausen, not allowing the current burden.
Had the left-handed in 2012 after a Ferseninfektion, fear not.
Because he had Achillessehnenproblemen Teamärzten of the German Handballbundes (DHB) with a Cortisonspritze treatment, which later triggered a strong inflammation.
A festhalte and two more procedures followed.
Then had a complaint against the Mannschaftsarzt Glandorf, announced that the dispute ended with a settlement.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years Nationalmannschaftskarriere go to any body spurlos over.
I have a few health building sites, I can no longer ignore.
After the three infektionsbedingten Fußoperationen 2012 in the short intervals Eldre my blood pressure, I have never really got to grips with.
Here are some other verschleißbedingte complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year, I have noticed that I have control over my head, but my body can not fool, "explained in an interview with the magazine" Glandorf handball Time ".
For a comeback, it would be available only in an absolute emergency.
"if all the cords, I am always gesprächsbereit", explained the double family man the Fachmagazin.
I can, however, the years in which I still can play handball, on the fingers of one hand.
I also have to say that, after my long hospital in 2012 also become quite humble I am, what my health is concerned.
After my career, I would like to just go, at least to some extent.
In addition to the world title in 2007 and winning the Champions League in 2014, he did in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (DRAWERS EHF-Pokal).
In 2012, he secured the Cup and, furthermore, with the 1-1.
German economy to have shrunk by 0.2 per cent in the spring
The crises around the world, the German economy in the second quarter.
The gross domestic product dropped from April until the end of June 2014 compared to the prior quarter to 0.2 per cent.
The company said in a statement with the Federal Statistical Office and confirmed that preliminary calculations.
Only the consumption the economy rokovnjači in spring, while the investment fall.
Also, the foreign trade, the economy braked.
Thanks to the strong Jahresauftakts results for the first half of the year as a whole of 0.8 percent compared to a BIP-Plus in the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the aim of the "Münsterland-Mooiste" on Sunday, the first time by the Burgmannsstadt.
The Burgmannstadt Horstmar on Sunday an invasion of the Dutch "Fietzenfahrer".
The largest derailleurs NTFU, of the Netherlands, the so-called "Münsterlande-Mooiste".
This is the largest handet cross-country bike ride, the Prinzipalmarkt Radfahrerparadies close to the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants the sensation with their registration at zfd ter Huerne for the organisation of this tour through the Prinzipalmarkt.
Published in various journals was interested in this tour.
We come from Den Helder and are over night in order to participate in this tour.
We would, in this way, the Prinzipalmarkt also know even closer, "Ehricht the cyclists on the route through the circles of Steinfurt, Westphalia and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the glassware Schützenbruderschaft Sta.
"it was on a small" Paris-Roubaix "through the city over the Wall, where the launch took place.
Further, the route for the three different categories was, in the direction of Herrenholz Schöppinger over the mountain and over the direction of Coesfeld in Havixbeck Billerbeck Horstmar and back.
On the routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 m elevation, 120 kilometres with "Willis-Faber pathways and 145 miles with Noah's Ark pathways proved the cyclists their good physical condition.
They were on the road, in Havixbeck Hells and Billerbeck.
Hauptorganisator zfd ter Huerne and Bürgermeisterstellvertreter Heinz Lölfing showed up on the success of this Radsport-Events very pleased.
We are happy and it was a great experience for all involved.
The organisation passed without problems and there were no adverse events, "Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not so many participants, as the organizers had hoped, presumably on the weekend of 7th and on the morning rain.
"we look forward to seeing you back in, in 2015, I hope, beautiful weather, on 30 August, or during one of the other weekend", promised the cyclists but, yet again, and the organizers are planning Prinzipalmarkt ruggenti a 5.0.67.
Konstantin Weckers and honest memoir
It is actually more philosophical testimony as a biography, what Konstantin alarm clock, singer politsicher, pacifist, activist, an ex-prisoner, in "monk and warriors" on 287 pages of paper.
Not in chronological order, but more for the Gedankenfetzen Gedankenfetzen on June 1, 1947, born in Munich in his memoirs, each chapter taken by a suitable lyrics.
And to be honest it is defensive: from the Onanie as a high school student to the shoplifting and drug use he is no human weakness.
Also, to show tolerance, as he himself learned in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Broad space are also abstract, but all the more important concepts: love, soul, ego, Being in the now, spirituality - all of which he is trying to get to the bottom of the issue, to go on a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he explains his pacifism, his social criticism, his political commitment - and also how it has shaped not only the music (the Opernliebhaber was between the rock musician), but also his quitting.
The latter has the alarm clock is also fond of Constantine in the ascetic monk, the "subtraction" is, as he says, "by Unnötige weglässt everything".
Between all the hochgeistigen views but there are also short anecdotes to earth: for example, over a beer in a bar frequented by the crazy helpeld or, in the case of a tree face it head-on.
And also because he is honest.
Lenny Henry: my father never took me in the arm.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family jamaikanischer immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, he worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry Carioca for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, the partly on an imaginary conversation with his father, and from the series is based on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively tunes.
But Henry has had to work through some difficult Kindheitsmomente.
He visited "many" therapies after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
We never saw his face, only heard his voice: 'with the blowup.
Don't let your sister in peace and quiet.
Provided you!
I want to look at the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up, when I was a child - went with him in the pub and talked about things, such as the shape of the Bierglases or the beauty of a Cricketschlags.
I have never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, he was this serious guy in the corner, read the newspaper.
Henry recently opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than in the times of his father, he won but an insight into how life must have been like for him.
It's a little brighter, but they are dark, smoky, deep stygische Flammenstößen maze with smoke and soot, and much more.
My father used to simply put in the bath and then you could hear him slowly, as he started to sing, because he was able to wash the foundry.
Irish as I was there, I was clear that he had done this for many years, in order to put food on the table, and my respect for him has been greater.
However, Henry as a child who grew up without his parents Liebesbezeugungen.
My father never embraced me, never, he said, "I love you".
It was only when my mother at the end of her life was bad, we started to, "I love you, I love you, I love you" to say.
By his own daughter, Billie, with Dawn French, he was able to share the love as a child, he had gone missing.
Could you with the "I love you" stop?
Listen to me, however, to hug!!!
Dad, I'm 22!!!
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still a French friend, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henrys own mother was diabetic.
This contributed to her death.
So when I was very, very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said "you have to be radical.
So I moved this Fitnessding through and also had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It's very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
No one eats like carrots.
Henrys Karrierewechsel shows, perhaps, in his elegant, kurzgeschnittenen Bart.
Since he retired from the critics for his Othello was lauded by the theatre, he is captured.
It was followed by The comedy of errors, and then adhesive of August Wilson.
It's a different experience than the comedies, such as "the busy working life have to be filled out.
He started with just 16 years ago, when he worked in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage, as he people imitierte and wrote to New Faces on him.
His Fernsehkarriere began in the 1970s. "I was for a long time the only black impersonator / comedian on television".
He learned in the profession.
I had to not only before the eyes of the public, but will also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I could be an efficient Witze-Erzähl-Maschine through the television, while I was a star, and that was really difficult.
Lenny on New Faces in 1975.
As his manager the Bühnenrecht at the Black and White minstrel show Ganzenberg, a light entertainment programme, in which the "black people", said Henry anmalten his comedy there about five years on.
My family was very unpleasant.
I wish somehow, it never would have happened, but I regret that I did not have.
It was a weird, unpleasant position for me, but I worked on Riesenprojekten with and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "Wieloletnie award-winning light pillar of the British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people".
Through the introduction of the figures, the British black culture both deride as SAMAVAYO Henry in the Eighties, he worked on an alternative Comedykreis.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show went on show in 1984, and in the 1990s, he was, among other things, as the chef Gareth Blacklock in the unmentionables, boss!.
Advertising, documentaries, and TV and film is dominated by the next decade, but after his BBC-Serie LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "what are you doing next, Len, it is because they are all so feeling, when you have the time, or only around trittst a little on the spot".
Then came a documentary for Radio 4, entitled What's So Great About...?
The first episode was about Shakespeare.
I was virtually allergic to Shakespeare.
I was in the school never really learned something about him and kept him mostly for a preserve of the middle class, White in tights and a Kohlkopf WordReference front.
So I had a great fear.
To all the people we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "you should give it a try.
Make it not bad, if you do not know what you are talking.
Pick a few of the words in your mouth, and you will understand why we are all so love Shakespeare.
Henry led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary, and he was so excited about it.
I had the feeling that I could do this.
It's almost as if somebody gave me the head finally set up correctly.
"that is what it is, it is a serious matter, take them seriously, get your text, a bit chaotic.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece before we made it for months.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and that is simply not happening.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre, and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed". "
There was a technical mistake and Henry felt instinctively that he needs to talk to the audience.
"a little voice said to me" you will have to bridge is now 10 minutes, while the computer reparieren. ""
Instead, he announced that the idea of the Bühnenleiter April, as soon as the problem was resolved.
I went from the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God".
It's not my responsibility.
I can leave it to someone else.
"you're playing in a play, so stay in your role".
Henry in adhesive on the Duchess Theatre
The text for the adhesive to learn was demanding.
Panic is very good, this reinforces the tendons.
Also this was good, so it is like a big sign of the gods, I say "here is your destiny". "
He says that, of course, with a thundering voice.
So I maintain.
I love the really.
I love it, to be in a Probenraum.
Henry, but still the head of a comedian - our conversation is of humorous outbreaks, while it is always people imitated.
I have decided to not to make Stand-up-Comedy, because I think that this kind of immediate satisfaction of a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for, one that swearing in front of a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo on, if I want to have, but, overall, there is not as much as before.
I ask him whether he ever will again make a Stand-up-Comedytour.
The fun of it, I was in a room with a director, the help you have a beginning, a middle, and the end of a journey to form - I do not believe that I would like to give up ever again.
So here is the new incarnation?
I think it is.
I am quite an actor.
It's fun.
You can always tell a story, and this is great.
I love stories.
The people love stories.
Rebels in Yemen's capital, blocking roads.
In the conflict between the Yemeni government and Shiite rebels, the Houthis have to civil disobedience in the capital, Sana'a.
On Monday the central Huthi-Anhänger would have occupied roads in Sanaa, said a spokesman for the Ansar al-Sharia Huthi-Partei "Allah".
Also the access route to the Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media reports of a chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper, "Riyadh Anziehungskraft Huthi-Führer Abdulmalik al-Huthi" had on Sunday evening to the measures.
Huthi threatened, according to the newspaper, with a further escalation of the conflict, if his demands are not met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for more autonomy from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and calling for the resignation of the government.
The tribe of the Huthi besieged for nearly two weeks, the Yemeni capital.
Around 30,000 rebels have the large Protestlager Zufahrtswegen of Sana'a.
In the surrounding area there are still bloody battles with the Yemeni army.
Kenya officials registered, in order to "curb Geisterangestellte"
Kenya has begun to all civil servants to register, in order to "biometrisch Geisterangestellte" from the crime bosses of the government to delete it.
Employees in the next two weeks, would not register no longer paid, was a Regierungsmitteilung.
The government believed that thousands of people, even after their departure from the public service still Gehaltszahlungen.
President Uhuru Mr Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013, to combat corruption in the public service.
In a test at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month in payments for "Geisterangestellte" and other abusive Finanzpraktiken were lost.
The government believed that salaries continue to be paid out on accounts, after a person has died or the public service leaves, Wanyama Chebusiri reported for the BBC from the capital, Nairobi.
All civil servants must now, in the next two weeks at Identifikationszentren appear, in order to ensure that their data on the biometric registration will be included in a Regierungsnachricht, was told.
All this is not without a credible excuse would do would be removed from the payroll, was the message.
"this action will significantly contributed to the rationalisation of the public service, the actual number of civil servants is found, and also on the payroll for the two levels of government will be - it will be the" Geisterangestellten "eliminated", said Anne Waiguru, the Kabinettssekretärin in the ministry for decentralisation and planning.
The scandal of the Kunstberater Helge Achenbach is on 11 November for the first time before the courts.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the Aldi-Gründers Theo Albrecht, are calling for, in a suit filed at the Düsseldorf court 19.4 million euros in damages from Achenbach and two of his companies, which are reflected in the insolvency proceedings.
The company said in a statement on Monday with a Gerichtssprecherin.
In the Complaint, Achenbach is said to have during the purchase of works of art and classic betrogen and Berthold Albrecht, in fact, be higher than the prices charged.
This is also more than the agreed fee.
Achenbach voted for 121 million euros for Albrecht bought Skræling.
Children in need of roots and wings
He was 44 years in the profession, and of these, 23 as a head teacher.
From this time the judge knows many joint ventures and BERNARD-Group Petershausener Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always worn by his quest to see the students to the people.
The žka is the most famous mountain in the Karkonosze Mountains.
Manfred judges loves the paintings with the subject from his home.
Judge was born in 1930 in Trautenau / Bohemia Trutnov, today.
At 14 he became interested after four years of high school for the teaching-says.
A year later, and the Sudeten Germans have been expropriated.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp in 1946, it was after - in the boxcar.
So stunned it judges the oberfränkische Senkendorf.
The Hochschule took place in Bamberg.
The judge, Manfred had to six times per week ten kilometres to the nearest railway station, take the train to Bamberg, three kilometres across the whole city to go to school and in the evening.
After two months in a Rot-Kreuz-Heim ottenne BERNARD-Group judges in Bamberg be used: together with up to 15 classmates in a dormitory.
In 1951, he made the first, and after three years moment-followed Lehramtsanwärter the second exam.
There is no free teacher Kulmbach for him, after he had competed in Bavaria and arrived at the 1st November 1954, at the school in Kollbach.
The "Fräulein-Zimmer" was his first "tied accommodation" in the school building.
In 1958 he moved to in the neuerbauten Lehrerhaus Drei-Zimmer-Dienstwohnung next to the school.
This house bought in 1980, after the judge BERNARD-Group school Kollbach was disbanded in 1968.
Until then, it was in Kollbach Schulverband Petershausen-Kollbach in three classes and in Petershausen five.
From the beginning of the school year in 1968 / 69 this Galaton Petershausen in today's City Hall.
As the Schulverband Indersdorf was founded, remained the primary school in the village.
In the now Rückstufung to a smaller school, moved to escape the then chancellor Jiřího Sigl after Karlsfeld BERNARD-Group - and judges was his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and so were the children and their teachers from September 1982 to today's construction, the judge was expanded in 1997 after retirement.
Manfred judges praised the generosity of the then mayor galvination-painting Ludwig Götz, the Gemeindekosten in addition to a fire in the basement of the enlargement and in 1997, despite the fact that according to the guidelines for Schulbauten zuschussfähig was not.
"mayor Götz was very schulfreundlich", recalled the judge obliged.
In his whole career has never been the speech BERNARD-Group judges, one of the forgotten on a presentation of a Schulrates on law and justice had replied: "you must never forget the love", the judge, Manfred, to what he had heard as a young teacher.
"it has to be the children of the two things in this connection: roots and wings", says the 84-Jährige today.
And he had to learn: "the not always possible". if he as only his students or just his own six children says that is not very clear.
In any case, the judge was doing sometimes unconventional.
If students are beat, they got from him about a the and were also ordered not to the busted.
At the expense of the community had two pairs of Boxhandschuhe judges needed to leave and let the two opposing parties compete against each other, even if it should be a 2015.
For the sake of the school as to judge a good relationship with the then Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This moved the partyless judges after his retirement in 1996, at least as a last on the CSU-Liste for the council to stand for election.
But the judge was shifting strategy to place six of the Christian Social Union (CSU) and joined in.
180 kilometres in three days
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists from the Kurpark Bad Salzhausen riponete and Scots stopovers a
If cyclists on their tour in Bad Salzhausen rest or Scots, that is, in itself, nothing special.
On Friday, however, made only the number of Rastenden impression: the 700 participants, including the hr4-Radtour Begleittross enjoyed a break in the lower part of the spa gardens of Bad Salzhausen, and later a party under the open sky in Schottener Alteburgpark.
Under the motto "Kitzbüheler Alpen and celebrate on newly discovered ways between Oberschmitten Kinzig" and had the participants on Thursday in Bad Vilbel, and there met a concert by Van Baker & band.
On Friday it was serious: the Paprikarahm took part in the first stage, the 60 kilometres over Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and on to Scots in attack.
In Bad Salzhausen, mayor of the athletes in the in Bad Vilbel seum, with the bike mitgestartet was, and the head of the Eigenbetriebs Bad Salzhausen, Lesviots Schwing-Döring, Stockstadt.
The refreshment of body and spirit was all kinds of good things have been prepared: the farm and from Ranstadt Nieder-Mockstadt had 85 sheets, apple, Zwetschen- Streusel- and baked, the passions of the wonderful Radlern mundeten.
"such cakes can only farm BackHits, praised" a participant from Aulendiebach, while another piece of Airways.
At the refreshment stand of the Turnvereins Geiß-Nidda could be cold refreshments erstanden.
The "Duo Bravo" led the visitors with well-known tunes from operettas and musicals, and ear-bendings enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful setting of the park was relaxing.
Moreover, our feet represent a Mr enjoyed one of his partner: "he has, after all, he already attached abgesprungene Fahrradketten again".
Meanwhile, the Mayor of the city and had the Betriebsleiterin: they were still working on the fountain in front of the Trinkkurhaus Rainer Janke interviewed by reporters and took advantage of the opportunity for Bad Salzhausen, on the radio.
Also Promotionchef Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4-Radtour Tourleiter in 2004, was only able to run short, he had plenty of with the technology in place to do so.
His Pickup-Truck, in which he was using three phones and a SSB-transceiver with his staff and the police in Hesse 15-köpfigen Motorradstaffel kommunizierte Facebook-Einträge Frank-The Weddingplanner, and wrote a check that was also needed.
"the majority of the participants come from the Rhine-Main-Region", he said, "but also from choreos or EDGUY, from 7pm or the Taunus, and even from many cities in Westphalia are cyclists angereist.
The number of participants is a bit after the available Übernachtungskapazitäten.
In category I, participants will be accommodated in hotels, in category II in Sammelunterkünften.
The resort had a good impression of the cyclist, as they departed again after one and a half hours: "bye!"
"it was nice in Bad Salzhausen winkten burgrave!" to them.
After arriving in Scotland was allowed a short temporary respite for the group.
But in the evening were the Paprikarahm in the idyllic Alteburgpark.
Under the direction of the Schottener society for tourism and Stadtmarketing (GTS), the park is a nice family and, of course, had you dedicate festivalstuff, such as tarte flambée with good of Federweißer prepared.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-Geschäftsführer Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-Vorsitzender Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his capacity as a member of the board of directors of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased about the "many operations in Scotland".
DJ Tobias Hagen, then the Tanzbühne free.
For the occasion, was moving in the open air, despite the sporting activity on the bike are used.
Among the guests are increasingly Westhellas the citizens, of the good mood, as well as the large crowd were done, the number of cyclists.
On the second day were the stations for the cyclists, Wächtersbach Birstein and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres Radelns, met the athletes in Bad Vilbel again.
Dozens of Turkish police officers because of "conspiracy" against the government arrested
A total of 33 police officers were in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government" were arrested, local Medienagenturen.
The police gave no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 senior police officers, reports the Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were on the corruption against government employees, including four government minister last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers arrested, because they allegedly organised criminal association founded and had tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (the then Prime Minister was) described their actions as part of the activities of the Islamist clerics Fethulla Güllen against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in the Ukraine are in the school.
Schools opened almost anywhere in the Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk Arsenij parents brought his daughter to the school.
There, he told waiting journalists that not all the schools had reopened, but that he was determined to resolve the land for future generations to defend:
The Septemberfeiern were not held in every school.
The sky is not anywhere on the Ukraine peacefully.
We need to fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of the Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian Peoples' Front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Pastukhow Aleksan, head teacher of the school in Slawjansk, the Jazenjuks daughter attended, spoke Russian.
We hope that here at long last there is peace, and that the children receive an education, they will be useful in another life.
The first day of the new school year, is traditionally celebrated with the children wear embroidered shirts, balloons in the hands of their teachers and give flowers.
With Rona Fairhead, the BBC is perhaps the great director, found the needs it.
You will meet with a proud Ruhmesschleppe from the banking world, the Institute and the inner circle of the Tory one.
And it has its own Fronterfahrung.
Her career began at the global Managementberatungsunternehmen Bain and Co., which is what they are to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media of Pearsons www.diedruckerei.de.
It was seven years, President and CEO of the Financial Times and resigned as the top post of Pearsons carrier to a younger male colleagues.
Their compensation was allegedly almost £1 million.
Also their political ranking is solid.
It was David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, is recommended, as this to more private Kenntnissen in Whitehall; it was an advisor to the cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
Back in May, I described the task of the Chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: to the inside on the first guard of own Managementhierarchie in the BBC, but also as a voice of public concern and anxiety, if things go wrong.
The result is an almost unsustainable duopoly, that after a full comprehensive reform.
But what new incoming chairman, it would risk everything, and an institution auseinanderzunehmen, which is so complex, such as a Chinese dynasty, while he himself to his job.
It's a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, there are still many keen to see the BBC reduced - power, money, and status.
While the competition is closer to the old and new technologies, and threaten the security, is the upcoming negotiation of the royalties for the BBC with special dangers.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year is buying the British public, I am sure that the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: she says that they reached 96 per cent of all households, and each of them only 40 pence per day costs.
And the BBC seem to be rising in popularity on the back up again: 53 percent support them today, compared to 31 per cent 10 years ago.
The binocular and websites for the BBC have changed: I get Vestdijk Nachrichtenschlagzeilen on my mobile and I missed my iPlayer programmes later on.
But it remains a very beloved and significant institution.
It needs a leader - I hope she has found him.
Perry says that Texas herabsetzender tweet was not authorized
A tweet from the official account of the Republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a herabsetzende comment about the democratic Bezirksstaatsanwältin, are at the heart of a criminal indictment against him for abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted and through a different account of Perry, who replaced the previous abstritt.
It is just a tweet from my account from had been sent, I was not authorized.
"I do not subscribe to the tweet and have it removed", it said in the message.
Employees of Perry did not immediately reply to requests for comments.
Although the tweets from the official account, Perry was not clear as to who actually used in the feed.
In the earlier tweet was an image of the Bezirksstaatsanwältin of Rosemary Lehmberg, the Travis County, drawn in April 2013, because of drunken driving has been convicted.
Perry put a veto against a financial promotion of their offices, as they refused to resign, leading to a charge against Perry - perhaps the 2016 presidential candidate could be - in front of a grand jury in Austin this month.
The text of the tweets reads: "I will not always drunk with the triple permitted Alkoholspiegel... but when I do, I wish Governor Perry, if he is ausplaudert".
I am the betrunkenste democrat in Texas.
Lehmbergs office was not with the direction of the investigation into the grand jury against Perry.
This was a special prosecutor, Michael McCrum, from San Antonio, led by a Republican judge was selected.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the indictment a political ploy.
His high-class team of Rechtsbeiständen applied for with the judge on the case, rejected the charges and argued that the law against the Court of Appeal, with the governor in the history of the state of Texas, is vague and diffuse unverfassungsgemäß action will be taken.
Perry stopped the $7.5 million in state funds to the Public Integrity Unit of the Travis County in the state - and is in cases of government corruption in Texas - identified as Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto was for a public complaint from a linksstehenden Watchdog-Gruppe.
Perry of the official account is frequently updated - and sometimes famous.
After he wins the Wahlversammlungen in Iowa during his presidential run in fifth place, was completed in 2012, Perry on speculation that he will stop by a tweet of a photo of the jogging near a lake x11, with the words "we come South Carolina!!!"
Berkeley said housing market again for "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London also pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England "returned to a normal level again".
Homes in the capital, were the subject of enormous price rises stooltest-result desires and what the Bank of England because of the widespread fear of a credit bubble, in June to set limits for mortgage lending.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of the high quality contractor Berkeley said on Monday: "since the beginning of the current Finanzjahrs, the market is back to normal Transaktionsniveaus returned since the peak in 2013", and added that this was a "stable Handlungsumgebung" offer.
The housing market in London was well established during the downturn, as foreign buyers in the capital.
According to information of the Katasteramts are the prices in the city in the past year alone, to 18.5%, far more than the average rise in England and Wales as a whole.
The average sales prices in private, affordable and Berkeleys student reisenet.com rose by about a fifth in the past year and, at the end of April to £423.000.
A stronger pound has, however, in the last few months in London property less attractive for foreign buyers - some of them are also, by the introduction of new Immobiliensteuern and political rhetoric about a possible "Villensteuer" before the general election next May have been deterred.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the Hypothekenmarktbericht for April, in the tougher Kreditvergaberegelungen have been presented, also in the second half of the year to lower growth, as in the case of both the property prices would lead.
New data from the Bank of England on Monday, show a decline in the Hypothekenbewilligung in July, which also indicates that the housing market cools.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, re-synchronized his prediction for the increase in house prices in London for 2015, down to 3%, on the basis of a still-weakened Hauspreisbewußtseins already.
The transaction limit in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington is now a year for year after year, has fallen by a quarter, so the real estate agent WA Ellis.
However, it is the desire for a home in the capital for Berkeley a blessing, because the outstanding amounts for Terminverkäufe to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "the demand for the right, well planned product at the best locations remained stable and as a result are also the Terminverkäufe remained stable".
In June, the company reported that it 3.742 new homes in the year to the end of April, had sold - almost a third more than the peak in 2007, before the crisis.
The annual Vorsteuerergebnis rose 40 per cent on the year to £280 million, the sales by 18% to £1.6 billion.
In a statement on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr Pidgley said that revenue in the current year for Berkeley, is expected to reflect the current market expectations.
The analysts estimate in the annual Vorsteuerergebnis to £450 million.
Berkeley-Aktien were on the afternoon trade in London at £23,96.
By Jennifer Lawrence] by hackers published on Internet
Jennifer Lawrence appeared on the 85th promotes micro-lending.
The Oscarpreisträgerin Jennifer Lawrence] have been published online by a hacker, claimed that a "Masterliste" of images to have another 100 unattached.
A representative of the stars from "The Tribute of panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence and lamented the hackers really are because of "flagrant violation of privacy".
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those, the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence weiterposten.
The photos, which was originally to have been posted on the photosharing site 4chan, were allegedly through a gap in the icloud Online-Speichersystem by Apple. "of the alleged" Masterliste Hackingopfer includes the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Digital, told Buzzfeed.
It is not certain how many of the images are real, even though Winstead, Star of "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"to those of you who look at the pictures, my husband and I had several years ago in a private setting of our house have included - and I hope that you are really pleased with yourselves", Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" argued, however, that the photos to images of her that tweetete "This so-called naked and I are counterfeit, people.
Let's do the same to the kopš pun intended. * * * * * *.
Buzzfeed reported late on Sunday, a spokesman for the pop star Ariana Grande of the authenticity of the alleged photos of her abstritt.
An exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobsons hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter "J".
You, so you could zerflossen best describe it, it's like a cardboard-I, slowly on the one in the rain has let stand.
Occasionally, he said, a woman he is said to be too serious, intense, exhausting, and maybe something from kratzbürstig.
And then shook him by the hand.
Kratzbürstig knew it.
He was, as in hedgehog stachelig, yes.
The last victim of this Stacheligkeit was just starting an affair, the more promising for a lessening of the lonely, bored of his life than would otherwise have been, and maybe even a certain satisfaction.
Ailinn acquisition was a trembling zarte beauty with flapping of hair and a heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more isolated and rougher than Port Reuben.
It was with an older companion to the south, the Kevern for her aunt, and a plot of land in a damp but heavenly valley, appropriately called the Paradise Valley had inherited.
Over the course of several years, no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were leck, in the bathrooms, there were spiders, harvested my potatoes had left their mark on all windows and thought that they belong to all of this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds, such as huge Kohlköpfe looked.
It was like the house from a Kindermärchen, threatening both how tempting, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" on the Longlist for the Valesova booker prize 2014.
The shorltist will be announced in the coming week.
Kevern and Ailinn händchenhaltend had broken on the sun loungers sat in the high grass and an unusually warm Frühlingsnachmittag. both had enjoyed the Dienstkonsole eingeklinkt geistesabwesend in the country, with soothing music and soothing news, than the sight of their brown legs crossed to him, an old song of a long forgotten black entertainer, was reminded of his father during the closed shutters in the home had.
Your feet are too big.
On the basis of their neat songs of this kind of aggression were not played more on the console.
Not banned - nothing was so right - simply not played.
It has been successful, as the word obsolesziert obsoleszieren.
The general flavour of what rules, edicts and never have done, and how the people in the books, and the erstwhile Vom-Tellerwäscher-zum-Millionär-Memoiren Liebesromane, so they choose the music the Balllades.
In the euphoria of the day began to play an imaginary piano Kevern and in a grob-komischen serenade Ailinns big feet to sing.
Ailinn is not understood.
"this was a well known song of a Jazzpianisten Waller called anyplace", he told her, and put two fingers to his lips automatically.
That his father had always done to the letter J to stop, before he came out of his mouth.
It was a game between him and his father started, when he was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, as he was told.
If you have a word with a J, start without two fingers on your lips, it costs you a penny.
It was not a very fun game, and it was also not very funny.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn Antunovits had never heard.
Jazz was, even if he was not directly prohibited, not played.
The Improvisieren was not more modern.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
The people at the start of a melody to be quite sure, where it would end.
As well as the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was afrikanischer ausgedrückter mind.
Even though he was 10 years old, without of Sammy Davis Junior heard of Kevern, knew something about jazz of the half the secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to explain that not anyplace Ailinn, Waller was black.
At their age, they probably could not remember a time, in the Popsänger were not black.
Again, no laws or constraints.
A guessed society meant that every element of this society based on the principle of the grateful Gruppenbegabung agreed - grateful as the fate spared.
People with afro-karibischer origin were by temperament and physique for entertainment and sport, so she sang and ran.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent, as well as by the nature of electronic means were blessed with talent and with the task, to ensure that no family without functioning Diensttelefon remained.
What was left of the Polish community, took care of the sewers; what was left of the Greeks, zerschlug on-teller.
Those from the Gulf and the Levant, whose grandparents had not left the country quickly as Mahler GESCHEHEN WHAT IT TAKES GESCHEHEN geschah- Mahler, for fear of being accused of Feuerschürens, out of fear that the flames, and even they would be next as конкурсов Labneh- and Shisha-Pfeifen-Restaurants - had opened, and were given with the inaction depressed.
Each according to his abilities.
Because they had heard only Balllades Ailinn, it was difficult to understand how the offensive words, you just had the Kevern vorgesungen, could be set.
Music was an expression of love.
"they are not really insulting", said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too great.
My father has never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the false sense of security.
The acoustic insulation could not overcome the huge kohlartigen leaves.
Ailinn is still not understood.
Why would something like this should be your father love?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, hesitated, however, in their present two finger to the lips.
You already thought that he was a bit odd.
"it seemed to him", he said, laughing.
She shook her head in disbelief and versperrte Keverns point of view.
There have been all over the world, nothing else to see, as their ungekämmtes rabenschwarzes hair.
There was nothing, what he would want to see.
"if you can say", my it without conviction.
But this still does not explain why you want it to be me vorsingst.
You seemed to be worried, to be honest.
My feet are too big?
He saw once again.
Your feet so directly.
Perhaps your ankles, a little bit...
And you say, you hate me, because my ankles are too fat?
You hate?
Of course, I do not hate you.
That is, after all, only the stupid song.
He would have been able to say "I love you", but it was still too early.
"your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you give me gefällst", he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
It is not correct.
It was supposed to be funny.
If he was trying to be funny, he was often in trouble, because he, like his father did not have the soothing charm, needed to overcome the inherent cruelty you have to ride.
Perhaps his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be, Kevern,.
In spite of its kind eyes.
Ailinn acquisition was red and arose from their deck chair, threw to the console and buried the wine that they had drunk.
Holunderblütenwein was drunkenness, so no excuse for him.
In their excitement, it seemed to tremble, as Palmwedel in the storm.
"and your Dickkopf is exactly the reason why I am attracted to you feel perverted", she said.
Except that I am not.
You did him sorry, both because of the unnecessary for his words as well as the fear, which, in their eyes, as they showed against him auflehnte.
She thought that he would beat them?
She had had him from life on the cold northern archipelago, where they grew up, but he had no doubt that it is, in essence, that was as here.
The same huge and eiskalte Ocean broke here, as there, on the shore.
The same confused men, with even the skin and body height verdrießlicher after THE WHAT GESCHEHEN Mahler than their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, had been moved from pub to pub, always ready to shake the hand of a woman to speak out against them or verlachte refused.
Dickkopf?
They should have shown a big fist, if they are not nice!
You only knutschen - Knutschen was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, to the vacuous Gegengift Liebesballaden from the console - they only knutschen and then beat.
After Keverns view was the result of an unnecessary, since the aging Knutschen itself was an act of violence.
Ailinn acquisition gave him through her body, a sign to go.
He arose from the sun like an old man.
They also felt the brunt of his, but bleiern Caravan-raiding surprised them.
That was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She saw him, as he is distant - as in the upper floor of a room in their companion - a man was watching him, complaining through something that he himself had been summoned.
Adam from the Garden, they thought.
You felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, even though some of them had their hands raised.
A man turned away from her, bowed to his back, defeated, ashamed, without fighting spirit - and why was that a sight, they seemed to know well, if they are not at a single time, in which they could remember something like this before the day had already seen?
When she was alone again, looked Ailinn acquisition on her feet.
Several years ago, had just told the trekmovie.com Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-jährige researcher on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative Überwachungsorgan for the public mood, on a short lecture about the continued violence on low and intermediate level in the same areas, in which the reduction, if not abolish, are most likely to have been expected, given the money and energy that the elimination of this violence had been invested.
"a great deal has already been done, and a lot still needs to be done", she wrote, "to the innate aggressiveness of a people to appease the thousands of wars, and most of them won, especially in the remote corners of the country, and in which the sweet breath of human kindness from a historical point of view, despite the Hogmanay Kirchtürme rarely feels between the hedges.
But some properties are as unausrottbar.
The higher the tower, it seems, the lower the passion that he still wakes up.
The people crying, when listening to sentimental Balllades shock stories about brings difficulties and claims, on the virtues of marriage and family life, but yet not only the former harshness, the rural communities as well as our urban fabric firmly in hand, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious Streitsucht at home, at work, on the roads and even on the green spaces.
"you have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration", said her mentor, as he had read the whole report.
I suggest that you read less pusztítás.
ESME Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you an atheist?
"I believe that I must not say", said Esme Nussbaum.
Are you her?
Esme, again, on your right to privacy and the denial of the statement.
Feministin?
Again silence.
"I do not support this", said Luther Rabinowitz, finally, "because I am against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism would be.
This is a vorurteilsfreier workplace.
We serve a vorurteilsfreien society.
But certain types of Hypersensibilität, which in itself is absolutely acceptable and lawful, can occasionally results, as you have presented, they distort.
You obviously have a prejudice against the church, and these things that you as a "deceitful" and "raw" described by others, could just as well of course as an expression of strength and vitality will be interpreted.
If we continue on the herumreitet, WHAT IT TAKES GESCHEHEN GESCHEHEN IS, IS, as if it would have happened, if it happened yesterday, means that the country would be essential to take his life.
ESME Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head in a LED-Schriftzug wiederholte Flamingorosa Ofnow, the advice of the the country in the last quarter century or more had given.
Smile your neighbor, you value their partner, do you hear Balllades, visit musicals, use your phone, you are talking about, do you, listen to you, and I apologise.
Talk is better than silence, philosopher-clergyman word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I completely understand what you want to, and beyond", said Esme walnut with a calm voice, as she was sure that her boss had spoken to the end, "and I say nothing other than that, we are still not as effective as we are healed, even ourselves.
My concern is that we may find themselves without warning us here, as we repeat the mistakes in the first place, to DEM WHAT IT TAKES IS GESCHEHEN GESCHEHEN IS mannschaftbewerb.
This time, there are but not the other, in which we take our anger and our suspicion.
Luther Rabinowitz, a pyramid with the hands.
To suggest a Engelsgeduld.
"you go too far", he said, "if it acts as a" mistake ", our grandparents may or may not have committed.
You also go too far, if you speak about the fact that their "anger" and "suspicion" to "other" had been omitted.
It should not be necessary, someone in your position to remind you that we in the understanding of the past, such as the protection of the present, not of "us" and "other".
There was no "we" and there were no "other".
It was a time of the disorder, that is all we know.
"if we are honest with ourselves", Esme einzuwerfen dared, "not a part of the society can claim to have to behave well.
I klage anyone.
If it was bad or good has been done, what is done is done.
It was at that time.
To do this, nothing more to be said - and here we are unanimous on this.
And just as no blame must be assigned, so there must also be no debt will be repaid, if such a Board would be appropriate and if there is a way, they would have to pay off.
But what is the past, if we do not learn from this -
The past is one that we have forgotten them.
If I have anything to say about that -
Luther Rabinowitz had his piramīdas publication.
"I will remember, their report", he said, and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, she was run over by a motorcyclist, who described how passers-by, in a kind of "murderous rage" on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho-Militärmitglied says that no coup d'état is planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Official representatives of the military in Lesotho argued, a coup d'état to overthrow the government and have said that they were police officers, that which is accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country and said that the army of the country by his Amtswohnsitz and government buildings in the capital city of Maseru have occupied.
The Prime Minister brought his family in the neighbouring South Africa, after he had of Attentatsdrohungen reported.
Militärsprecher Major Ntlele Ntoi said that it is, de facto, there was no coup, but that the military on the threat from "political fanatics" response, whose weaponry by the police.
"what happened this morning was that the staff of the defence forces of Lesotho, acting after he had received several intelligence that some elements within the police force, the act, in fact, some of the political, partisan young fanatics wanted to arm, which was poised to wreak havoc", he said in relation to Voice of America.
The South African Government spokesperson Clayson Monyela said the military action, I have the impression of a Umsturzes.
"even if no one claims the government has seized by force, to have all the reports are in agreement about the fact that the activities of the Lesotho defence forces so far show signs of a coup d'etat", he said.
The spokesman for the military of Lesotho diadochs on Sunday that the soldiers in their barracks zurückzögen and the situation in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, the vice-premier Metsing Mothetjoya governance while Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believes that he is because of his attempt to fight the corruption in the country, the target.
In Lesotho, there have been major tensions since June, after Thabane Parliament due to the conflicts in his unity government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government's accusations, otherwise to the ICC.
Production in the eurozone on a 13-Monats-Tief
The increase in the production in the eurozone slowed in August to the lowest point in the past 13 months, according to a study that observed with.
The final Markit Einkaufsmanagerindex of manufacturing (,) fell in August at 50,7 in, after a stand of 51,8 in in July.
A claim over 50 there is an expansion.
New orders went back and factories have seen information in a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over the Ukraine.
The figures come ahead of the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the Bank to a clear plan for dealing with an ever-doubting of the recovery of the euro area, as well as for the threat of deflation, with an inflation rate of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, additional information in the course of this week, if he could make a quantitative easing for the eurozone to take into account, in line with those of the United Kingdom and the United States have been made during the financial crisis.
"although a small growth is better than no growth, are the bremsenden effects of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for the manufacturers have become more pronounced", said Rob limbs, senior economist at Markit.
The Fabrik-PMI for Germany, the biggest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51,4.
In the meantime, fell in the second largest Wirtschaftsnation of the block, France, on the 46,9.
France remains a child, as well as the decline in Italy of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that Wachstumsanreize Schlüsselindustriemechanismus in Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands no longer hold, are also not very reassuring, "said Mr limbs.
The decline in the industry probably fuels the fire of the analysts, who expect further monetary or fiskale incentives.
A positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where, on the 57,3 grew, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer at IHS Global Insight, Chefwirtschaftsexperte, said: "the best thing for the Einkaufsmanagerindex of its manufacturing in the eurozone in August can say, is that then the sector will continue to grow".
He added: "producers in the eurozone find that life is obviously very difficult, as the current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly in relation to Russia and the Ukraine - uncertainties in the difficult conditions in many countries continues to increase.
These uncertainties have increased very clearly the economy - in particular, and of the confidence of the consumers, and, probably, is that some of the contracts has been delayed, or even cancelled, in particular contracts.
He said that it is "increasingly likely" that the ECB will, after all, a kind of QE should start, "although we suspect that this will be limited".
The Höllenjahrzehnt the survivors of Beslan: ten years since the terrible siege of the school, like the verstrickten children still suffer from it.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were of Chechen militia in a school in Beslan in, taken as hostages.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were in the three-day Μαρκέλλα that we shocked the world, was killed.
We are after Beslan, returned to some of the victims to find the the death at the Greueltat escaped in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the Beslan school, in the case of the 334 people were killed, including 186 children, warned the hero-ancestors survivors last night in front of a new apocalypse in the Ukraine.
As a fanatical Islamist terrorists children and parents on 1 September 2004, the start of a new year, captured and killed, this seemed like the böseste of evil.
The tragedy of West and East in disgust, and then, surprisingly, turned in action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, after Beslan, we have returned to some of the victims to find the the death at the Greueltat escaped in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome the odds, despite the fact that the memory of this terrorist hell will follow them forever.
Their best hope?
The fact that the war that haunt the Ukraine now - and in the children as they die - is now coming to an end.
The girl, who was photographed in the attempt, in the school sports zerschossene zurückzuklettern
It was the Russian religion by Dimitri Beliakow In-Public and famous, only in their underwear as they tried, in the school sports zerschossene zurückzuklettern, after a mine exploded.
Completely confused was looking after her mother Larissa Aida, now 40 years old.
Both were left for dead, but they survived.
"one woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not", said Aida at that time.
My legs were blutüberströmt.
I stood up and climbed back into the pool, to look after my mother.
A soldier brought them to safety.
After a series of operations, they are completely healed, but said yesterday: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I will have to be operated on again.
Some of the 1978 are still in my knees.
Now, their goal is to become a dentist, in order to help the people to, as you have been helped by doctors.
"this tragedy changed my life, but it has not broken", says they tear.
"I think this is happening, and that is not something you can change.
Once a year I am always in the gym, to me, are still there.
My friends and I, on other days, try to not talk about it.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future Klassenkameradin Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamt of it, and to go to school.
"I do not want to get married until I finish my studies, and my career will start.
A family I think later.
She says that the Belagerung always a part of her is here to stay, despite the fact that the memory of every year is a bit weak.
I am glad that there are many people in the world, to our horror, and we are so grateful for the help we are of people in the UK and all over the place.
When I see the photo of me online, as I do in the school zurückklettere,, I think that many people see it for the first time, our disaster and help to understand that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled through the bullets, of the opinion that his mother is dead
It was his first day of school (the Russians go with 7 years in the school) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother, Tamara.
He said: "as a Siebenjähriger mum has told me that I should I lie down, if there is an explosion, and hold their hand".
After an explosion, he thought they would die.
She said to him: "run".
Full of fear, she could be dead, he fled and saw on the way a weinendes toddler, it took in the hand, and fled through a bullets.
His father, Vladimir, outside of his son in the arms, said: "Damir told me that his mother died.
He said: "I could not save them".
In fact, was Tamara outside stumbled with Beinverletzungen in hospital and, in turn, on the assumption that her son was killed.
After its reunification, she said: "I wept with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He hurried in and embraced me.
Damir was later flown to London (by the now dissolved newspaper the News of the World), from the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie, the title of from's Children's Champion.
"this horror being persecuted you each day, every day, but I wish that I could be with the" stop, "he said yesterday.
But I can say that in my mind will be fainter.
I know that I am right then all my pistols wegwarf.
But now I can play computer games with Schussszenen and this is not a problem for me.
"I have no fear of it, in the gym, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the yard, and it is not out in the end.
We never say that they were killed or are dead.
We say that they are in the gym.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially on the Spielwarenladen everything, where I could choose what I wanted, and the ride in an open top car.
But now he has to place such as the Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of accident, which he and his friends.
This followed a horror you each day, every day, but I wish I could stop, to remind me.
"I'm so sorry to all those who suffer under the abominations", said Damir, who last week was working as a volunteer in a monastery.
I would so like to help.
One day I want to go to the police and hope that it will be me next year at the Schulungsakademie.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: "37 children in our neighborhood have been killed, you can see all of this?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children, and were able to call around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly her trip to London with Damir.
The people in London, wept when I told our story.
I understood at that time, as people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and show their support.
It was Cherie Blair and her foundation, grateful for the price, and the possibility, in the autumn of 2004, travel to London.
I wish I could call her even Cherie and simply say that 10 years have passed, but I am still at the meeting me her and her husband in London, and how the Damir and helped me.
I still remember how Damir tortuosum borshch wanting to eat and they all local Russian restaurants anriefen.
I remember, as he played in a beautiful restaurant. Damir shot with his pistol at them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just a month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British so willingly shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world in these 10 years have not got better.
The war in the Ukraine is now, and people are dying every day, and I believe that many of the children were killed and are being killed.
These are the kind of children as well as our own.
I think that for many of the war a part of the news is that they listen to, if they get bored or busy with something else.
I know just what these people feel, all the horror.
And I can't stop, to feel that.
Nothing has changed, the people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir was great and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not at all aggressive or angry.
He is looking for, for example, not for revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the last abominations.
I know that he does not like to remember, but he has six close friends from the class and they go occasionally, in the sports hall and ignite candleligh there.
When he was small, he was among them - I remember, as he sometimes put on the sofa, the face of us away for hours.
Not asleep, his eyes were open.
I remember, as he has all of his weapons and other Militärspielzeuge Kalpavriksha Bergquartett. Damir is now 17, more than I, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that, in a few hours, so I was sure that he was dead and I would never see him again.
As I am after the explosion, and on the legs, I looked around, and saw the hell around me, with herumliegenden body parts everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy in this hell impossible could have survived.
"I remember that I shouted at him", Damir, lauf, lauf away ", but I was also so I am not sure that he had heard.
But he has heard it and he ran away.
And this is the life, unlike that of many others, for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible picture after the siege of the symbol of the horrors of Beslan was
Comfort: the Beslan-Überlebende Georgy Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege in 2004, right, a picture of Georgy today
His blutüberströmtes face was of fear, when he ran for his life, while his classmates niederschossen Chechen terrorists.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarism of Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, a doctor, had sacked him for his first day of school, before they rushed to their older son Vladimir to get to university.
"I left the court for about two minutes, before the terrorists stormed it, and so did my little boy for three terrible days alone", she remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives from us, but they have all been killed.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The closer this date, the more difficult it is to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day that goes by when we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it is a long time ago, I believe that it would happen yesterday, some scenes from these days I am addicted to follow.
No one will ever forget that, I promise you.
To: the image of Georgy (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (right).
I remember that Georgy on this day, so you want to go to school, and he said he wanted to hug his teachers.
I knew only that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even this statue of the weeping Georgy in San Marino.
Georgy sees the image will not be happy, and it is with us at home, hidden in the guide.
I understand that, but I also think that the people all over the world thanks to this picture, feel our pain.
Georgy said today: "it's important that something like this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
The people who investigate such tragedies, again and again and never learn the truth.
And now they investigate the crash of Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what has caused it?
This world is becoming something of.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to make it a little bit to forget.
It has attacked my health and I feel it still.
About three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
I went later in the year 2004, and back to school every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who were slain.
Therefore I go always in the gym, when the September 1 is approaching.
I want to pay tribute to my my old Kindheitsfreunden.
It is difficult for me to go, in the gym, but I have to do it.
I feel I am not as victims, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I am not sorry.
My life goes on.
I have this year and visit the school completed a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will be Herzchirurg.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health is not allowed.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgy Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, although he was a murderous terrorists caught wellfitted
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the sports hall, sitting next to the bomb, which was attached to the foot of a murderous terrorists.
It really is a wonder that he was not killed.
"we feel, as if it were yesterday, it would have been", says Georgy, who, as the FSB Geheimdienstoffizier wanted to go to, but this is because of his health damage due to the siege could not do.
It is still with me, it is not something that I have behind me.
I am now older and people say that children can cope easily with terrible experience - and I have to say, that is not true.
"in 2006 I worked with psychologists and felt a bit better after that, actually, but I can not forget.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - the year after that - was the first and only time that I was back in the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never return, and please do not ask me to show you where I have sat in this famous image.
Survivor: Georgy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous, and I wear it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like to think or talk about it and they never asked me after school.
Physically, it is good for me.
I should be careful with my injured knees, but I can now well under way.
But because of my health, I could not participate in the Geheimdienstakademie of the FSB in St Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I have my documents, as well as the medical and they have said that it is not possible.
My second passion were the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there two years behind me.
He is learning the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows".
He said: "I knew that my children would never tell from my experience.
Children should know anything about it, of course, and they should not suffer.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "the pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse, when the anniversary is approaching.
I shall go to the commemoration ceremonies.
I know that Georgy not to go.
It must be for him to be much more violent, because he was there and I do not.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
God I am so grateful that it was returned to me in Beslan. here are all of them.
It is in us.
Georgy is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is hard to accept that, if a Unfaires something so bad.
He is a boy, he loves sport, but he could not attend because of his knee.
He was operated on several times, he can run, but not a sport.
I would say that he has overcome a horror to 50%, but it can be overcome and never forget.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbors have been killed in the siege, and the only reinforced my pain.
I have lost many people, who I knew well and I were too expensive.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries for the killed.
I know of families where children were born, but also of widows, who have never married again.
It is difficult to accept that life goes on, even if one does not want this.
I will never forget how, in me, my heart jumped when I saw him in the hospital.
And now, I do not see what is going on in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country, and I can almost do not believe.
We used to be a friendly country, how can it be that we are fighting?
People and children are suffering, I am sure that, in Ukraine, many children have been killed and many more will be killed.
If we just throw all these rebels and could - so far away as only possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby, so simply by a Spezialeinsatzkommando was born in safety
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is from a Russian Spezialeinsatzkommando brought to safety (left).
She is now ten (right) and not at all to the atrocities
The world was in 2004, when the baby -breath Aljona in the arms of a Russian police officers from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists they go, but their cruelty in their 30 years of the mother, the 10-year sister Kristina and her brother Makhar back in the school sports.
Makhar, who at the time was three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and with his new wife, Svetlana, a little girl, that he called after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now ten years old, does not remember the siege and it is to be an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"you are now one big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great children", says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories, with the tenth anniversary of heraufziehen.
You will understand why.
Man accused of girls to have run over Fußgängerübergang in Fife
A man stands Überfahrens 78-jähriger because of a three-year-old girl on a Fußgängerüberweg in Fife in court.
Gordon was accused of having a girl on the transition in the Pittenween in East Neuk.
The indictment indicates, Mr Steward his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and the girl were injured.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation in front of the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC continued the case for January.
4 tips for better Unterwasserfotos and videos
If you like photos or videos to make under water, there are a range of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot position, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 Action-Cam or a GoPro Hero3 + Silver as the edition, both for about 300 $.
I have these photos at a family gathering with several cameras, all at a cost of under $350, are available.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the Batteriefach and other subjects have been closed down.
You can also put your camera on the photos or videos that you want to take.
Some cameras and HD camcorders feature Szenen- and Aufnahmemodi, with which the exposure time for the dämmrigen Unterwasserbedingungen www.o-atlas.de..
And before you jump in, check, in which up to a depth of your equipment is operational.
Some cameras are only allowed for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60.
Are you looking for in our accredited to digital cameras and the ratings for conventional and waterproof models.
Do you make Machines - because many do not work.
Point-and-Shoot-Kameras have a LCD, with which you can compose Action-Cams images, usually do not.
Even if you have an LCD display, it is difficult to see this under water, and the right screen size is a matter of chance.
You make so many shots.
If your camera has a Reihenmodus, with a series of shots with slightly modified exposure settings, please use it.
Will you stay close to the surface.
The light will be dramatically worse, the further you are removed from the surface.
If possible stay so close to the surface, if you are taking pictures in a swimming pool, a lake or the sea.
As a result, you can also get more colour in your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Are you close to the objects.
The country is also a good advice, but it is under water all the more important because of the bad conditions.
It's particularly important if you work with a Action-Cam: these devices often have a fixed Weitwinkellinse, which means that you have to be thick to your objects to this, if the whole of the Bildrahmen to fill.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort, whose character has changed things, even in such a huge organisation like the NHS.
As a consulting Anästhesiearzt he devoted himself to the task of his career, the sick and the agony of the disease, as well as the anguish of the treatment to spare.
Among his patients, remembers his wife, was a MI6-Mitarbeiter, with the devastating effects of torture had to live.
Lawson knew that the doctors and the diagnosis of diseases are important, while the largely invalid are dealing with a completely different: pain.
One day in 2007, he was, however, the one whose ordeal began.
"I have not felt", he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulty aufzuraffen, me.
While he fought with the soil symptoms, he noticed that he and his wife Juliet chronicles the allegations made.
"I want everything to happen, sooner rather than later", he noted.
As Juliet went away on business on a business trip, Lawson felt quite remarkably shifted and without any reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague, a X-ray Sarpek.
Just two weeks earlier, he was skiing in the French Alps.
The result of the X-ray lay before.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the lungs, so the Brustfell überziehende skin.
As with most cancers, is the most difficult to determine the exact cause.
For example, while some smokers develop lung cancer, are not all Lungenkrebserkrankten smokers have been in the past.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost every case, is the catalyst for a Asbestbelastung - contact with the Faserbaustoff, who once was considered as "Wunderstoff" but has now been recognized as fatal.
For most of us is a disease mesothelioma, which can easily ignore.
Asbestos is, after all, a product of the past.
The most dangerous type has been in Britain since the 1960's, not used any more, as the industry voluntarily committed to do, this is no longer to use.
There, too, where he was used only in certain industries, people who worked directly with the substance - plumbers, carpenters and construction workers, for example, the shipyard workers.
As an industrial Gefahrstoff from a different time today, he seems to be a cause for concern.
But such complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, saw the at the peak of a mesothelioma epidemic today.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from this disease and as die in accidents in motor vehicles.
Annual figures from the Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and the presumed future deaths in Britain
The reason why we are now witnessing the fatal consequences for years, although asbestos is illegal (in 1999, they have all been banned Asbesttypen), is the one that developed mesothelioma after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers of the construction sector.
Asbestos was, and is often still in the houses, in which we live, the offices, in which we work, the schools, in which we learn and the shops, where we shop.
And therefore no Klassenschranken piano-chamber mesothelioma, financial limitations, occupations or age.
The privileged bastions of the elegant department stores in London up to private schools, are not a bunker.
The Parliament buildings are asbestverseucht.
Even in the hospitals, in which we are supposed to be healthy, but are already as this deadly Karzinogens Ausgangsherde have been identified.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also not a plumber.
It was, in fact, hard to imagine where he may have come into contact with asbestos could be.
Then he put his finger on it.
"it seems as if in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed my training for six years, there was a lot of asbestos". he wrote.
Everybody, students, nurses, doctors, and Pförtner - use the tunnels.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries will be suffering from the same disease?
This question, unfortunately, he was unable to answer, at least in part.
"of the four doctors at Guy's Hospital were trained, and in the last five years, suffering from mesothelioma", he wrote in a letter, "I am the last one is still alive".
How many of us will get this disease?
In Andrew Lawson mesothelioma was diagnosed at the age of 48 years.
When he died on 17 February this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty per cent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after the diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
We can therefore only reiterate Lawsons question: "how many of us are still being get disease?"
The UK's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, is that between 1870 and 2050, if the Asbestepidemie in Britain is expected to come to a standstill, it will be a total of 90,000, have fallen victim to the disease will be.
Most of them have no idea at the moment, so that they will die.
A Asbestmine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, the people affected often because of damage, shows how far the scourge of Mesothelioms is already widespread.
In June this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, to Sulu Allen fahrlässigerweise exposed to asbestos.
She worked for nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987, and was responsible on the Kleidungsabteilung at two locations - one of them the Flagshipstore in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years than when they work in M & S began.
Now, she has two children in the Twenties.
"before this thing", she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I did not even really about asbestos.
I never would have thought that that would affect me.
There are only a few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact of the matter is that the concept of asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the PVC, the fabric is durable and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Asbestos, also known as white asbestos, this is now by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It was for Dachplatten Fußbodenplatten Rohrisolationen Boilerisolierungen,,,, even for brake pads used in cars.
It is less lethal than other Asbestformen, however, is from the EU and the World Health Organization as a "big risk" with possible death.
More dangerous, however, is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "it is clear, however, indirect evidence that this is a major reason for the high Mesotheliomraten was unique".
An employee of Marks & Spencer was taken in the flagship store in Oxford Street, London, exposed to asbestos Alamy
Sulu Allen has perhaps not seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto, which suggests that their story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those affected will be presented, in that "a substantial proportion of the mesothelioma without known suspension through work or in the home by Asbestkontakt probably in the environment has caused".
A large part of these contacts is based on his words, the "normal use and ageing of our building.
It looks as though no one could assume, to be sure.
A report by Goddard Consulting, the Palace of Westminster, also shows how people in the heart of the government, unwittingly exposed to the substance may have been.
In 2009, reported that the Serviceschächte and pipes behind the Ausschussräumen of Parliament were contaminated with asbestos, whose deadly fibres by something as harmless as "strong air movements" could be an outcry.
MPs are often accused of having to look after their own interests, but here, it looks as if the opposite is taking place.
While the direction of the Parliamentary Arbeitsdienstes insisting that the Westminsterpalast Gesundheitszeugnis received a "clean", it is now undisputed that £1 billion over the course of several years of work that needs to be paid to the Parliament to be renovated, the electronic installations to modernise and to remove the asbestos, and that after the general election in 2015 are the Members will meet in the nearby QE2-Konferenzzentrum rather than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard-Bericht also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos is not in accordance with the respective provisions has been handled".
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
A person, the contact with asbestos could never determine exactly is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson suggested the 50-year-old Abbott that he was during his work in hospitals, the asbestos was exposed to.
"I have worked in a hospital, Asbestklagen were decided in the positive", he says, "but I can not prove it in my case.
It's so difficult to get to all the places where you have to remember that, and has worked on the data.
What exactly is he still recalls the day in early December 2009, he had a kind of fever.
He was 45, and was just an operation by late in the evening.
Suddenly, I had chills.
It was all of a sudden.
I felt awful.
I believed that the home not to create more.
As a doctor, knew Abbott that the pain from the Brustfell, the skin around his lungs around herrührten.
But, as Captain Sulu Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He went a month not to work.
Doctors were surprised his chest X-ray and Pleurakathether, in order to remove fluid from the lungs, and in the laboratory to test.
His complaints, however, remained without a diagnosis.
His health stabilized slowly, and he returned to his job back.
From time to time, however, the symptoms return, often after high-solubility and fierce breahing.
In 2011, Abbott was a patient with similar symptoms in his practice, and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, this is not the Abbott with his own case.
After all, his patient was a few decades older, and had worked with asbestos.
The link in the case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition worsened and his family brought his CT-Scans and X-ray to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt sick for the first time, a camera equipped with a probe into the cave between Rippen- and introduced the Brustfell.
I am an optimist.
I usually just kept on going, "he says.
To be honest, I had so many worries me not at all.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year's: "you told me that it was mesothelioma".
Graham Abbott: diagnosis of mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott appointments with Macmillan-Krankenschwestern, one of which, it is recommended to take a lawyer.
Only now, he understood the scale of the epidemic.
"it turned out that asbestos was very widespread, particularly in large public buildings, where pipes with asbestos were often isolated", he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings, ill now.
And so is mesothelioma now younger people, not in the typical professions have been working on.
The most dangerous tubes with Asbestisolierungen führten in hospitals under the earth, so patients are more likely not to have been exposed to the substance.
But many employees, from one building to another Fußgängertunneln changed (such as Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens ate Graham Abbott (as it often did), with most likely came into contact with the toxic substances.
It turns out that for several decades after the war hospitals for the patients were potentially lifesaving, but life-threatening for the treating doctors.
He is still away.
Students on their Bunsenbrenner Asbestmatten.
And it is not only hospitals.
Asbestos was due to its efficiency and flammhemmenden properties are often in offices, shops, libraries and Stadthallen used.
Schools, too.
In fact, many people have probably had the first Asbestkontakt in the classroom.
Across the country, thousands of Chemiestunden, have students on their Bunsenbrenner Asbestmatten.
On Web sites will be the issue of asbestos in schools now often mentioned.
And meanwhile have so innocent items in our houses like Fußbodenplatten Schuppendächer contain asbestos or by default.
"it's a Industriegift that, in large parts of our real estate", notes Andrew Morgan, the lawyer, Andrew Lawson in his trial, Guy's Hospital.
In one case, was the only contact, of an affected woman, suddenly the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970's.
So you go on, as you shed your mattress.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"it takes a while to digest", says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work, and tried to carry on, but I realized that I could not focus on that, what I was doing.
I was two weeks ago in practice.
Then, I knew that I go to and I had to take care of myself.
Well, I will not see another Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the perspective of the position of a medical doctor to that of a patient.
As countless patients before him, he recalls, as he was overwhelmed by all the information was, with whom he had to come.
"it was very hard, all of this", he says.
"I asked my doctor how long I have?"
And you gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "Oh, yes, I will not see another Christmas.
That's it then. ""
Mesothelioma is a particularly treacherous, because it is our Lebenserhaltungsmechanismus - the breahing itself - is that the deadly cancer.
Most of the cases of mesothelioma are caused by Asbestkontakt.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
If the asbestos fibres and the outcry will be inhaling, they can in the Brustfell, the skin around the lungs, to be determined.
Asbestos fibres can irritate and cause the Brustfell Zellmutationen.
"the problem is with the inhalierten nadelförmigen asbestos fibres", says Professor Tom Treasure, a Herz-Thorax-Arzt, the 2001 at Guy's Hospital.
This is exactly what the hospital, of which Andrew Lawson suggested that it has suspended the asbestos is now, ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and a few others, the probably also during their training in hospital after they were exposed to asbestos.
As soon as the Asbestnadeln the Lungengewebe, says Treasure, "they will be of the Atemvorgang to the edge, where the skin is.
It is by its nature invasive right from the beginning.
The usual options in other cancers in mesothelioma does not work so well.
The effectiveness of an operation, for example, is hotly disputed.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"it is possible the Brustfell not under pressure", he says.
They come with the knife did not beat about the bush.
Meanwhile, the cancer "on chemotherapy is not very good", the "effect", but not heals.
"sometimes there are Langzeitüberlebende", says Treasure.
But at the end of the day, they all die.
Fortunately, some of the patients, in fact, live a long time, much longer than expected.
The author, Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott still fighting.
After he contacted Abbott had mesothelioma, came in contact with Andrew Lawson, of the four years after his diagnosis a Ein-Mann-Unterstützungs- and consultancy for Mitbetroffene had become.
"hello, Krebszentrale", he cheerfully on calls.
"he was very positive", says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis 4 years earlier and was still very active.
Abbott six Chemotherapiezyklen were originally offered the four months, and his life is only expected to last a month, would be extended.
"I was desperate", he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, was "the things in a more positive light".
Following the advice of several doctors decided to Abbott, his treatment with Prof. Loic Herz-Thorax-Spezialist Lang-Lazdunski, at Guy's.
"we had an advantage because of the fact that I have not had to be weiterverwiesen, I called right away and got a date", Graham.
A normal patient would receive a payment and have to wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is a key factor for Mesotheliom-Erkrankte the best available therapies, in order to be able to perceive.
But if these treatments fail, after all, inevitably, there are many people of a different financial concern - about the future of the families they leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"it is known that asbestos since 1898, is extremely dangerous for the health", says Morgan.
In the 1960s, but what has changed is that we realized that even a very low burden was a health risk.
And this is where the negligence of the companies have a role to play.
Andrew Lawson, and Guy's Hospital, after all with their case, but it was not what Morgan called a "full compensation", as Lawson not with absolute certainty, that could prove to be a mesothelioma Asbestkontakt at Guy's.
After the investigation into his death was confirmed by a spokesman for the Guy's, however, that "the asbestos fibres in the affected Kellerbereich in the 1990's have been removed".
This was too late for Andrew Lawson.
Such as asbestos may be removed
It is, in fact, for Mesotheliom-Erkrankte, to seek compensation, a huge problem, the deadly Asbestkontakt a company or a job on the frequency - normally decades after the events.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed down.
Versicherungsunterlagen can be lost.
And those who defend itself against the claims, know that the time for it, but it is certainly not with recognised the authors.
In response, there has been strong this year, the new legislation makes it easier for Mesotheliom-Betroffene beforeany, compensation, even if their former employers are no longer here.
The law has one of the insurance industry, supported by funds of £350 million for all established, diagnosed after July 2012, a contact can prove, but no one can sue.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court would have them in a normal Schadensersatzprozess zusprechen can - about £120,000.
About 300 successful applications for the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks like so many Mesotheliom-Betroffene that £350 million in a "very good work" of the insurance industry.
"It's a deal of insurance for insurers", he says, and suggests that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if the time is not known, and it would be the company and they find Mesotheliom-Erkrankte normal could sue.
Also, Mike Penning, who was working and Pensionsminister, has acknowledged that the law was "not perfect".
But both Penning as Morgan gave to that, in the face of seven deaths every day a quick action was necessary.
"the people are suffering so much and need help", said Penning today during the second hearing of the Mesotheliom-Gesetzes in December of last year.
At this point in time was Graham Abbott for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After their first debate Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation from which he, unlike Tom Treasure is expected to have a positive effect.
This was from a radiation therapy and chemotherapy - accompanied by a Dreifachtherapie Lang-Lazdunski, with a survival rate of more than five years of up to 40 percent can present.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"this is, of course, with the most important thing", says Abbott.
You can see that again in patients.
There is something that you can just carry on.
If you aufgibst, it is you very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent the operation in March 2012.
At the end of August, he had the last of the six Chemotherapiezyklen behind.
Nachsorgescans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There have been several Krebs-Flecken to my chest.
I was just 50.
It's not life-threatening.
It's lebensbeendend.
Abbott again underwent six Chemotherapiezyklen.
Now, there is no trace of the tumors more visible.
But the process is physically and mentally very tiring.
You have to think about practical things - on the money, if not more, for example, am I, or my wife, show how the Boilerzeiteinstellung works.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Elly, 16, and Tamsin, 14, this is not always easy.
"for parents, It's difficult", he says.
It is difficult to know what we should say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I have a disease, with which I would not grow old.
They were quite different.
Tamsin is very sociable and unpredictable.
They told their friends and we soon got very many calls.
Elly was Lapajne.
She said not much.
Such discussions are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are not of hope, and not a trace of hope of survival.
The disease will eventually also (like Stephen Jay Gould) for a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Bodies wrapped in Asbestkleidung einbalsamierter pharaohs
The asbestos fibres, for the strengthening of pots and for a greater tomlinso / ray / firstemailframe.html. were used.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
It was a tissue that develops is not flammable.
I have napkins ALIASDENO at Dinner in the chimneys roasting.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it will be used to make paper, (also notes) and substance.
Important Asbestminen will be opened in Canada and South Africa, and shortly thereafter in the United States, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal Isolationsstoff for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global Asbestproduktion rises to more than 30,000 tonnes per year.
Statisticians of Prudential identify a premature death rate amongst those who work with asbestos, life insurance. this will get no more.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says, that asbestos particles in the lungs "without any reasonable doubt, the cause of death".
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws, Turner Bros asbestos, employers will not be liable.
There will be no compensation paid.
During the Second World War will be built in ships, one of the most deadly Verrichtungen with Asbestkontakt.
Voluntary renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos.
A Court of Appeal confirmed the first successful Personenschadensersatzklage in Britain because of contact with asbestos.
The global Asbestproduktion rises to more than 4,213,000 tonnes per year.
The United Kingdom importiert 139,000 tonnes.
A health and Sicherheitsexekutive in the United Kingdom is committed to all of the companies that work with asbestos, the Lizenzerwerb.
The import and the use of blue and brown asbestos are banned by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos will be banned in the UK.
In the United Kingdom, will the Mesotheliom-Gesetz.
A Entschädigungsprogramm of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, white asbestos, however, will continue to be in many countries of the world to use as building materials.
The global production stands at about 2 million tonnes per year.
China denied the right to Hong Kong, demonstrators Regierungswahl swear revenge
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided, despite the increased calls for democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 election of Hong Kong's electorate.
This approach probably fueled the protests in Hong Kong, announced during the planning and mobilization to activists in the space of a few hours after the announcement was made in and out of the way.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the communist leaders, do not, in principle, all pekingtreuen candidates rejected.
"It's not unexpected, but it makes us angry", said bastions of Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
It has taken advantage of the inhabitants of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that, with an authoritarian regime, we have to do.
In his defence of China's decision, said Li Fei Vizegeneralsekretär of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress that the authorisation of public nominations in elections for Hong Kong's government to "chaotic" would be.
Since 1997, when Britain control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Beijing has promised to the people in 2017 to choose the Regierungsvorsitz.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision from the Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because it is the citizens of Hong Kong, there is a direct vote, but the decision also makes it clear that the Chinese leadership by the end of a closely controlled by Beijing Nominierungskomitee firmly in hand.
After a new clause should also only candidates "with love for the country and love Hong Kong" are allowed.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the biggest protests in Hong Kong and publikumswirksamsten took place for many years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened the acupuncture, off, if Beijing allows no real universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, in the space of a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy-Central-Anhängern in the rain before the Regierungshauptquartier gathered in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration, said the organizers, that their civil disobedience movement to a new level and they have reached the Protestwellen planned in the next few weeks.
They were, however, not to the data, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In a Online-Mitteilung diadochs the organizers with the fact that the movement "the occupation of the Zentralbezirks only as a last resort has taken into consideration, an action which is to be held only when all Dialogchancen have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are very sorry to have to say that today, all Dialogchancen options have been exhausted and the occupation of the Zentralbezirks definitely will take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have since the days of the announcement, and we were prepared for Beijing on Sunday in front of the government buildings increased security measures, including police forces and barricades.
The riots will be provided by the feeling of many in Hong Kong, that she slowly lose control over their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increased the competition for products and services.
In addition, there is a growing fear that the values of Hong Kong as democracy and freedom of speech under the growing pressure from Beijing to begin to crumble.
Some criticised the demonstrations of the Occupy-Central-Bewegung, as they have the operation - the lifeline of Hong Kong - risk.
"the protests, of which they speak, could be a lot of economic harm, depending on how many are involved and how long they last", said Regine bastions of Ip, who criticised the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stoke fears that Hong Kong spiralling out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
The state-controlled media in China also reported recently on the Demokratieaktivisten in Hong Kong as a subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, in an unofficial referendum organized by activists to voting, which was attended by 780,000 people - more than a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands of people in one of the largest Demokratiedemonstrationen in the history of the region.
The tradition of the Schulabschlussbälle in the US will now be transferred to the universities, where freshmen with the Privatflugzeug performances will be offered.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand, and the UK's first luxury Reisedienst for students of today.
A particularly impressive performance at the university will be able to reach, as the company also offers Transportoptionen aerodrome, Bentley, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also announced that the service a Sicherheitssparte.
This service is an excellent alternative for students who otherwise their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car kutschieren through the country.
Together with our new VIF-Optionen we look forward to this year, to ensure that the students of the university with a minimum of effort, and a maximum of luxury.
A Unternehmenssprecher said, that there is still no new bookings were available, since the service has only just been introduced, but added that "students of the service in the next few weeks would be 'book.
The company said that, in spite of the tuition fees of £9,000 per year for a market expected this offer.
Students today differ in their expectations and demands from the students in 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever, to make a great first impression, and with VIF you can exactly that.
The National Studentenunion criticized as the service, however.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NUS for higher education, said: "this offer seems to be completely separated from the lives of the majority of the students.
Many students, the study will begin this month, with a cost of living crisis, since the available financial assistance in the form of loans and grants, not with the sharply rising bills for the most basic step, before they can remember, hundreds of thousands of pounds for something as simple as the arrival in the youth hostel.
Feminists criticise Polizeiverhalten race and after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was at the beginning of this month by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo. was killed.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "hands up, don't shoot", while they were waiting for the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of Michael Brown, the unarmed Teenagers www.dowwolffcellulosics.com blogger Miriam Zoila Perez, a change in the Onlinediskussionen white feminists.
After their experience white feminist commentators put the sex before the race, when it comes to Reproduktionsrecht and income.
While the tensions in the Midwest and across the country, however, increased attention was given to Perez that the responses of white women to 100% of the german.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shots came from the 9th of August the personal essays with titles like "thoughts to Ferguson by a white woman" and "feminism is not just about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez was an important change.
"I do not believe that many people in the feminism, which is about the white and privileges and kind of talk about it", she said.
The people felt forced to express something about the incidents.
It's a characteristic feature of the crisis in which we find ourselves and because the situation in Ferguson so ethnisiert is that they need to express.
For Englischprofessorin Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University, Ferguson brought the problems to light, those black Amerikanerinnen are exposed to every day, but not as a "women's issues" in the cultural space.
"I can be a bit funny on Facebook about me and my partner and I get 150 likes from everywhere", said Mitchell.
If I was a little bit about poste, as people in their own country are under siege, the silence is deafening.
"how can it be safe for women, to speak publicly about a relationship, but not about safety in the public space?" she asked.
For black women, such as Mitchell, the race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between Rassen- and Geschlechterproblemen.
For they have not had the luxury of black women, the issues of clean to separate; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women are now the issues of race and gender in the feminist Mainstreamkreisen Banquetting, says Angela Hattery, professor of women and at the George Mason University, that their predecessors did the opposite.
"between 1865 and Waldfeuer at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman", said Hattery.
White women in history have had to be involved, in order to justify the Lynchmord.
For Hattery came the split between white and black women to the point where white female fighters for the suffrage as Susan B. Anthony, the country in the late years of the 19th century analysed and stated that the fight for the right to vote only for a group could be successful: women or black people.
"they made the decision to use for suffrage, and the right to vote for black people should come later", said Hattery.
If you look at such things, one with power, will be aware of why 5-color women white women do not trust.
We have our job not well done.
We have never helped black women, their husbands and sons to protect.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade until white women against the Lynchen in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching organised.
The group was founded almost 40 years after the original plea for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell is the flood of white feminist responses to the questions that have been raised by Ferguson - Polizeiverhalten, racial discrimination - a mirror of the time in which white feminists "catch" with the problems with black women, which has been set apart for generations.
"wouldn't it be great if the activists, the more than such traditional feminist platforms have the right to education of a child so seriously nähmen as it with the right to Empfängniskontrolle do?" asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second generation, their career on the fight for reproductive rights and their access to contraceptive methods, are now seeking to understand what that means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pointierten article by Rebecca Carroll, Kolumnistin of the Guardian in which they more protests from white Americans on the subject of racism.
"I hope that women who had a different, but parallel reason have an inherent risk of the body to understand - and opinions on race, in the public opinion polls are clearly very different - the changes to be", Steinem wrote.
Even though Steinem for a rather intersektionalen feminism is, as well as in the Rassen- Car-jackings Geschlechterthemen, are some of their comments on race in America but is truly amazing.
Christina summer, researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who stole Feminism?" said to She The People, that young men in the United States, in particular, young men, "5-color far are more vulnerable than their sisters", but Steinems to Ferguson's comments are in contrast to its previous criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently a small program, My Brother's' auflegte verletzlichen, to young black and Hispanic men, to help it was infuriating reactions of many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police and the black community is not the only problem that is in the forefront of the Mainstreamfeminismus constraineth.
After the almost 76,000 US-Grenzpolizei CHEEZ-al-PEEN-o unaccompanied minors in the country this year, has taken on the issue of immigration is also returned to the surface - this time as an issue.
Andrea Islacom Co-Vorsitzende of We Belong Together, an organisation which women mobilised for the immigration, said that for a reassessment of the issue as a major issue, it merely needs to publish the stories of Einwandererfrauen.
"these speak for themselves", said Mercado.
If the vast majority of Arbeitsvisa to male immigrants, are the women that accompany it, in a position in which they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"these stories will find a finish in the women's organisations", she said.
"Schweine-Haus" in Ipswich is available for sale
A picture of a house, which is for sale, was removed from the picture, when it became clear that there was a large pig, which showed that it had made itself comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has a bedroom, is situated on a private street in Ipswich and will be offered for £120,000.
The details belonged to a picture of the living room of the house - including a pig, his head was that of a sofa.
Real estate agents Connells said that the pig on the photo was the pet of the owner.
"the photo was published, however, and has now been Pseudobunocephlus away", said a spokeswoman for the company.
In the exposé of the Connells, the former Versammlungshaus described as a "unique family house with a bedroom".
Although the broker is the image of the website has removed, it appears on promotional material.
The Hausverkauf zadbała for interest in the social media, when asked whether the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW-Stadt Harvey after a new millionaire Lottogewinn popgen
A Lottospieler gehöre from Harvey is this month.
The search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, from the Lottoziehung on Saturday almost 1.1 million $.
A kiosk in Harvey, for the second time in five years the jackpot in the drawing of the first division, to $1 million in November 2009.
The lucky winners must, however, still.
The storeowner Steve Forward said, make the profit for such in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city talk of nothing else, and all are pretty excited.
We had thought that such a profit that could occur.
Last month, eight WA-Gewinner have profits in the first division, a celebrated due completion for a couple of weeks for the players in the state.
In the past week has been a player from Canning Vale, one of the five millionaires in August, after a married couple from Belmont, a few weeks before the $7.5 million Megagewinn had achieved.
The Siegerpaar had played for 20 years and said the win would give them the possibility of a trip around the world and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in WA this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Asked in the Leonidas Gladiatorenarena
Not only were the gladiators in the mud at the first Rheinbacher knöcheltief Römertag in the park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract well over 1000 visitors yesterday, braving the cold showers and the autumn and the enthusiasm from the historical spectacle.
There was a colourful, of representations, Maffioli Ausstellungsstücken, games, and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martialische Kämpfertruppe Gladiatorenschule "Amor Mortis", which each Regenpause used to, in the soft sand with their robust Kampfeskunst Sylt-Arena prepared to demonstrate.
Gladiatorenbesitzer "Leonidas" turned out to be humorous and Qualified bass) and sent his men in the ring for the hero-ancestors duel in various Gladiatorengattungen.
At first the "Provocatoren" on the series with Kurzschwert Rechteckschild and career, as well as on the left leg and Armschiene on the right arm.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with the breastplate, as well as iron and Wurflanze Gladiatorenhelm, skeletal and Armguard.
Particularly impressive was the appearance of the "RETIARIUS", with Wurfnetz Cecrops, and it took the "SECUTOR" and after a short struggle the boys came to the ground.
As the metallic krachten swords, shields, between each other and the Wurflanzen surrend flew through the arena, and a fear that the vibrations could be the health of the gladiators.
But on the had of the imposing "Rudi" Summa, the muscular referee, an always attentive eye.
"we wanted to revive the Roman daily life and the culture of life in Roman times", explained Lorenz, P & G, chairman of the "circle of friends" WordML Römerkanal, the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation time was out of the park for a day a "Roman" Skály, a Roman city, such as Vizebürgermeister Claus Wehage stated in his will.
Finally, the Romans have not only war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we still see today.
The remains of which were also in the shop, for example, "Römertag Aquädukt-Marmor" of the 11 metres high and 1400 metres long, the escapades in Römerkanal-Brücke Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-Gesellschaft, the water and power supply, the once and now, and Managing Director in 1987 Lesviots knew: "today, we are still benefits from the knowledge from that time".
This was confirmed by Diplom-Vermessungsingenieur Ralph saint from the "IngenieurteamZwei" from the Vermessungsinstrumente Rheinbach, like the Romans, or Dioptra Chorobat Groma unit-tetrahedrons.
The Römervilla in Blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations in the 1894 and bricks from the Original-Hypokauste, the Warmluftheizung, once the Römervilla mixture.
Impressive, too, the footprints of the wolf and fox two millennia in the footsteps, had been left out of clay before they were burned.
In 2011, the Office for the Youth Hostel Association Bodendenkmalpflege Westfalen- the remains of a Roman villa in the Industrial North in Rheinbach.
I had one with a Umfassungsmauern Wirtschaftsgebäudes Darre to the drying of grain and the Mälzen found.
The building is likely to have a villa, an agricultural commodity, is one of the prime, explained Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A number of these Fundstücken KARABURUN placed it in a Glasvitrine before, including a large plate, several fine bowls, as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
The Villa did well from the first to the fourth century after Christ existed, until the invasion of the Germanic, suspected in the then Roman Westfalen- Morscheiser.
With her, the children were also with the Roman Windmühlenspiel, similar to the current Mühlespiel, or they like the Roman students once their name with Metallgriffeln on wax tablets.
At the booth of Römerthermen Zülpich mosaics were the children themselves, at the booth of the Glasmuseums Rheinbach Glasmosaiken tinker and on the state of the Eifel Naturzentrums Nettersheim Weizenmühle a heavy stone, to the flour for a flat bread or cereals to grind.
With the two original Roman Reisewagen Kaltblütern, and drove the visitors through the park and there were also on the impressive state of the City over the school, here are the results of their "Römer-Projektwochen" presented.
With a Römerwoche from 13 to 21 September, will also be in the municipality of Wachtberg rheinlandweit ausgerufene Römerjahr 2014, to the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago, remember.
Together with the customs and traditions as well as the Geschichtsvereinen Wachtberger Wander-Verein, the Partnerschaftsverein and the Laienspielkreis Oberbachem are thematic walks by, among other things, a presentation, as well as guided tours for school classes Kochabende offered and to the Roman past Wachtbergs viata.
It is, for example, a 750-780m Legionär of his work on the zugigen Wachtberg, plants as living monuments from the Roman times and a XNEWS Lehrstunde presented in terms of cross-cultural understanding between a group Wachtberger "Germanic" and zugezogenen Römern direction.
The Adendorfer glassproducts Primary School, in the framework of a mason jar the Römerthema.
With the Römerwoche are the numerous, often but not more on first sight visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg again.
In the town hall is a small Wachtberger presentation to the Fund of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola epidemic: the burden on West Africa's economy
The Ebola-Epidemie in West Africa is also a serious blow for the economy.
Markets are orphaned, and international companies are going from a distance.
The devastating Ebola-Epidemie to West Africa, the economy suffered a severe blow.
The harvest rots in the fields, the mines and the markets are left orphaned, the virus has added to the region hard.
Some international companies are already from a distance.
"the Ebola-Epidemie is not just a medical crisis, but also an economic one", the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"it is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money", says Alhaji Bamogo, the second largest market in Monrovia, Liberia's capital city of clothing sold.
Come on to the market, those who only food or something to use against Ebola wants to buy.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus, the fever here alone, more than 600 people to the victims.
Recently, the health officials said the disease is in every corner of the country.
Also in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria, the virus has spread.
A total of more than 1,500 people have already been killed, thousands of other stuck to.
Employees of foreign companies.
All the companies in the countries put their business.
Foreign companies like the Stahlkonzern Arcelor Mittal, its employees from several international airlines fly to the affected regions, not more.
Also, the local traders and farmers to respond: only a few merchants not to leave their homes to get supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, rotting, among other things, important for the export of cocoa and coffee beans in the fields.
The farmers do not dare for the harvest, to leave their homes.
Food will be scarce
"the people will travel less and less", said Phillipe De Vreyer Paris expert, for the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, the normally on the market and sold his vegetables, but prefers to stay at home.
That is why the population gets, the consequences of the epidemic to direct and urgent: food will be scarce.
On the markets, diminishing the supply of basic foods such as rice.
At the same time, the strong risk of international companies dependent region a tarnishing their image - with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies in the area over a long period of time, says Philippe Hugon, from the French think tank Iris.
What is decisive is, how much and how long the virus will still spread.
For investors, "could give the impression that it is dangerous, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia to live and therefore also to invest", warns Hugon.
The disease burden on the national budgets of the Member States also Iron
The disease burden on the national budgets of the Member States concerned are smoothness.
The credit ratings agency Moody's fears that their budgets much of the high spending on the health care system, and in addition, stretching from the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank has already promised, the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros) Dutch fans.
The effects are felt even in Nigeria, where so far only a few Ebola-Fälle were diagnosed.
While it is true the ölreiche region in the southern Niger Delta has so far not been affected.
But elsewhere, many people remain out of fear of contagion.
Bookings in hotels go too far back.
Protect and celebrate their 50th anniversary
The "wood" Berngau Schützenverein, from 12 to 14 September, celebrates his 50th Gründungsfest.
The wood Schützenverein Europeade run on the preparations for the 50-year-old Gründungsfest from 12 to 14 September.
It is planned on Friday, September 12, a large Unterhaltungsabend with the group "Dorfrocker".
Around 18: 00 on Saturday is the big Böllerschießen.
Then is in the big tent of the Stimmungsabend with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam".
Brass band provides for the music
The are the highlights on Sunday and at 9.30 a.m. in the parish church and the great procession, 14 hours.
In the afternoon is also the prize giving ceremony of the federal and state Gauschießens.
A particularly beautiful sight will be the 25 Festdamen with their Dirndln.
Berngau Festkapelle is the brass band.
The patronage have mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert Füracker Paß.
The original term "wood Schützengesellschaft Berngau" dates back to 1907, when on March 21, the association for the "social and entertainment through exercise in Zimmerstutzen- Kleinkaliberschießen" has been established.
In 1937, the Nazi regime had led to the dissolution of the association.
Only in 1964, have once again found the 19 young men, on 30 April in the portrayal of the "new" Vendégház Schützenverein "wood" Berngau launched.
Karl March and Adold Ried Schützenmeister ran the club as a difficult, in the early days it mainly, Vereinslokal to find and install the Schießbetrieb.
Already started in the autumn of 1965 in the Schützenverein Vendégház "Leininger" with two teams in the Rundenwettkämpfen.
In the subsequent years, established the marksmen in seven teams were organized, in all classes up to 1 Gauliga.
The Vereinsrekorde purzelten every year, and the magic of 380 rings for the first time, in 1980 of Rudi Meier.
As the performance of the active shooter, have increased the membership have also developed in a positive way.
After such "Leininger" is no longer enough to satisfy the demands of a modern marksman, has the damalige Vorstandschaft under the leadership of John Rinn ausarbeiten, in the cellar of the new "country inn Härteis" a future to create a permanent residence.
After a work of 2700 hours issued on May 8, 1988 for the new Schützenräume MCL-Service vicar of the church blessing.
One of the great moments in the history of the club was certainly the 44th Gauschießen, associated with the solemn consecration of the new Schützenfahne in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, the Schützenverein his 80th anniversary celebration.
In 1995, is a Böllergruppe has been established.
Josef Schmalzl Böllerreferent was.
A major challenge for the "Böllerer" and for the club as a whole was the focus of the Bavarian Böllertreffens in 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work have the Vereinsmitglieder last year in the rooms and the Schießanlage Berngauer yard modernised, and hence on the latest state of the art.
Eleven teams in Rundenwettkämpfen
Can see the sporting achievements of the marksman.
At present, a total of 11 teams to take part in the Rundenwettkämpfen: six Luftgewehr-Mannschaften, a Luftpistolen-Mannschaft, a Sportpistolen KK1, a youth and two AH-Mannschaften.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich Steffi-Graf-Stadium degrees and Kerstin, Kellermann is in the round of 2013 / 14 of the Gauoberliga (highest in the league) in the Bezirksliga Schützengau GTCU shall become 1.
The second team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Miller, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml is of the Gauliga Nord in the Gauoberliga.
In addition to the Schießsport have, and events such as Bockstechen Faschings- Königsball, Vereinsausflug and Christmas tradition.
With the shooters in the marunadas in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident on the track in return
Tony Stewart to return to the circuit ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart went out for the second time against the wall, after his right front wheels in round 172 burst and his evening ended.
Stewart drove his damaged car in the garage and left it without having to speak with journalists.
His team of Chad Johnston said his team was disappointed 14-köpfiges, focus on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we had a better use and had a better result for him", said Johnston.
We drive to Richmond, and hope that we can make it better.
Stewart raced earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and to the right side of his car repaired.
"I am today with quite good hopes for a good result", said Johnston, and added: "it has just not worked".
Not long after the second accident was Stewart in the car, and the team had packed and was ready to exit.
Stewart had three NASCAR Sprint Cup race, after his car to another driver in a Aschenbahnrennen in the north of the state of New York, and killed.
He decided to return to this week, and either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond, in order to win a place in the pursuit of winning.
He returned to his job, while an investigation into the tragic incident in 20 years, the death of Kevin Ward Jr. led, to be examined. this was during a race on the road, in order to confront Stewart.
The authorities have informed on Friday that the investigation into the cause of the accident is still at least two weeks, will continue.
No decision has been made about whether Stewart with a charge.
The only champion was received with a great deal of applause when he was introduced before the race.
After a start in 12th position, Stewart was soon in the first 10 and was for a time.
After a restart in the round, Buschs 122
The No. 18 car with out of control after the exit of curve 2 and clashed with Stewart, and both the car against the wall.
Stewart went further, but was ranked 21 back.
Tanzfreudiger offspring geroepen
Just give it a try: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and director Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to contributors.
How many other clubs also makes the Jazzgruppen in TV Jahn of Ganztagsunterricht to the secondary schools.
After the summer holidays have decimated some groups heavily.
It is now looking for more offspring for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In both the jazz and Modern-Dance-Gruppen of Lisa Neitzel, former dancer in the jazz and Modern Dance-Formation "Spirits", are only nine children.
"three in the group of Acht- until Zwölfjährigen, six in the group until the Zwölf- 15-Jährigen", says the 20-year-old.
With more participants, the whole thing would be much more fun, "it could be very different Choreografien dance", she says.
Those who want to dance, between 17 and 18: 00 on Thursday, or Friday between 17 and 6.30 p.m. at the former hotel in Tanzsportraum Freistraße Meyer, 9, without any obligation in the Trainingsstunde hineinschnuppern.
"that starts with a Aufwärmprogramm regularly", says the trainer.
After that there will be various Choreografien within.
Jazzdance has the feature, that there is no fixed form, and is therefore for many styles.
Elements of folklore about classical music to sport in the jazz dance and acrobatics are processed.
It is also, of course, the conviviality.
"we go out to eat, and we have also already Tanzfilme proč Tanzraum stays in", reported Lisa Neitzel.
In the group of close friends you could share a wonderful hobby, and a whole lot to do for their own motor development.
Dianaresourcegroup Jazztanz not so, for example, which is also possible in one of the other offers of the TV Jahn hineinschnuppern.
Children and young people can always on Wednesdays in the education in the areas of children / Jazztanz, Bambini-Ballett, Videoclip-Dancing and hip-hop in the žákům hineinschnuppern.
The Tanztrainer is Francisco Afonso.
The Tanzabenden Erwachsenenpaare are on Monday and Wednesday.
Those who want to, Discofox Langsamen Walzer, Viennese waltz, tango, Rumba, Cha-Cha-Cha and can drop by and participate.
Bulgarian Gefängnisaufseher protest across the country
Hundreds of Gefängnismitarbeitern Bulgaria Justiziministerium have before in the capital city of Sofia, organised a nationwide protest.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to restore their old working conditions that have recently been changed.
Also, higher salaries are at one with the Interim-Justizminister Forderungsliste, Hristo Ivanov will be discussed.
The officials for a month in protest against the new Arbeitszeitenund activism-and and call for a return to the previous 24-Stunden-Schichten.
In spite of the meeting between the union and representatives of the Gefängnismitarbeiter Justiziministeriums no agreement has been reached, the national Bulgarian resort (BNR).
The negotiations are ongoing, informed the Director General for the implementation of sanctions, Rosen Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest is expected to be the Gefängnismitarbeiter by members of the trade union of the employees of the Interior Ministry.
Ukrainian army has abandoned the airport of Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are on the rise.
After the Copernicus, which also allegedly Russian Panzerbataillone, has been involved in the Ukrainian army today, Monday, the airport of Rebellenhochburg val-ued Luhansk.
At the same time, the army said that in the last 24 hours, seven soldiers were believed to have been killed.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had already human consequences from the heavy defeat of its army in the fight against the separatists, and changes in the top army leadership announced, without details.
'separatists shot the plane.
In the fight against Ukrainian government forces have their own representation once again after 'separatists and two military helicopter shot down a warplane.
Around 100 soldiers in combat are also in the region of Donetsk have been injured or killed, the insurgents on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
The Coast Guard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed that, for the first time, the two boats Asowschen sea of the Ukrainian Coast Guard to have sunk.
The Ukrainian border guards, confirmed that two of its ships on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol under EoPSD.
Here are seven border guards were injured, said a spokesman in Kiev channel 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing.
Local media have made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported, several towns in the Donetsk region under their control.
The diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarussian capital Minsk is today the Ukraine-Kontaktgruppe.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should also a messenger of the separatists from eastern Ukraine to take part in it.
In the run-up to the advantage of all the actors, their performances to the public announcement of their demand.
NATO will not break agreements with Russia
NATO is due to the planned Stationierungen Ukraine-Krise in Eastern Europe as a result of their agreement with Russia not to break.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels, the NATO think the Gründungsvereinbarung of the NATO-Russia Council from 1997.
However, Russia accused the NATO-Chef "of a glaring fault line" of the agreement.
"today we need to face up to the reality that Russia is not regarded as a NATO partner", says Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, "that they will go to us than our opponents".
Stronger NATO-Präsenz
Rasmussen has also announced the NATO-Präsenz in Eastern Europe want to strengthen.
At a NATO summit in Wales to beschließender "Readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we have more visible NATO-Präsenz in the East, as long as it is needed", Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow will come to an agreement on new Gasgespräche
Russia and Ukraine have, according to official data, on new talks to resolve their dispute.
The negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, said the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak on Monday.
There will be a decision of the European Union, whether they are also waiting for a representative to the talks entsende.
Because of the dispute over the gas price gets the Ukraine for weeks, no more fuel from Russia.
Least EU-Energiekommissar Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
The Ukraine had warned that Russia could also suspend the gas supplies for Europe.
Europe receives about a third of its gas from Russian sources, of which a large part of the Ukraine.
Merkel speaks power Word: toll is "very clear"
Now, once again, the Chancellor is clear on this.
A carte blanche for all the complicated details but it is not.
Persistent concerns about the toll from the CDU and the CSU have increasingly ergrimmt.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has to come from their ongoing resistances Ohrläppchenabdruck a power Word for the introduction of a toll.
"to make it perfectly clear: it is in the coalition agreement, and they will come", said the Parteichefin on Monday after meetings of the CDU-Spitzengremien in Berlin.
On a detailed model, but for the time being, not to Merkel.
In the schwarz-roten government programme were "certain parameters".
Bundesverkehrsminister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) had "made a proposal, and which is now going to be accomplished".
The NRW-CDU insisting on their 'no' vote, however, equal to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed, including Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) return to constructive in the debate for a bill.
On this issue I have with Dobrindt, he also talked about other possibilities, more private capital for investment in infrastructure, for example, to activate the promotion.
"there is nothing at all special gehöre". Schäuble had on Sunday a "mirror" report unkommentiert, his house, in order to test its own concept of jurisdiction with Mauteinnahmen Autobahn-Investoren to 2017 - after the election.
CSU-Chef Horst Seehofer warned that as a result, in the cabinet Mautkonzepte against the Lead Minister.
CDU-Bundesvize Armin Laschet reiterated his objections.
"the coalition agreement never went, and to all the cosy hotel bar", said Bundesstraßen bemauten CDU-Landesvorsitzende of North Rhine-Westphalia.
In this respect, it would be an important signal that Seehofer now announced, once again I have to talk about this.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU-Landesverbänden Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background, there are fears that a toll the traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had because of the Mautkritik from ranks of the CDU Koalitionstreue requires.
The left sees the plans in the face of the dispute in the Union as a failure.
"the Murks-Maut is dead", said leader, Bernd Riexinger, the Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung " (Monday).
"with the failure of the toll of the Minister". Dobrindt wants a Vignettenpflicht on all German roads system, which should start in 2016.
Domestic car owners but not allowed to be in the coalition agreement.
Therefore, it should be about the Kfz-Steuer a full compensation for the toll.
The model must be foreign drivers but according to EU law and not because of their nationality.
Often wrongly diagnosed with the genetic disorder.
A British woman says she thought as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years, that they would die.
Karin worst lived almost their entire youth in the belief that it is only a few years to live after they have been diagnosed with the disease.
It was, in fact, at the Charcot-Marie-Tooth-Krankheit (CMT) - a group of ererbter 15750 that affects the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord damage.
UK Charity CMT Fehldiagnosen said that a common problem for people with CMT, because so little is known about this disease.
About 23,000 people in the UK suffer from the CMT, probably to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, a fluid motion and curved toes can lead to.
He also suffer from numbness or pain, and the disease is incurable and light, which means that the symptoms are getting worse with the passage of time.
When she was 13, thought he was the worst, that they are suffering from Friedreich-Ataxie (IAs) - a disease with a very poor chances of survival.
The worst, thinking they would be sitting in a wheelchair, before they are 18, and would die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children who is now 51 years old, said: "as a child, I knew that I could not do the same thing as the other.
I was constantly with me and everything took longer.
I was never with the other children Rollschuh or skateboard in the school and was often because of my kind to go out and to run gehänselt.
The worst, she said that at the age of 13 years after several operations to discharge their Achillessehnen and stretching their feet einsah their medical dossier, as her doctor had left the room and read that they had suffered from the FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I have told anyone, but I went home, was looking for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA-Gesellschaft", she said.
When I received an answer, I was shocked and dreadfully was in panic.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair with 18 and 25 die slowly, and you would lose all my skills.
I did it all alone with me and was planning my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, she was clear that their skills had not so much as they had imagined and consulted their doctor.
He was simply, and embraced me and said, "my love, I do not believe that you have, otherwise, you are already in a wheelchair".
I think you have something far less lebensbedrohliches.
After a number of genetic tests was found at their CMT.
"when he told me what CMT was, I felt, as I would be a winner", she said.
The UK has a CMT-Awareness-Monat Charity CMT, in order to draw attention to this disease.
Stabsfeldwebel A. D. Berni Diether has been working for the closure of the former Truppenübungsplatzes than Feuerwerker
For nearly ten years will be on the former Truppenübungsplatz campaigned not more shooting.
"every month, yet still lethal ammunition in the heart of the Biosphärengebietes Schwäbische to the town.
The shells are sometimes still so dangerous that they have to be blown up on the ground.
A ohrenbetäubender bang echoes in the blasting over the heart of the Biosphärengebietes.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot on the Truppenübungsplatz formed in 2005 after 110 years ago, at the end of the military operation was shut down.
Since that time, the 6500 hectare area at the heart of the Biosphärengebietes Schwäbische to the town, the 13 trails for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of business people in the area of Washington is increasing along with the economic recovery
A recovery in the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local Steuerbescheide for companies in the country in the last year, rose slightly, while the economic recovery is accelerating, according to a new study published in the past week, and the companies in the area of Washington, were no exception.
Companies in the area of the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid $27,6 billion to state and local authorities in the fiscal year 2013, an increase of 3.8% compared to the revenues of 2012 in the amount of $26.6 billion.
The state and local tax burden of the companies in the last year, rose 4.3 per cent to $671 billion, compared to 3.9 per cent in the year before, and it was the third consecutive growth after several years of decline expected in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes have increased more than the local taxes, 4.3 percent, according to the study, conducted by Ernst & Young, the Maintenance with the Center for State taxation, a Steuerpolitikgruppe was carried out.
More than half of the tax revenue of the District, 56 percent, comes from corporate taxes, while 36 per cent of the revenues come from businesses Marylands.
Virginia scored with 28% the lowest tax revenues from companies.
A large part of the increase in tax revenues is in a recovery in the company's investment, say the researchers, leading to an increase in the Immobiliensteuern to 3.7 percent this year, according to the three consecutive years, with growth rates of less than 1 per cent.
While a large proportion of these profits from big states such as California, New York and Texas, the process seems to be also true for the Washington area.
Businesses in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid more than $10 billion in state and local Immobiliensteuern last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - a rise in the course of a year to 4.2 per cent.
But the apparent recovery in the Immobilienwerten in Maryland is not as effective in the increase of state and local tax revenue, because here the Immobiliensteuern to barely more than a fifth of the Steuerbescheide of companies.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of Immobiliensteuern.
"in Maryland, the following is happening: a large part of the real estate, especially in the Steuergebiet to D.C., is either owned by the government, or by non-profit organizations that do not pay Immobiliensteuern", said Douglas Lindholm, director of the Center on the State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to, for example, is much more on the personal income taxes to leave, in order to be able to offer the same services, the other states offer.
The recent recovery in tax revenues by companies cannot alone be the recovery of the property market
Unternehmenseinnahmen also seem to recover, so the data.
Businesses in the region have reported income of about $2.3 billion in Staatsorganisationen compared to 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took a $1 billion in Unternehmenseinkommenssteuern, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend in the same direction, increases the local tax burden for companies not evenly to all three places.
The pace of the District was 4.3 per cent, with the national average, while the rise in Maryland was significantly higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported a unterdurchschnittliches 武三思 of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has 6 percent in all three of the least Amtsbereichen autonoumus Unternehmenseinkommenssteuern (in all three there are fixed income-tax).
The Unternehmenssteuersatz is 8.25 percent in Maryland and the District at relatively high 9,975 percent.
A similar study of the US-Handelskammer at the beginning of this year showed that in Virginia, and state and local taxes are required and there is generally a better Steuerklima than in Maryland.
In the study, the District was not investigated.
Despite the advantages of Virginia is under pressure by its southern neighbours.
North Carolina has to reduce its income-tax laws this year from 6.9% to 6%, the same rate as Virginia, and the sentence will be launched next year to 5 percent decline.
If the state continues to be his Einkommensziele in the coming year, this law could be achieved the Unternehmenseinkommenssteuersatz until 2017 the state up to 3 per cent.
In the meantime, it seems that it is the small businesses in the Washington area, better to go, and they therefore pay more state and local taxes, according to the most recent study.
Corporate taxes, personal income taxes as paid by small business people - a Übergangsstruktur, after most of the small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia in the last year, rose 20 percent to $2.4 billion, a faster growth rate than the corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the rise in corporate taxes in the whole country are likely to continue this year, with an increase in the general Mehrwehrsteuereinnahmen for the state and local governments to 6.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period of the previous year.
Washington, however, could be the space behind, if the spending of the federal government on the labour market in the region.
Twin: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - even in China, a popular combination.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's twin town in China now wants a brewery and hopes also to a Flug-Direktverbindung between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's twin Guangzhou - that is the urgent wish of the officials in China.
"we would be very happy if a German brewery would settle in our city", said the Vize-Parteisekretär the South China metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week, when visiting a SPD-Delegation in his city.
Time and again, the official of the ruling Chinese Communist Party in the course of the discussion on this issue of Zwölf-Millionen-Metropole back.
Guangzhou, in Germany, also known as Canton, is one of the richest cities of China, Li.
So that the purchasing power of the people, to be able to afford to buy German beer.
The Hessen Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel SPD-Vorsitzende, who led the German Politikerdelegation, said to the host, he will be in Germany after a possible partner for the project umhören.
"there is not much need for beer: good water, cereals and zest for life", he added at the lunch with the Parteioberen in Guangzhou.
This vitality strahle already, he would flatter Mr Li from the hosts.
As a result, the official from Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gümbel - but with the red wine, the food was served.
Tsingtao, the Chinese brand is on German Braukunst back.
According to the German purity law Tsingtao-Bier is brewed.
More commerce
A second part of the request of the Chinese hosts would be a Flug-Direktverbindung between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vize-Parteichef Li.
The Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier in the year 2012, but for economic reasons.
"it would be worth", again showed the local politicians.
"the commerce between our two cities continues".
Currently, travelers would have to take a detour through Changsha in Hunan province, Li lamented.
The administration of the Guangdong province, of which Guangzhou is the capital, is hoping for the flights.
The Vize-Gouverneur of the province, Chen Yunxian, this desire in his conversation with the Social Democrats in the foreground.
"this is a very good idea", said Schäfer-Gümbel - the Chinese vice-minister Li Jinjun, an intimate water-people Germany, nodded in agreement.
Neat partnership
The leutselige Vize-Parteichef of Guangzhou hopes that he will be in the next year to a Frankfurt Partnerschaftstreffen can visit.
Li Yiwei was already on the main, but not yet in this position.
He came into office only this year, after his predecessor from office due to corruption charges had been promoted.
Also, the local leader, Wan Qinglian, had to go.
The action against the officials in Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and administration, by President Xi Jinping, with hardness is enforced.
The new leaders, Li Yiwei dovevano his Parteikarriere worked for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China is.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he was a's in Fujian, where the BMW VW a great work.
Frankfurt is officially entered into more than a dozen twinning.
The connection to the 9000 kilometres from Shanghai, is one of those who will be maintained by both sides, for example with a exchanges between pupils.
In the past year, the 25th anniversary of the Sino-German connection.
The patrolling metropolis on the 1279 is in with its economy almost as much as the whole of Germany.
The next year she wanted to a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, reported Li.
The family of Joan: "expresses the thumb".
Joan: since its posting in a hospital in New York City three days ago unconscious; their daughter showed up today, however, hopeful that the 81-year-old Komikerin recovered from their illness.
"thank you for your continued love and support", said Melissa: today, in a statement.
We are all the thumbs down.
Her mother was, according to sources on Thursday after an emergency because of Herzstillstands in a clinic on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, in the Mount Sinai hospital.
The doctors think they deliberately under closer observation sediert and, until they are more satisfied with their condition, which is described as "serious".
The reactions came from many sides, also in the form of a überwältigenden Online-Supports of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Vacuum cleaners are environmentally friendly, and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which from today in the trade, in future, apply more stringent environmental standards.
Similarly, such as refrigerators and washing machines will receive new vacuum cleaner from 1 September to a label, on which the buyer at a glance central data such as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars are in the Schadstoffklasse "Euro 6" tougher Stickoxid-Werte.
There is also more money for the Gerüstbauer: the nationwide will receive a single minimum wage its euro.
Amazon buys to envisage for 1.04 billion $$$
Amazon has just confirmed, what information was reported on Monday morning: the online - and Videoproduzent, and a multitude of other things - buys the Videostreamingdienst envisage for $1.04 billion ($970 million).
The announcement is not surprising, because no one had expected to envisage the adoption of, but because it was widely believed that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of the envisage Videodienst of Google for a cool billion a done deal, and the cooperation, of course.
Twitch, which only three years ago as Justin.tv was founded, as a general Streamingdienst looks-ups - a Live-Version of YouTube.
Instead, it was fast becoming a platform for players who want to play games in their Bravourstücke published, "a YouTube for live games", says one insider.
The Twitch-Schnittstelle.
And "let's play", in which a Videogenre knowing-better the (usually older) playing a Anstrich of Geheimwissenschaftstheater, are already very popular on YouTube.
It is simply the case that YouTube is often called to envisage, if you want to describe it, so was the news that YouTube wanted to buy, to envisage a bit bored, a textbook of an established Technikunternehmens, buying a potential competitors.
It's a mystery why the deal with YouTube, came as the company, according to reports, was prepared to pay as much as Amazon.
All that we know about this at the moment, this is a statement of Emmet, President of belonging: "we envisage for Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us to get there faster".
Another secret is, to be honest, the incredible success of envisage.
For snobs, like me, who say that they would prefer to play sports as a watch, it is difficult to understand the attraction of the outcome, the other to the games and watch rather than even the Kontrollkonsole in the hand.
It's one thing, a friend at 3 a.m. to look over his shoulder, while through the Resident Evil is a cure-all, and something quite different, a crank to watch it 20 times in succession in Call of Duty will be shot in the head.
All of these games you could see right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games are today, so the Ego-Spiele can look without its own control over the Blickperspektive a really good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the Schnelldurchläufe, in the the Bannisters Elektronikzeitalters Roger our entire games in a record time, entertaining.
But as long as not a play or Humorvirtuose is, is likely to be not so very interesting Twitch-Kanal.
But what know skeptics as I have of it?
Twitch's 55 million visitors per month, and is the fourth largest source of Internetverkehrsspitzen.
And exactly how Amazon wants to make money from it?
It's hard to imagine that envisage so elegant in Amazon Instant Video software, such as YouTube to envisage simply would have been able to swallow.
But something has to envisage what each company would have liked: thousands of young men, who, as advertisers are being courted.
As the chairman of belonging to envisage, envisage, Amazon said, and both "believe in the future of gaming", and it shows no signs of contraction, not even - sip - as Zuschauersport.
On the bouncy Burggartenfest was on Saturday with a lot going on.
The concept was agreed by the organiser of the event.
Despite the hefty downpours on Saturday night, an estimated 1,200 came to Canada in the Burggarten Open-Air-Fest.
At times the admission had to be stopped.
"it was annoying", said Ron Sem, one of the organisers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
From two Spanish words have Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem Amula formed the name.
Because the Open Air in the Burggarten Salzwedeler DatabaseMetadataMethods brightness on the day and in the evening, through various shows.
Well, and the fun comes from alone anyway.
This was demonstrated early Saturday, when the first visitors to the Open Air aufmachten.
A feast for all generations had promised to the organizers.
And this is what you have achieved.
Around the Versorgungsstände on the Burggartenwiese Salzwedeler had it, but also guests from the regular.
They pursued the first live performances, wippten with the foot in tact, enjoyed cool drinks - in short: relax and enjoy were pull-him-towards-me.
And across the generations.
While the one on blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar lümmelten, others a quarter of wine in the wine shop labten raged on, the offspring of the bouncer, which is a big attraction for the smaller guests.
But even when the volunteers had & crafts in the truest sense of the word, with all hands to do, to the crowd and imaginative creations, in the small faces.
The largest use of the table football tables or participated in a Skateboard-Workshop Goodfoot-Crew Salzwedel, from participation.
Until the big rain came.
At 5.30 p.m., shortly before orgasm, he settled on the visitors, particularly families were looking for the vastness and nests.
But the attraction of the festival, it did not.
"there were more people than expected", said Ron Sem, of a "success on the whole line".
This is a repeat of the major party in the coming year.
Although on the content and size of the events still needs to be worked on, Sem in a first assessment on Sunday against the Volksstimme.
He described that as angry at the entrance had to be stopped.
It was obvious the security forces has been booked with too little.
The result: many of those who had already paid for, no longer on the site.
The response was very good.
In a first cautious estimate, said the Salzwedeler participation of about 1200 visitors, who were in the Burggarten.
There were problems with the equipment.
The Salzwedeler Hip-Hop-Band blocks'n'u Rox broke their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were not able to create a halfway reasonable sound.
The planned Shisha-Lounges could not be established, because the tents because of a puncture after Salzwedel could not be brought.
"in the next year, but they are to be there", says the organiser of the event.
The premiere of the of the scandalization Amula-Open-Airs was more than successful.
And the case of bad weather.
However, the organisers have some mistakes, the first to be forgiven, but in the case of the second edition have had to be removed.
Also in the social network Facebook must be the organizer of the criticism.
"sorry, but for 12 euros, you just expected more", wrote Melanie Meier on the Veranstaltungsseite.
"unfortunately, you've taken a little bit", says Ele Zimmermann at the same point.
Others see the initial problems not quite so closely.
I think it is very good that some are not only stupid, but also really try to talk a bit on its feet.
Hats off! ", writes Stephanie Jenß to Amula.
Now the Koritnica-Mündung remains a year in which to make these points of criticism.
New Radom in Berkum Wachtbergs landmark is shrinking:
The SNP is not so.
Rather, it is the prepared, in the part of the building to be used.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: nearly 50 years after the establishment of the Weltraumbeobachtungsradars TIRA is the shell, the so-called Radom, completely renewed.
The new A4 Motorway will be present with a diameter of 47,5 metres, slightly smaller than the old.
The size is still a world record.
The final step towards the completion of the new shell is the Kappentausch
The upper quarter of the old shell will be off and with a crane.
After that, the last quarter of the new shell.
If the weather mitspielt, is believed to be the action at the beginning of this week about the stage.
Check out the Ice-Bucket-Challenge dislocates jaw
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom was crying so much, as their icy cold water over your head, that it was the foercast Knochenstruktur of their face.
These Ice-Bucket-Challenge was painful.
A woman has been hospitalised after being at the Ice-Bucket-Challenge had cried so much that they are the jaw ausrenkte.
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom kreischte so much, as their icy cold water was poured over your head that they are their Gesichtsstruktur injured.
"the water was so cold that I was crying, and I was the fact that my jaw was easy", she said to The Mirror.
The 20-year-old will be dumped on dairy farms.
Isabelle Roberts for a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but that was not possible, the jaw was the lid, and then I realized that something was not right.
My mother and my sister saw it and were almost laughing in the pants, but I was in the emergency room.
The 20-year-old was taken to the hospital from the United Kingdom to the jaw after the participation in the viral trend on Tuesday promotion again.
The clip has become a Internetsensation and XR-series linked to Facebook and Twitter.
The Burgvereine will soon be back on the same?
The last time there was always between the two Wolfratshauser Aktienclub Burgvereinen.
The boards now think about a possible cooperation.
As an example, for the reconstruction of the Wolfratshauser Aktienclub castle, the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Wolfratshauser Aktienclub Burgfreunde, lengthen the project in French.
A year ago there was no good and the atmosphere between the Burgverein Burgfreunden Tölz-Wolfratshausen.
So far, the points seemed to be very different, as with the history of the Wolfratshauser Aktienclub castle and a possible reconstruction should be handled.
Now, the two camps to move towards each other: it should soon be talks on a common approach.
This confirmed the Vereinsvorstände Speedflying Sjöberg (Burgverein) and Herbert Piffl (Burgfreunde), on demand of our newspaper.
"I have Mr Piffl mobile-tailored and suggested that we could be together again", reports Sjöberg.
In his view, could all members of both clubs to pull together again in the future.
So are more visible successes.
While the Burgfreunde suddenly to the late Richard Dimbath last to a reconstruction of the castle in the mountain forest, stands for the eye to the "Sjöberg Burgverein Überhäufung and Erlebbarmachung" of the terrain in the foreground.
Herbert, chairman of the second Piffl Burgfreunde, according to their own figures about the phone call was very happy.
Since he is the Burgfreunden Dimbaths death.
A new chairman is expected to be in the middle of September in a general meeting will be found.
Currently, the association is one of about 40 members, according to the access.
"after the death of my friend Richard Dimbath activities out of respect we have the first Neptulon". this "Denkphase" was necessary, "to consider how it could go on like this".
According to the new chairman then Piffl is said to be in the conversation with the Burgverein.
Until then, could the Burgfreunde also a current mood within their group.
A candidate for the presidency, there is currently not yet, says Piffl.
"but I am confident that someone will find". he himself does not want to stand for election, because he has his residence in Bad Tölz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser Aktienclub.
The Tölzer "on the project, but would very much like to work on".
The different points of view in terms of reconstruction, in the eyes of Piffls will probably remain in place in the near future.
It gives Dimbath as a "missionary", always on the restoration of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a chimera.
Through a high level of participation of the population, as well as by volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist.
Piffl: "I was at the beginning.
But in the course of the time I am more and more convinced that it makes sense to push ahead with the project ". it is a" modern technology "for the Flößerstadt be created.
Here, there is nothing else.
In addition, the project would be by EU-Zuschüsse, type and potential sponsors, believes Piffl.
"the idea of reconstruction and, personally, I do not simply want to jettison". he hoped that the Burgverein in this point may be something moves.
Their goal, the first to document history, "is important and it is good".
After that, it could be from there.
Smart ways to save on Uni-Lehrbüchern
As the cost of Uni-Lehrbücher for many students more than $1,000 per year, contemplated the Fast-Zweitsemesterstudent Matt Schroeder, a clever Sparidee.
He invented a Leihsystem for books by students of higher semester, and offered a nominal compensation to the Rückverkauf to delay.
"my Mathematikbuch normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A-Keks", said Schroeder, 19, of the Covenant College in Georgia.
The for the last semester LPRng books would have cost him $430, "he said.
He gave $120.
The Collegeleitung shared with the students, on average, more than $1,200 per year for textbooks and spend Studienmaterial, that it is for the students, however, were different Kostendämpfungsoptionen.
Online-Läden and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for the students.
The hiring of textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a much cheaper price than buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 Universitätsbuchläden, said that the hiring of Textbüchern have doubled since 2011.
Polls in the industry, show that about a quarter of the books in the last Frühjahrssemester College-Buchläden was hired, said Vreenak Neebos Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks are Handelsvereinigung, according to the National Association of College Stores in Campus-Buchläden bought.
Here is the multiplication table for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books online only cost a third of the price, for which they are in the Campus-Buchladen.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, may, however, in the case of the specialized Lehrbucheinzelhändler Chegg.com 239,99 Lieren for $$$.
Buy used,
If one of the notes or other normal.. nothing, second-hand books are a good option.
"Oxford" is needed on Chegg.com for 93,49 $.
Matt Abschlussstudent Casaday, 25, of Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on AMZF 42 cents for a used copy of "Strategic Media Decisions: understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business".
The book was recently sold for $48.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, the director of the University of Massachusetts Amherst College Without Walls recommended to students, with their professors, whether past spending is permissible.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the Seminararbeiten.
In such cases, the older spending can often for a fraction of the cost for the latest edition.
Except Chegg and Amazon is also Half.com from eBay Inc, a popular alternative for used books.
Rent
The hiring of textbooks is one worth considering, if you treat them fairly well, remember, they take the books back and after the conclusion of the course, not to keep.
You can do more than 80 per cent of the cost of the new book.
A student could, for example, "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Know the rules of the business where you can hire, even on the amendment proposal, which, if necessary, for the writing of notes, underscores or tears.
Najemców beware: if you can return the book not the amendment proposal, the price of buying a new book, even.
Portrayal
Instead of conventional portrayal of textbooks are also an option.
Sometimes, these books are, de facto, rented by an electronic license for a certain period of Chegg, as well as retailers such as Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble Inc. is being provided.
At Chegg, you can "Calculus" for 6 months rent for about $61.
Bracey says that students in Literaturkursen often find the best deals, as many classic today, can be downloaded for free, while scientific and ingenieurwissenschaftliche textbooks can be very costly.
On every case.
Joe Gault, 29, of the demnachst the Pepperdine Law School, will visit the ISBN-Nummer recommends for the Preisbestimmung in books, because you can be sure that it is, to find the right textbook.
And before you consider requests should be, whether the book, in fact, Gault, stock is.
He learned this lesson the hard way.
He bought a book, that four weeks and, after all, had paid the full price in the College-Buchladen.
Why "harvesting challenge awaits of the Galaxy" was not a box office
"the Expendables 3" of Polite played less than 30 million dollar budget of $90 million in the United States, while "Sin City: a Dame to Kill For" only $12 million of its budget of $70 million albums.
Cameron Diaz for the film "sex tape" played on the opening only 14.6 million dollars, while the kids movies such as "Drachenzähmen made easy 2" also on the revenue disappoint them.
An article of Telegraph-Filmkritikers Robbie Collin suggests, that, in the case of the lack of quality in seiyuu films and even the reason could be.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" for kids movies and described "Drachenzähmen made easy 2" purely as a "functional" Fantasy-Fortsetzung.
In movies for a slightly older audience, however, it appears as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, compared to the average, and Entertainment Weekly CinemaScore- Metacritic-Bewertung for every Sommerfilmstart, between the American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013, and in the current year to at least 2000 canvases.
The results are based on the opinions of the audience and film and suggest that this year's Filmhits equivalent to those of the previous year.
Some commentators believe that the development on changing habits and the growing popularity of Web-Streaming-Diensten as Netflix is due.
Director Jon Favreau, which, at the moment, will soon be appearing in Disney's Dschungelbuch-Film works, said to the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think that the times are changing".
We need to accept that and not try to group or other, of the past.
In contrast to the currently weak Kassenergebnissen Hollywoodproduktionen achieved the Netflix in recent times with the YouTube.YouTube sales in the amount of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as in the last year in which sales of $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg, the studio, for example, that they are too much on films of comics Angriffe konzentrierten and predicted a "meltdown" Hollywood's.
Seen in the light of the current economic slowdown, some commentators argue that his dire prophecy is a true core could contain.
In the summer of 2015, due to the expected potential blockbuster, including Avengers: age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, there are other representatives of the film industry, however, is more optimistic:
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline in Kassenergebnisse recently as simply "highs" and said to the Hollywood Reporter: "the next summer, will be the biggest summer ever to be accomplished, and no one will worry more about the business".
As a few years ago, in order to streamline the 2nd Tischtennis-Bezirksklasse Ligen-Einteilung was deleted, it is a step in the right direction.
Now, the German Bundesliga Tischtennisbund an additional 3 into the programme.
The result: those who do not, is fun!! ".
So has the klassenhöchstes team Torpedo in the Oberliga-Relegation while avoiding the descent, plays in the next season, however, only fünftklassig.
Actor in space remain, despite their grandiose Durchmarsches ladies in the northern regional league.
The boys and girls of Torpedo start at the Niedersachsenliga, as well as the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the Verbandsliga Torpedo-Reserve DESGphoto in the new, the shortest in the clubs, they are no more.
In the case of the ladies in the plays of the TTV Geismar, the Verbandsliga Torpedo-Zweite in the shortest.
What of the composition looks like a better Bezirksklasse, is now the new Bezirksoberliga South.
Here are, with Inter, TSV Seulingen Lödingsen Torpedo, III, Geismar,,, Einbeck Hammenstedt Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and the instant.
In the Bezirksliga play as a regional representative and the SC Weende Dransfeld, in the instant Bezirksklasse II, director of the Bovender, SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III The Bezirksoberliga starts, at least in the fighting.
Güntersen, the instant and the TTV Geismar II are here.
In the Bezirksliga JGH-Jena 04.07.09 Torpedo III and Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen.
With nine teams.
The SC Weende sends his girl in the small Bezirksliga.
Also, there's the Bezirksliga-Staffel SCW-Jungen starts still torpedo II - is not complete.
In a Bezirksklasse mearga Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV in the season.
In the first season of the TeilnehmerInnen aufnahm Kreisligen Regionsverbandes start the two, each with nine teams.
In the West-Staffel are the director II, SV Bovender, Laubach II, III, IV and V torpedo, MTV, the seventh Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the play, among other things, Ost-Staffel Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen.
The Damen-Kreisliga consists of Sattenhausen / Wöllmarshausen II,,, Bilshausen Hemeln Tuspo Weende Seulingen II, and the SG rhume.
That is still better than in the circle Ostroda, where it is no longer on Kreisebene Damen-Teams.
Striking that none of the six 2.Kreisklassen fighting, here is the innovative and driven man Kreisvorstand already have to worry about.
NATO summit: the first protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests by opponents of the NATO Summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Newport to a Anti-Nato-Marsch.
On Sunday, about 150 people in Cardiff before the commute there to hold a so-called counter-summits.
Stephen Fairclough has for us the developments over the weekend and talked with the protesters, who had travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers from the Blue Mountains fly
With the two youthful Buschwanderer Seilwinde were brought to safety, after the night in the Blue Mountains in NSW were caught.
The 16 year old girls and the 19-year-old man collapsed shortly after Sunday at noon in Govetts Leap in Blackheath to their tour.
Worried relatives called police about 8 p.m., when the two were not returned home.
A search party of local police and ad-hoc and the couple was broke at about 11 p.m. in the vicinity of the Bridal Veil waterfalls.
The girl was on its knees and the man was injured and had his head.
Rescuers stayed over night in the couple, and they were a fly on Monday morning.
They have been in solid shape, with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital Lenarian.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The roughly 1000 demonstrators by soldiers, had been pushed from the PTV-Gebäude Informationsminister Pervaiz Rashid said.
The station had a good half an hour after the broadcast.
Athar PTV-Direktor Farooq said, the protesters would have been equipped with sticks in the editorial department of damaged equipment.
Deaths or injuries were not reported.
The demonstrators are calling for the resignation of the Heads of State or Government, which they accused of electoral fraud.
The police said that approximately one kilometer of the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday if it was removed again by around 3000 demonstrators have clashed with security forces.
A policeman was injured after Passione.
At the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 have been injured as demonstrators tried to penetrate, Sharif residence.
They are calling for the resignation of the prime minister.
The powerful military had on Sunday evening after a meeting in the Armee-Hauptquartier to a political solution of the conflict, "without wasting time and without the use of violence".
Further, it was said in the message: "the Army remains committed to its role, to ensure the security of the state".
The escalating violence has a concern about an intervention of the military in the past, the coup already has more often.
The opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri led Ty23 protests since the Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had their supporters on Sunday, urging the auszuharren.
"we will not go back, without Sharif's resignation forced to have", said Khan.
Qadri said similar.
Khan accuses Sharif, the parliamentary election in May last year, won by fraud.
Qadri is calling for the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
Then to an interim government to reform the electoral system and a new election.
More than 40,000 members of the security forces are deployed to protect the government.
At first, the protesters had peacefully in front of Parliament for Khan and Qadri, until last weekend, they called for Sharif to residence.
Penzing POSIX.1-2001 on to win third of the table.
With the 2: 0 for Rapid Grödig has over a bitter week on Sunday at the end of a some positive developments.
"the victory is very liberating", said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team with the Aus in the Europa League on Thursday had reached a Zwischentief.
"the experience of success was very important", confirmed captain Steffen Hofmann and 1281, with Grün-Weiß on three coasts.
Schrammel-Traumtor schier Siegerstraße Rapid Rapid on with the second season has the right response to the disappointment against Helsinki and is shown with a success in the Länderspiel-Pause.
"we wanted to show a positive reaction", said Thomas Schrammel defenders, with its splendid Führungs-Volley from Sechzehnereck in the 14th minute and paving the way to victory.
"I thought to myself, I am up all the frustration from Thursday and schnalzte it under the crossbar", said the 26-year old smiling.
As a Schrammel on 13 Novmember so far in 2010, the last time in a Bundesligapartie had taken, it was for Ried.
The first in his Rapid-Dress Meisterschaftstreffer will remain in special memory.
"for me, that is something quite special, I am from", said Schrammel Rapid-Nachwuchs.
Due to the short-term Becken-Blessur of Mario Pavelic ckte Schrammel from the left to the right and also made his Defensivseite thing very well.
He has enough experience to this position, he also is anonymous.
The goal he deserved, he has already done some assists this year, "praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel also supplied the cross for the 2: 0 by Hofmann after an hour, that, in the end, the decision.
Because before that could have done with a scifi book guests.
"thank God that today we have had a bit of luck", also noted that, of the Schrammel Auseinanderklaffen of performance and result, in the last few weeks: "the results have not voted in favour of this, but the playing was always well compared to last year".
Even Barisic, that was "in many games before", would have been better than today - against "the strongest team that this season has played in this stadium".
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July, I therefore have proved that, despite the setbacks of the Mannschaftsgefüge intact: "today, my team has shown that it is character".
No less pleasing for him: "the fact that we finally have played back to zero".
A lot of work during the Länderspielpause Also the fact that with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Dibon, Deni Alar, Christopher and Michael Schimpelsberger several breakdowns of victims, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl, as well as their Startelfdebüts Philipp Schobesberger Gudalquivir, make the victory even more valuable.
"we must never forget that", warned Barisic, in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players lost in the last time, "very stable".
The Länderspielpause must, therefore, be used to make "wounds to lick, and in the physical area up a bit", explained Barisic, of the five U21-Auswahlakteure in its ranks.
One, the break may be particularly, he is captain.
They are for the team, going through the pain of it.
It is precisely in this difficult period, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "Fiedler Barisic.
Hofmann gave the game, before his block in the 2005-2006. minute not only the structure, but also scored the second goal.
For the Abdulhamid, the 350. Bundesliga-Spiel absolvite, it was one of the first results from the game out since 2 November 2013 (4: 2 about the Admira).
Hofmann: "cannot believe that, now all is well", "We certainly have also had a bit of luck, but at some point we also have the good fortune to come back.
It was high time now, "said Hofmann.
He warned, however, to keep konzentriertem: "we must not always black and white.
We have in the last few weeks, played not so bad, as it has been portrayed.
However, we must not believe that now, all is well.
The importance of his role for the team, he could not deny.
But it is a very young team, I can help at the moment.
The are in certain phases but to me, "said Hofmann.
Grödig-Coach Michael Baur had little of himself and his team.
He regretted the "from the category of Ivica Zaubertor", as well as the regular gate of demand in the 40th minute by referee, Kollegger wrongly disenfranchised.
The only criticism I can make of the team is that we are in the direction of Tor in some phases were not specific enough.
Because we have had too little in the way of qualifications.
Cannavaro Maximilian Karner was similar: "it has been as bad, then we have found, but purely and even a score.
By and large, would have achieved more.
Under this the Silence prevails.
A powerful tribe we showed in our Rätselaufgabe the Sommerserie "My piece from the Rhöner GlØck" last Friday.
Several of these giant, there is still, in the district of the pictured copy is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A wether footpath leads up to the approximately 600 years old oak.
It is past, and seeded Basaltsteinhaufen Basaltsteinmeeren.
This is a little bit of the bottom of the quarry from the Bauersberg, a mile north of the road to Weisbach, there is it.
Vital sees the monument, it towers over the other trees of the environment, and with a circumference of about eight metres to an American Mammutbaum.
A small Buddha on a Baumstumpf suggests that there is a spiritual or mystical place.
But, despite intensive research, there were only hints at the Namensherkunft.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has extra the Bischofsheimer arcives consulted and older people from Unterweißenbrunn, in order to find out, what with the Geißruheiche Bewandtnis it has.
The results of his research was the rather sober explanation for the name.
Therefore, up to about 80 years ago to the Ziegenhirten Unterweißenbrunn from their animals on the laboriously cleared of stones and liberated KOMEB gorice.
At the foot of the tree should the rise of weary Tierhüter rested.
Now the area has won back its significance, because, in fact, graze the meadows Ziegenherden again.
The area is also the model of the Biosphärenreservats explains, Schneider found out further.
On entering the Steinansammlungen but you should be careful about this, because the of the sun for Kreuzottern aufgewärmte basalt is also a popular place to stay.
A hiking trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, but it's hidden.
Other ways are out-described Hochrhön climbing, the direction, and to a long hike.
Where is the moated castle?
A Wasserburg, our next task will be looking for, however, is the rather rare to find.
The reflection in the ditch, there is already a good impression from the building, but we have some historic buildings in the district to which the Gebäudekonterfei could fit.
Where is the "bit of the Rhöner happiness"?
My piece of the Rhöner GlØck
As in previous series of the Main-Post in last years there are prices to win again this year, if they have the right solution.
If you would like to participate, can also be photographed.
Among the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de can you tell us the solution as well as your own personal "piece from the Rhöner GlØck" under this topic.
The nicest photos will be published.
After weeks of tug of war, and of Italy's prime minister, Matteo Renzi, EU-Vorsitzender against strong conservative resistance on the EU-Sondergipfel last week, the nomination of his Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as head of EU foreign policy, it will be the successor to the British, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi, as the pro-government daily newspaper La Repubblica, in the appeal of his current favorite Regierungsteam as Mogherini as a strengthening of the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He also expected a boost for his "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, in the hope that Renzi, the left always against him aufbegehrende Parteibasis calm, Mogherini is this - even if more moderate way.
To the conservative representatives with Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and the President of the Council nominated as Poland, Donald Tusk, the prevailing view in Rome, so that a political balance.
Because the EU will be the Chefdiplomatin plagiarism while at the same time, the President of the Commission, Juncker.
The outstanding support of the European Parliament is regarded as safe.
President Giorgio Napolitano would have the nomination of the 41jährigen politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD), hardly an "important recognition" of Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica, the widespread optimism that has been in power for almost two decades in leading Parteiämtern tried and tested for their ambition, Mogherini "the enormous challenges" will show up.
The native of Römerin is married and has two daughters.
Their Parteikarriere began his PhD in 1996 in the 1950s of the youth organisation of the Democratici di Sinistra (Linksdemokraten), the 2008 with the Catholic centrist party Margherita to today's social democratic PD zusammenschloß.
In 1999, Mogherini for three years, Vice-President of the European community organization of Socialist Youth (European Jungsozialisten).
With the election in 2001 of the Parteirat Linksdemokraten increased it in the high politics, worked in the department of foreign affairs, whose head was it soon.
You besetzte traditional Italian foreign policy priorities, such as the Middle East, has been through studies of the NATO in Afghanistan, with a contingent of troops involved in the Italy is known, used the contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008, it is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in it for defence and adopt-a-stone European and international affairs.
As Renzi in February 2014 he became Prime Minister, Mogherini to his Secretary of State.
If the PD again today for a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which has more than 40% of the votes of the party in the European elections in May, then, as I have noted in PD-Kreisen, Federica Mogherini a share.
The Vorhaltungen in Brussels, the new EU-Außenbeauftragte have too little diplomatic experience, it is so lacking in substance, will be in the PD gekontert.
In Brussels, especially from Poland and the Baltic members, a realistic Mogherinis accents to the crisis in the Ukraine and as a "rußlandfreundlicher course".
Are you in favour of the Russian company Gazprom on the South Stream pipeline, the Russian natural gas, bypassing Ukraine, is to be transported directly to southern Europe, which is also the Energiesicherung in Italy.
After his term in July, Renzi took office as EU-Vorsitzender Aktives Mogherini, to their first state visit to Moscow.
The photos showing them with Putin at the Shake-hands in Brussels, were received with outrage, that they, as well as the Kreml-Chef for October to a Milan Summit.
A total of nine young people have on Monday in their training at emz-Hanauer Nabburg started.
Among them is an apprentice, one of the other training in the company has been completed.
In four training the new staff are co-operating in future: (three Auszubildende), Mechatroniker (two), Werkzeugmechaniker (two) and Verfahrensmechaniker (two).
All of the trainees come from the municipality of Schwandorf: Tobias Brown and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, John Beer from the forest, from Neunburg Nchia Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel care-free and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees Large-Master visited before or secondary schools and community college.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainees of all cohorts, as well as the trainers to a Teambildungsevent to Oberammergau, where, among other things, a Ganztageswanderung and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company is one of 435 Führungskraft 950 employees and around the world.
The number of trainees is distributed across all vintages.
The Socialists in France should "keep their mouths shut and France put in order", said the most important allies of Francois Hollande.
Mr persons.You called the deeply divided left to their "love" for the controversial socialist president to show its disapproval, Kabinettsumbildung on the large majority of the French support is.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"it is our duty to remain at his side", he said to great applause.
As the Prime Minister was beschwichtigende Berekfrüdő insisted that his government was the controversial 35-hour week in France despite fierce demands for a loosening of the rules from Emmanuel Macrons, the new Wirtschaftsministers, not in question.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had his Mitsozialisten urgently called for a "united" with the government.
However, the Minister of Justice Christiane Taubira, sand into truck in which they were at a meeting, a socialist and the Socialist Party, for the French, it's that "faith in their future".
Marine Le Pen, of the far right, the leader of the National Front, derided the constant infighting and the socialists, who said that they could not imagine that the new persons.You government for more than a few months?.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel persons.You also has no, they are being forced to form a new government, if the old not a summer has survived.
"and the new will also be the autumn or winter, did not survive", said Miss Le Pen to supporters.
They then repeated the reputation of their party after a dissolution of parliament and said that it was confident, to emerge as the winner in the early elections and is ready for government.
The ruling party of France suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front in the European elections in May.
A survey in the Sonntagszeitung Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party of the danger is, before the end of the term, Hollande's 2017 in several rival factions.
Pascal, Link, a political scientist at the Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience when the new Socialist government, does not improve the economy and the Rekordarbeitslosenzahlen erziele.
"there is a small window of opportunity, but the public opinion must be feel that things change", he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with Prestige Cruises of 3 billion $$$
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., the third largest NCHL.O Kreuzfahranbieter in the world, according to industry experts in advanced negotiations for the acquisition of the diselenggarakan Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to the Luxuskreuzfahrtschiffen of Prestige Cruises, as well as to its wealthy customers, while it with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) in the competition.
Already in an agreement could be announced this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the talks may end up but also ineffective.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the Private-Equity-Gesellschaft Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a share of 20 percent on Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked for, to be able to remain anonymous because the talks are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo a comment.
The company, based in Miami, Norwegian Cruise runs 13 cruise on routes between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, to Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues were $2,57 billion in 2013, an increase of 13% compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also in Miami, operates under the brand name, the Oceania and Regent together eight Kreuzfahrschiffe on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean Sea, North America, Asia, Africa, and South America.
For 2013, it reported revenue of $1.2 billion, an increase of 6% compared to the previous year.
The Kreuzfahrtbranche is a total of approximately $29 billion, and in the next few years is due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging countries such as China and India.
The companies themselves for these new customers as the best choice for the Kreuzfahrtanbietern position.
In the case of the Prestige Cruises applied for the initial public offering of US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a Kreuzfahrtanbieter owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and Kasinomischkonzern under the control of the Malaysian Milliardärs Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in 2008, Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went on the stock exchange in January 2013.
At the end of June, according to Zulassungsbehörden Genting, 28 per cent of the shares, and Apollo 20 per cent of the shares and the Private-Equity-Gesellschaft TPG Capital LP for a share of 8% of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise hib-Meldung together according to the the original Antragsdokumente for the IPO of Prestige Cruises over 82% of the Passagierkapazitäten American cruise.
Hong Kong pro-democracy activists condemn China, the day after the vote.
A pekingtreue group waving in the vicinity of the Chinese flag.
The standing committee of the National People's Congress adopted a framework law on Sunday, the only two or three candidates for the Führungswahl in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of a majority, with the expected Nominierungskomitees pekingtreuen members is occupied.
By this decision, it will be almost impossible for opposition democrats to be allowed to vote, and led to its threat Pro-Demokratie-Aktivisten, true and with "Occupy Central", the City of Hong Kong -Protesten operating.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong, China; and the party leadership fears that calls for democracy to expand to other cities.
After the publication of a White Paper, in Beijing in June the supremacy of China over Hong Kong was presented, held an unofficial referendum Demokratieaktivisten on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands of people marched in the city in the San Siro and organized a sit-in there.
Lis is questioning by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairman of the standing committee of the Rechtskommission, Zhang Rongshun, as well as the director of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists said on the afternoon before the office of the leaders to gather in Hong Kong.
The UK saw until the final phase of the 150 colonial Hong Kong in any democratic elements.
Putin demands of Kiev the inclusion of "Staatlichkeitsgesprächen" with the eastern Ukraine
The Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded, according to Russian media reports on Sunday that the Ukrainian government is fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskow made clear later that Putin does not have to mean that, under the control of the separatists in the area of eastern Ukraine will be a part of Russia, but that his status in relation to the Ukraine needs to be redefined, to the power of the Russian-speaking region to the representation of his rights and interests.
Putin's call for the Kiev government to negotiate on equal footing with the pro-russischen fits to the insurgents, but from him since the beginning of the riots five months ago apparently pursued strategy: to provide support for the separatists in the Einnehmen of areas and put pressure on the Ukrainian government, to the newly proclaimed region Novorossija de facto independence for a alliance with Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with the state-owned TV station Channel One, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture areas held by the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently adopted in the area as "Novorossija" or "Yeni Dünya", a concept that goes to the heart of the pre-revolutionary to restore the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all of those who, in the course of the campaigns of Ukrainian politicians for the elections on 26 Okt. and while Regierungsgruppen civilian communities in the areas held by the separatists attack on an early peace talks hope "in their illusions" are caught, told Itar-Tass.
"we need to immediately begin detailed discussions, not only to technical issues, but also to the political organization of society and the Staatsstatus the Südostukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people who live there", he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to the statehood in the context of the greater autonomy, the need to be seen for months by the Kiev leadership is discussed, in Russian-speaking areas in order to allay fears that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions, said Peskow.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, said Peskow, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but about an internal conflict in the Ukraine".
The clarification of the Kremlsprechers to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored the leadership of Russia in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct annexation of the Crimea, the majority of the 2 million residents are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far greater difficulties, the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine to annex, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants, no Russians are, and surveys from the time before the conflict, a large majority for staying in the Ukraine.
The autonomy of the Russian diplomats on international forums has been raised, would the regional governments in the Ukraine, to give authority to negotiate their own trade agreements and foreign relations, and as the Kremlin's de facto control of a territory, the Russian territory of Crimea.
Five months ago, annexed the peninsula in the Black Sea is the home base for the majority of the Russian navy, as well as an important commercial port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostowgebiet in Russia and the Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries, the important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed in his speech to the inauguration on June 7, before that the Ukrainian legislation, amendments to the constitution after the elections - should consider where the respective areas, with greater control over their finances and the status of the languages.
But his idea of autonomy, which seems to be in the Kremlin and the separatist rebels to stand, their weapons, and Moscow is accused of incitement.
Putin's last call to Kiev, with the Separatistenführern to negotiate on equal footing, was followed by a further advance of the rebels in the past week, after Russian troops and tanks across the previously peaceful region along the Asowschen sea in the eastern Ukraine are entered.
Supported by Russia, the separatists took over 1519-1563 Sicherheitsbeamter according to the fears of the first step in a campaign to take on the strategic coastal region to the Crimea is, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, the massive civilian and military preparations are underway to Mariupol, a Stahlindustriehafen with 500,000 inhabitants, to fortify the between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko said on Saturday at a meeting of the EU-Führung in Brussels and asked for urgent actions in order to further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic to prevent, the 23 years of independence.
"we are on the eve of a point at which there is no turning back", warned Poroshenko.
Tens of thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
No, the EU summit decided to concrete actions, the leadership, the draft further sanctions against Russia, in an escalation of the Ukrainekrise unspezifizierten should come into force.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after two Russian overpowering and 1,000 soldiers last week in the encroaching Donezkregion, in order to support the besieged separatists, said Colonel Andrij ruling, the spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defence General Reporten on Saturday in Kiev.
The first 63 Ukrainian soldiers, probably by the Russian invasion of Ilowajsk were included, were on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers, who replaced a week ago on Farska area had been taken prisoner on Sunday, said of the ruling.
Nacktfotoskandal to celebs and Gabi Grecko TruLaser
Geoffrey Edelsten made no secret about his anger about the hackers probably naked, his fiancee Gabi Grecko and a Who's Who of the A-Promis have stolen from Hollywood.
The Astro-Fair Theresienhöhe 16 is in the clear after a series of photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a Hackingskandal to celebrities have appeared on the Internet.
The responsible hackers probably has more than 60 Nacktfotos of Lawrence, star of the "Tribute of panem" and of superstars, including the models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle, as well as the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Of the Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Yvonne Strahovski, Emily job like Grecko were from Melbourne, and also as a result of a supposedly private photos publicized iCloud-Lücke.
On the list are 101 celebrities.
Last month, the QX-series with Grecko had engaged to Confidential, said: "it's disgusting".
All of the private letters and pictures should remain private.
It's a disgrace that private information stolen and can be passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, said according to reports a Nachrichtenwebseite that the hack was "an outrage" and that "the people" were injured.
The hacker has probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two recordings in which she is topless in a swimming pool.
The Palmers Filmwerken include "Love is invincible", with Liam Hemsworth.
Strahovski Chuck-Star Palmer, and the actress from Sucker Punch were job like yesterday for comments made to the trito pictures is not available.
A representative of Lawrence's said to TMZ: "it is an appalling violation of privacy".
Actor Seth rugs condemned the hacker in his tweet: "hacked to post images from a mobile phone is nothing other than the sale of Hehlerware".
In purely legal terms the promulgate stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8 cycling on the Great Feldberg and therefore have the association, "help for cancer children 'support.
The tour, which was a torture for the, for the other a light training session.
In a were, however, all agree: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski will have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life is the boss of the Oberurseler Brauhauses yesterday with the wheel on the Feldberg Melbournea.
For the good cause.
The small muscle pains he can as easily as 20, his presence at the 8 cycling on the Great Feldberg in favour of the association "help for cancer children ' (Frankfurt) have a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I know now that I can - Landessternware!!!"
On the road, in the small Päuschen Applauskurve?
Nah, if I even stopped, we would have had to have been '...
As Thomas Studanski for the CDU in the Oberurseler is the CATIA, many of the participants in the Frühtau yesterday to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
The other, on the other hand, it was easier for the 11 kilometers of track between Hohemark and mountain to overcome.
Norman Dießner for example.
The disorder in the red Grünen-Politiker Kreistag - red dress, red bike - made at the start of something more on understatement ("Any amount of professionals, there is documentation that the goal!"), but then turned out to be on the mountain, but as a professional and went after 45 minutes without breathing through the goal.
He, too, is the distance in a happy, as well as Nina durchgefahren Kuhn, to the town of Oberursel, together with Frank Grüneisen had made on the way.
For the two on the was the "Feldberg-Radeln" not necessarily a sporting challenge: "this is about charity, we are happy with this - an exit, we could have done anyway", says Kuhn.
On the road they had taken from Paul Wenzel Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) was at the morning after Oberursel hinuntergefahren immediately, in order to get back to the level of cycling.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz was at 9 o'clock in the morning at home in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg two times, then rolling home with fun.
Fritten-Toni also had "fun".
For the boss of the Oberurseler Kultkiosks include cycling on the Feldberg simply.
He was with his 6,5-Kilo-Rennrad 40 minutes.
A Madness event.
For this purpose, because I am here, "said Andreas Balzke.
The durchtrainierte Mainzer says of himself that he is a "more ambitious Rennradler" is.
He needs to be, because he was with the "Fixie-Rad" are also on the way, the group whenever, but without the circuit...
Even without that it was loosely Knafaim-Arkia tightlaced, demonstrated not only the 20 hikers, the White Wall and the Fuchstanz up to the summit, but also a joggers, a cord around a car tyre with weights behind congealed and in fragments.
Professor Volker Bergwacht-Arzt Lischke, who, with his team, equipped with Allrad-Bully and Quad, for security, said: "the kenn" I from Frankfurt, the trained for a specific Schlittentrail, only that he "stopped the sled itself. the man is, in a sense, his own Schlittenhund.
The 718 participants - and as many as never before - were in the morning in groups on the track has been sent.
The first, at 9: 30.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 pm.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers.
Boot Hansen, chairman of the association "cycling on the Great Feldberg", which gave the Startkommandos and wished the participants a beautiful trip.
For next year, he will hope that it is possible, the route up the mountain to the safety of the participants.
