The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets at his first major foreign visit since his election in May, his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, Toko, to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr Modi is on a day trip to Japan in order to consolidate economic relations with the world's third-largest economy.
Plans for a stronger nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes for a treaty on defence cooperation between the two nations.
Police arrested by gorges 20 -year-olds after faster motorcycle chase
The driver was seized after a motorcycle with 125 km/h in a 70 km/h zone and had gone through bushland in order to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic police in gorges tried this morning to stop a blue motorcycle after they had seen with 125 km/h left a petrol station on the bath date Road.
The police reported that the driver ignored the signals and then went on the Burgess Road before he abruptly into the bush, where it lost sight of the officials.
The motorcycle and a person who was the description of the driver was seen later at a house in the Way of Bulgarra.
The gorges accused police of a 20-year-old man of failing to find a signal and reckless driving.
He should be released on the 23th of September before the District Court in gorges.
The motorcycle was seized and confiscated for three months.
George indicted Webster for Hotel rapes in Naim and Pitlochry
A man stands trial for the rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was read out the charges at a hearing of the Supreme Court in Glasgow.
He is accused on June 7, 2013, raped a woman in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire.
The accusation is that Webster attacked them while she was unconscious, slept, could signal and no consent. "
Webster also accused on 4 May 2014, raped a second woman in the Golf View Hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands.
Judge Lady Rae set trial for the 17th of November at the Supreme Court in Edinburgh.
Return to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights.
The congressmen, Keith Ellison and John Lewis have introduced a bill to establish the organisation of trade unions as a civil right.
"As trade unions, die die too middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, and deputy chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
That is why I am proud with the civil rights icon John Lewis before the employee empowerment law.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal possibilities of discrimination because of the organisation of trade unions, like other forms of discrimination - and stop the anti union of the forces.
In addition to the national labour law in order to create a way for the discrimination of workers to organize an union to sue in civil court for justice - and to receive compensation or the - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not according to American standards.
Indeed, the best way to understand what Ellison, suggest Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill, the link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks faced by the trade unions in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - once countries around the world have encouraged Americans to recognise labour rights to extend and respect.
There was a time to remember the millions of Americans in this country, democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right of association in the same breath.
As the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution which should ensure that would replace the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos through democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their unions a role in the creation of a new Japan, they used a language that explicitly recognised that "guarantees the rights of workers to union and common negotiation and action."
As the United States after World War II Germany, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff urged the Germans to write a constitution that would ensure that Adolf Hitler's fascism would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organise themselves, and should raise their voice in the new nation, the Germans added a clause that explicitly testified: "the right to form associations in order to secure employment and to improve economic conditions and guarantees of every individual and every profession or industry.
Agreements that restrict this right or seek to diminish it is null and void; seeks measures are unlawful.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the presidency of the International Commission on Human Rights, which was drafted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was adopted by the United Nations in 1948 as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the other author is a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form trade unions to protect its interests or to join them."
For generations, Americans accept the premise that labour rights are human rights.
When this country other countries how to shape the civil and democratic societies, Americans said that the right to the establishment of a trade union - and that the union should take part in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government agencies - must be protected.
After these rights were under attack in America, it is indeed very wise to remember that the American ideal of working people must have the right to unite and in a free and open society.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr., fifty years ago:
The story is a great teacher.
Now we all know that the labour movement is not limited to the strength of the nation but enlarged it.
By raising the living standards of millions of people miraculously work has created a market for the industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels.
Those who attack the work, forget these simple truths, but history.
History remembers, and we should do this.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights and protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that have made America great in the past and delivering on the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily stops law that could force all abortion clinics in Louisiana to close
A U.S. federal judge on Sunday provisionally stopped the implementation of a law in Louisiana, the lawyers say that it probably would have led to the closure of all the state's five abortion clinics.
This measure of Bobby Jindal, governor of Louisiana, was raised in June 1. The law, and should, in effect, would force doctors to perform abortions, including the right to acquire a patient at a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
The judge's decision means, however, that the doctors can perform legal abortions continue for the time being, while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue, while trying to obtain these rights," wrote Judge John deGravelles in his judgment.
A hearing will be scheduled within a month for the judges to bring about a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion supporters welcomed the decision, said the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures, and that doctors have more time to obtain hospital admission rights.
"Today's decision means that the women in Louisiana, a law that they want to take their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Centre for reproductive rights, which had sued on behalf of three of the five clinics of the state to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the ruling also covered the doctors from two hospitals, which have not joined the lawsuit and had also asked for the rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have introduced similar laws, but such measures have recently declared courts in Alabama and Mississippi for the constitution.
Cruxes of a law in Texas, which would have forced most of the remaining clinics in the state to close, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocates and the American College of Ostretricians and, as well as the American Medical Association say that the rights of doctors are demanding unnecessary restrictions.
Anti-abortion activists counter that the measures serve to protect the health of women, although some of the effects of the closure of hospitals.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has Patienteineinweiserechte, shared with the Centre for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the state are being forced to carry out any more abortions, this doctor would not carry out the operation, fearing for his safety, said the group.
In their arguments against the judgment of the state of Louisiana, officials said that they would not punish doctors because of the performance of abortions, while their applications for patient rights, no way.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher death rates of ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James put online a video tribute to her mother, who died in 2007, ovarian cancer.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians, in which 2005 ovarian cancer was detected, and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
The head of research, said Susan Jordan, QIMR Berg Hofer Medical Research Institute, is that for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study was 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Small STUDY: new drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers examined the medical care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis of cancer, the type of eggs stick to existing illnesses, as well as the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer had progressed at diagnosis, the survival rate was already on the lowest.
For those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study was 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study looked at why women living outside the city, died with a higher likelihood of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan assumed a belated diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynaecological oncologists, and these are usually found in larger cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of medical services in order to confront the distances slightly, it proposed as a possible remedy to reinforce the service of doctors flown to give specialists the opportunity to provide women closer to their place of residence, as well as treatment programmes for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study regardless of the geographical status of a poor long-term survival rate for women in ovarian cancer, and underscored the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer funded study published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013, 33 years from the Gold Coast veteran Neave, a young mother that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres regret declining house owner numbers
The decline, along with a drop in the number of homeowners under the age of 35 could lead to a loss of garden centres tens of thousands of pounds a year, if today's young consumers, according to a study by the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times, the "core age group for garden products."
The report says that tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount spent by people with home for their garden.
The increase in the number of people living in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popular procedure to the more diverse gardens to park purposes and the declining size of garden are other factors that threaten the industry, to be implemented in the estimated £5 billion a year in sales.
In Greater London, which has fallen over a period of 6 years, the percentage of homeowners from 61 to 43 percent, the lowest spending on garden products per household.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society indicate that mean housing for rent or small gardens that people can draw no plants.
The RHS chief horticultural adviser Guy barter, said: "container gardening, for example, is very popular with tenants because they can take their plants moving."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retail figures due to rising home ownership and economic prosperity of the late 1980 s until the mid-90 s.
He also predicted an improved market situation for this year because of the better weather after unfriendly weather in March and April of last year.
The protest movement led by opposition politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri in Pakistan continues.
In the capital Islamabad, about 1000 demonstrators stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Minister Rashid Pervaiz said soldiers had been able to push the protesters back from PTV building.
The station was operating for about 40 minutes, but now sends back.
At the same time, around 3000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a kilometer away they were equipped with sticks and stones clashed with security forces.
The police dismissed tear gas.
The demonstrators called for Sharif's resignation, but it rejects.
Meanwhile, the army of the country urges a political solution to the conflict, "without wasting time and without violence."
After a meeting in the headquarters of the military announced on Sunday evening: "the army remains committed to its role in ensuring the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has been a frequent coup.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Prime Minister Sharif, cheated in the parliamentary election in May last year.
The protests escalated at the weekend, after Khan and Qadri had called on their followers to go to Sharif's residence.
Three people were killed.
Turkey ordered an U.S. diplomat for spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has called the longest-serving U.S. diplomats in the country, a report on American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the business of the U.S. embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The Intercept reported that the former U.S. National Security Agency analyst, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a major area for the U.S. and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies said the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report and that PSW all major countries.
An earlier report that Ankara was also the most important of Germany's secret service was clearly targeted, veraergertere reactions of the Turkish government.
Warning strike: train drivers are threatening consequences for commuters
The nationwide warning strike by train drivers on Monday night could also affect the movement of persons in NRW.
The strike was announced for 18 to 21 p.m., all carriers, including the long-distance, regional and commuter rail traffic.
The main thrust of the warning strike is the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi-Rindlisbacher / Archive
The district said the union of German drivers (GDL), Sven Schmitte in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant failures.
There is no regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning strike was the transport of goods.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to do everything possible to keep the impact as low as possible.
The GDL did not say, however, where it wants to strike, so it is difficult to foresee the consequences.
Police chief accused of Magaluf corruption
The prosecutor on Friday presented the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
The head of the police on the holiday island of Calvià, Mallorca was arrested after corruption charges of businessmen and Barbesitzern in the notorious binge Drinking hotspot Magaluf.
Chief Commissioner José Antonio Navarro was after corruption charges against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street in which the majority of bars and nightclubs of Magaluf, taken into custody.
According to the online newspaper Diario Mallorca, the prosecutor's office of the prosecutor for corruption on Friday, evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
Two other local police officers were arrested by the Spanish Civil Guard in connection with the corruption charges together with Navarro and questioned by a judge.
The national Spanish daily ABC reported that testify to the disgruntled night club owners, the nepotism of the authorities have a serious impact on their business.
"It is no longer making money, it is about the survival of the court," said one of the businessmen.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf this summer due to a viral YouTube videos made international headlines when it showed a 18-year-old British tourist who took place in 24 men during a sauf tour Fellatio.
Since then the island authorities have tried to stop misconduct kebab holidaymakers in Magaluf, by minimizing the number of participants in the infamous alcohol, pub tours.
The Playhouse Club, which held the Fellatiovorfall, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and Carnage, the organizer must pay a fine of 55,000 ($73.000).
The tourist resort Magaluf, which is especially popular among young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of "Balconing," in which people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from Adelaide Airport
The SPRINGTIME has brought Australia a wintry surprise, with heavy showers and strong wind that affected flights from Adelaide Airport.
In the evening until 21 p.m., another 5 mm of rain fell on the city, after 6.6 mm, which had already fallen on Saturday night.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, turbulent showers, including a mold, which started just before 20 p.m., nearly 4 mm of rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After the winter last week for an early dose of spring, temperatures in the city fell again on Monday to a maximum of 15.8 ° C.
The gusty weather probably led to the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was supposed to land shortly after 19.30 p.m., but was hit by a wind shear - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to take off.
Wind gusts reached 50 km/h on the ground at this stage in the Adelaide Airport.
The flight data showed that the plane had to take off a second, and finally, at about 20.40 pm.
The flight delay led to delay some of the other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Hoschar flight from Sydney.
For Adelaide, on Tuesday predicted a temperature of 16 ° C, with possible showers.
Matthies says: high time for major networking
Given the galloping technological progress that is threatening to turn our cosy home in high-tech switching centers, comforting our columnist Bernd Matthies with an exceedingly familiar electronic accessories.
As I write this, my view of the spiral cable that connects the listener with the phone, and I think: Boah how retro is this?
But it is a thought: if the cables were all listeners in the shortest possible time to fly around in the house, and that would be significantly more retro.
Already applies to the disgust of the disgust of Tron's?
No, typos: electronic) sector the rule that is the world of today, tomorrow, bought the waste - obsolete.
And yet today, for example, who has a CRT television in the living room, which simply says that he basically rejects television.
Why these considerations?
Because it leads to a close at the Ifa again this week, our absolute incompetence in electronics.
The layman, who previously ruled the washing machine and CD player, not even understand the purpose of the devices with incredible eitlem experts, are spread before him: "the Home Health Care and Urban Technologies, wearables," promises the Press Office.
Yes, I'm still?
What should we talk to people who voluntarily appear to spread such Quark?
In fact, it is about 20 years ago that we are supposed to connect our house.
It reordered the yoghurt itself, so that tells us the fire on holiday in the Maldives that it burns in the office.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if we are from the office of the air conditioning in our early arrival...?
Yes, but this requires air conditioning.
But a dream will soon be true: we certainly raise our watch, they say, according to "suck!" - And at home, the vacuum cleaning robot.
Astray.
It all amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "blurring the boundaries between white and brown goods," a story of the washing machine, you can connect with headphones, the steam car sends the weather forecast and data glasses indicates how long it takes the pizza in the oven, but what use is nothing because we are in a traffic jam.
From the daily practice, we also know that if there is a need for a front device times really urgent, the battery is guaranteed.
Which is another reason that will survive the spiral cable on the phone the next radio exhibitions.
Israeli children are returning to the war in Gaza in their schools back
Thousands of Israeli children from areas near the Gaza Strip on Monday returned to the schools, after they had spent the summer in air protection areas, while rockets and mortar shells on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza fell and the schools remained closed, while the area recovered from the fighting.
The school brought the rocket launch no shot holes in communities in the south of Israel, a feeling of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, employees of the "Pashosh" - Kindergarten, which has been hit by a missile, before the arrival of the student shrapnel shards from the walls and sliding walls.
"We are a bit scared, but excited," said Bart Ronit, someone who lives in Kibbutz Saad and local English teacher.
Many children from our area urgently need a return to a routine.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart, said it felt "a bit weird" to suddenly go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we have not gone out of the house," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Kibbutz near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
The war until a cease-fire last week, thousands of residents of border communities remained cut off as Saad in their homes or left their homes to move to safer areas further away from Gaza and the rocket and mortar fire to escape.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a village near the border with Gaza, in which a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar grenade, still reluctant to return.
The Ministry of Education said a dozen families had not yet returned.
Their children were temporarily housed in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town in Gaza, which is heavily scarred by Palestinian fire.
He urged the children to learn a lot and said "we will make sure that you get their knowledge and provide security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday to a permanent ceasefire.
The ceasefire provided an immediate end to the fighting, but major problems remain unresolved, such as Hamas' demand for a lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel calls for the disarmament of Hamas and the transfer of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin in Egypt later this month.
More than 2,100 Palestinians have been killed in the war, three quarters of them civilians, and the Palestinians and the U.N. estimates that at least 494 children.
Israel denies those claims and estimates that at least half of those killed by militants, but presented no concrete evidence for this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortar shells at Israeli cities during the fighting, most of them in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military conducted more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and some 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 U.N. schools, which have been converted into temporary shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fight continues, the educational authorities last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school is open again soon, so that we can continue to learn, just as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After the election in Saxony: CDU deputy Strobl, NPD's prohibition is called into question
Given the voting losses of the NPD in Saxony, the CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl has argued for an end to the ongoing proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court to ban the NPD.
Berlin - The German CDU deputy Thomas Strobl should find an end to the ongoing proceedings to ban against the NPD in the constitutional court.
"The NPD performs worse than last time," said Strobl, who is also head of the CDU country in Baden-Württemberg, the "Leipziger Volkszeitung."
That is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me more likely to come to the conclusion that the NPD fought politically and in front of the Constitutional Court.
The NPD had failed narrowly in the vote on Sunday at the five% threshold.
A first attempt to ban the far-right party had failed in 2003, because of the protections in the NPD's top informants at the time.
The Federal Council in December 2013 after a long preparation for a new application in Karlsruhe.
Federal government and parliament joined in.
Harburg: new tents for refugees
Now refugees are housed in tents on Neulaender Square.
The initial reception of refugees in Harburg is bursting at the seams.
Now the agency has set up three tents of the Red Cross.
Politicians were informed shortly before the district - they are not pleased.
"These quick-fix actions continue to foment public reservations and give the politicians a chance to participate constructively in the humane accommodation of refugees," says about Britta Herrmann, chairman of the Greens in the Harburg district assembly.
Her party is demanding that the District Harburg currently unused houses for accommodation.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the reception, the influx of people needing help - and the fact that the authorities cannot provide enough seats in a row.
Therefore, many refugees remain longer than the regular three months.
The winter house prices have seen the strongest increase in seven years, shows a widely observed index.
The RP Data Core Logic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital in August rose by 1.1 percent, according to the RP data on Monday.
This increase is the increase in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the biggest increase since 2007 in the winter months.
The annual price increase was 10.9 percent, more than twice the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not distributed evenly across the country.
The research director of RP Data, Tim BardCon, said that a two tier market in Sydney and Melbourne.
Figures from RP Data show that house prices rose by 16.1 percent last year in Sydney, Melbourne, on the other hand, by 11.7 percent.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five percent and six percent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra, which was hit hard by the cuts in government spending and where prices rose by only 1.4 percent over the year.
Mr BardCon said that would be observed with the spring for the next few months, an increase in the property for sale, the market would undergo "a real test."
"If you look at the continuing high rate of auction prices, a rapid rate of sales in general and the persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will rise further in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the New Press, it contradicts statements of CEO Peer Medau and certifies this, "as a commander" to pose.
This is not the style of the university, according to the communication.
It is the family Medau already "been informed verbally in mid-June on the request of the university.
The statement that the plans were first announced in July, are definitely wrong, "says Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that the plans are "Vorfestlegungen decisions" or "preferences, however, it is."
The access to the necessary expansion of the narrow street castle was less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
A nine metre wide street was and is not mentioned.
It is the current state at 5.50 meters, which is a metre wider than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of Medau operators that use their own parking free school in the future, and then only by students of the university, will not accept Pötzl.
In the process, not at all, because as with other public parking spaces can be resolved now intelligently.
The residents think
The mountain, which is situated on the site and would lead to their doorstep along the access road to the parking deck, according to the university president "should not be affected."
Instead, he said, "that it is not just about the nursery, but also about the residents of the youths, Friedrich Streib Street and the 800 neighbouring secondary school pupils.
It is about much more than special interests, "Mr Medau Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents of the crèche, with the expansion of the road would be a "lost the few natural spots Coburgs" is entitled to go, "the reader can decide for themselves."
At the beginning of October, together with the State Office of Public Works Bamberg Pötzl wants to inform the councillors about the architectural development of the university until 2020, "and in this context, the importance of the new development."
Peer Medau last week, the parents of the crèche had informed about the plans of the university.
According to the gate for the new parking deck as usual on the campus and the Friedrich Streib Street, but on the Medau hill.
It would have to be developed on the narrow road about a kilometre length gate.
According to projections from the Medaus would increase traffic in the park of high cliffs.
The talk is about 2000 vehicles a day.
Not so far from the city wanted to speak to the project.
The village comes back from the handball team
Holger Glan village will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old from the SG Flensburg Handewitt led to this decision - especially health problems.
The decision was not easy for me, it is matured for several months.
It is time for me to listen to my body signals and to end my career in the national team, "said the 2007 World Champion on his Facebook page.
It is therefore with a record of 167 matches and 576 goals for Germany in international retirement.
Because it wants to go to roll back massive space players for the Champions League winner from Flensburg, a few years on the hunt, he is not the new national coach Dagur Sigurd son.
The Icelanders, who on Tuesday announced his squad for the internationals against Switzerland, led the village a "long and good conversation.
I have been equally enthusiastic about his ideas and approaches, as they will inspire my longtime players and my successors.
But for my club, I would also be available to healthy over the next few years, longer regeneration breaks are needed that does not permit the current double burden.
The left-handed had feared his career in 2012 after a heel infection even.
He was due to Achilles problems of team doctors of the German handball federation (DHB) can be treated with a Cortisonspritze, which triggered a strong inflammation.
This was followed by emergency and two other interventions.
Then the village announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the confrontation ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years of national team career go to any body without trace.
I have some health sites, which I can no longer ignore.
After the three foot operations caused infection, 2012 at short intervals, I've got my blood pressure never properly under control.
Some others come to wear conditional complaints.
At the beginning of the year, I noticed that I control my head, but my body can't be fooled, "said the village in an interview with Time magazine."
He would be ready for a comeback only in absolute emergencies.
"If I'm always willing to discuss it," said the father of the magazine.
I cannot, however, the years in which I can still play handball, the fingers of one hand.
I must also say that I am also quite humble after my long hospitalization in 2012, when it comes to my health.
In my career, I would like to go at least to some extent.
In addition to the 2007 World Cup and the Champions League in 2014, 2008 (HSG North Horn) and 2010 (the latest) the EHF Cup.
In 2012 he secured with the UEFA Cup.
Germany's economy shrank by 0.2 percent in the spring
The crises around the world have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell from April to the end of June 2014, compared to the prior quarter by 0.2 percent.
The Statistics Office confirmed preliminary calculations with the shared.
Only the consumption of the economy in the spring, while the investment.
Foreign trade also braked the economy.
Thanks to the strong Jahresauftakts results for the first half of an overall GDP growth of 0.8 percent over the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of "Münsterland - Aktivitäten," led by the castle man city for the first time on Sunday.
Man City Horstmar Castle on Sunday saw an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer."
The biggest cycling association of the Netherlands, NTFU, the so-called "Münster country - Aktivitäten."
In handet the greatest cycling across Münsterland, the cyclists paradise near the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants, most with their registration at Jos Huerne for organizing this tour through the Münsterland.
This tour was advertised in various journals.
We come from Den Helder and drove overnight to take part in this tour.
We want to get to know the Münsterland is closer in this way, "rejoiced the cyclists on the route through the circles of stone ford, and BinG.
After registering at the club, protect Brotherhood Sta.
Katharina was on a small "peace journey" through the city on the Wall, where the launch took place.
Further, the route, which was advertised for three different categories, in the direction of gentlemen wood on the Schöpp Inger mountain towards BinG and Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
At distances of 95 kilometers, with 1175 metres, 120 km with 1475 metres and 145 kilometres with 1775 metres of the cyclists their good condition.
They were able to get on the road in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
The main organizer Jos ter Huerne and mayoral vice-chairmen Heinz Loelfing were pleased with the success of this cycling event.
We are satisfied and it was a wonderful experience for all involved.
The organization was completed without problems and there were no negative incidents, "said Heinz Loelfing a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, so many participants did not, as the organizers had hoped for, which was presumably on the morning of the bad weather and rain.
"We see ourselves back in 2015, hopefully good weather on August 30 or during any other weekend," but the cyclists promised to come back again, however, and the organizers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin the ruthlessly honest memoir
It is actually more philosophical testimony as a biography, Konstantin alarm, singer-songwriter, pacifist, political activist, former prisoner, certainly, "monk and warrior" at 287 pages of paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought scraps of ideas, has written on 1 June 1947 in Munich, born in his memoirs, each chapter taken by an appropriate song.
And he is brutally honest: from Onanie during his high school to the shoplifting and drug use, it leaves no human weakness.
Also, to show how he himself has learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow men.
Wide space, but also more abstract concepts: love, soul, ego, Being in the now, spirituality - all of which he is trying to go to the bottom in a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he also explained his pacifism, his social criticism, his political commitment - and also how it has shaped not only the music (the opera lover became the soul and rock musician), but also his prison stay.
The latter has brought the ascetic monk, the high-living Konstantin alarm "by subtraction," as he says, "by omitting everything superfluous."
Between all the high spiritual views, there are brief anecdotes on the earth: for example, beatings in a busy restaurant, or a crazy car, which he envisaged as a tree.
Here, too, he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: my father never took me in the arm.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry, Rudy's Rare Records for a comedy, which is based partly on an imaginary conversation with his father and was born out of the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He attended many "therapies" after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was difficult to know him.
We never saw his face, his voice only heard: "listening to the noise.
Let thy sister in peace.
LU2300!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up when I was a child - went to the pub with him and talked about things like the shape of the beer glass or the beauty of cricket.
I have never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, he was a serious guy in the corner, read the newspaper.
Henry recently opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at the time of his father, he gained an insight into how life was for him to be liked.
It is a little brighter, but they are dark, smoky, deep Stygian maze with a lot of soot and smoke and flame surges.
My father used to be presented in the tub and then you could hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry.
When I went around there, I realized that he had done so for years to get the food on the table, and my respect for him has been greater.
However, Henry grew up as a child without the love of his parents.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you."
Only when my mother was ill at the end of their lives, we started, "I love you, I love you, I love you" to say.
By his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he shared the love that he had missed as a child.
Could you stop with the "I love you"?
But listening to hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a great mother.
It is still friends with French, he was married 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why should we not be friends?
It is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
This contributed to her death.
When I was so very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said "you have to be radical.
So I moved this fitness thing through and had to make a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
Nobody likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change may be seen in his elegant, short cut.
Since he has been praised by critics for his Othello, he is captured by the theater.
It was followed by The comedy of errors, and then, by August Wilson.
That is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy working life.
He started with only 16 years when he was working in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage when he wrote to New Faces and imitation people about him.
His television career began in the mid seventies. "I was for a long time the only black imitator / comedian on TV."
He learned at work.
I had to be not just great in the eyes of the public, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I tell all the jokes could be an efficient machine, while I was a TV star, and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 New Faces
Since his manager had the right to stage the Black and White minstrel show, a light entertainment programme, in which the people "black," said Henry anmalten his comedy there over five years.
My family was very unpleasant.
I wish somehow that it never would have happened, but I do not regret that I have done.
It was a strange, uncomfortable position for me, but I was working on giant projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But these "years of award-winning light pillar of the British TV" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
Through the introduction of characters that the British black culture both celebrated and scorned, Henry worked on an alternative comedy circuit in the eighties.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show was broadcast in 1984, and in the nineties he was the chef Gareth Black Lock in the comedy series boss!.
Advertising, documentaries, TV series and in the next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008, he thought: "what are you doing next, Len, because it feels all the time, or only as you stomp on the spot."
Then came a documentary series for Radio 4, entitled What's So Great About...?
The first episode was about Shakespeare.
I was downright allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never really learned in school about him and held him mainly for a domain of the middle class, white tights and a cabbage in front of it.
So I had a great fear.
All those we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, said Judi Dench, "you should try it.
It is not bad, if you don't know what you are talking.
Put a couple of words in the mouth, and then you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary, and he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I was able to do this.
It was almost as if someone put me at the head.
"That is, it is a serious thing to take them seriously, and your text, a bit chaotic.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car accident, and that simply did not happen.
And soon he appeared in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "oh, you've changed yourself." "
There was a technical error and Henry felt instinctively that he had to entertain the audience.
"A small voice told me" you have to bridge now 10 minutes, while they fix the computer. ""
Instead, the stage director, announced that the idea would continue once the problem was solved.
I went to the stage and said something in me, "oh, thank God."
I am not responsible.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You are playing in a play, so stick to your role."
Henry, at the Duchess Theatre
The text was to learn for the ambitious.
Panic is very good, which strengthens the sinew.
It was also good, so it is like a big sign of the Gods, "this is your destiny." "
He says this, of course, with a DONNERNDEN voice.
So I maintain.
I love that.
I love being in a sample.
Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is criss-crossed by humorous outbursts, while he imitates people.
I have decided not to make a stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of instant satisfaction from a room full of strangers somehow dangerous.
If you look at it constantly, from a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo, if I wish to do so, but overall there is not so much as before.
I ask him whether he will ever make a stand-up comedy tour.
The fun that I have in a room with a director who helps a beginning, a middle and the end of a journey - I do not think I would ever give up.
So here is his new incarnation?
I think it is.
I am an actor.
It's fun.
It always tells a story, and that is great.
I love stories.
The people love stories.
Houthi rebels block roads in Yemen's capital
The conflict between the Shia Houthi rebels and the Yemeni government called on the Houthis to civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi supporters had occupied the central streets in Sanaa on Monday, said a spokesman for the Houthi party "Ansar Allah."
The parliament also had been blocked.
Yemeni media reported a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper called "the Post" Houthi leader Abdul Malik al- Houthi on Sunday evening on the measures.
Al-Huthi threatened, according to the sheet with a further escalation of the conflict, if his demands are not met.
The Shia Houthis fight for greater independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the resignation of the government.
The besieged for nearly two weeks, the Houthi tribe of the Yemeni capital.
Around 30,000 rebels have set up protest camps in the major access roads from Sanaa.
In the countryside there are bloody battles with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registered officials "spirit," was
Kenya has begun to register all public officials, "the spirit of biometrics," to delete from the payroll of the government.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, would no longer pay, a division of government.
The government believed that thousands of people following her departure from public service salaries.
President Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013 to combat corruption in the civil service.
During an audit at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month in payments for "spirit" was lost, and by other abusive financial practices.
The government believed that salaries continue to be paid on accounts after a person has died or leaves the public service, Wanyama Chebusiri reported for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear in the next two weeks at identification centres to ensure that their data will be included on the biometric registration, was announced in a government message.
All that would not do so without a credible excuse was removed from the payroll, the communication.
"This approach is significantly contributed to the rationalisation of the public service, stating the actual number of officials and the payroll will be adjusted on both levels of government - the" ghost employees "eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry of decentralisation and planning.
The scandal surrounding the art consultant Helge, negotiated on 11th November for the first time in court.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of the founder Theo Albrecht, call in a civil suit at the Düsseldorf court damages of 19.4 million euros, and two of his companies in bankruptcy.
On Monday, a court spokeswoman said.
In the Complaint states, have cheated with the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and Berthold Albrecht charged higher than actually paid purchase prices.
This is the higher commission.
I bought for 121 million euros, valuables for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wings
He was a teacher for 44 years, 23 as head of the school.
This time, Manfred Richter knows many of Peter's house, and Koll, from their time as a student.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always in his quest to see the people in the school.
The Snezka is the most famous mountain in the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motif from his home.
Richter was born in 1930, northern Bohemia, Trutnov today.
In 14, he was interested in the teaching profession after four years of secondary school.
One year later, the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half a hour, the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp in Bavaria, it was 1946 - in the freight car.
So judges staggered into the Upper Franconian lower village.
The teacher training took place in Bamberg, Germany.
Manfred Richter had to run ten miles six times a week to the next station, take the train to Bamberg, three kilometres across the entire city and go back to school.
After two months, got Manfred Richter in a Red Cross home in Bamberg a sleeping: along with up to 15 students in a dormitory.
In 1951 he made the first and 1954 candidates after three years of teaching the second exam.
Because he was not free to teachers, he applied to Upper Bavaria and came to the school in the creek on 1 November 1954.
The "Miss Room" was his first "service" in the school.
In 1958 he was referring to the house next to the school teacher, a three -room apartment service.
This house bought Manfred Richter, 1980, after the school was dissolved in 1968, Bach.
In the meantime, there was a school association Peter Bach - Koll Bach, three classes and Peter, five.
From the school in 1968/69, Peter, in today's town hall.
When it was founded in the Indian village school association, remained the primary school in the village.
In order to avoid demotion in the smaller school, according to Karl, the former rector of Georg Sigl and Manfred Richter was his successor.
But Peter grew, and so could the children and their teachers from September 1982, the current building, which was expanded in 1997 after Judge retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of the then mayor Ludwig Goetz, a workroom at community costs and in the expansion of 1997 cellars built, although that was not eligible under the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Goetz was very friendly," recalled school judges.
Throughout his career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative, who had responded to a school on law and justice: "we must never forget the love." Manfred Richter set up what he had heard as a young teacher.
"We need to give the children two things: roots and wings," says the 84 -year-old.
And he had to learn: "do not always succeed." Whether he means to his students or just his own six children, is not entirely clear.
In any case, the judge was sometimes unconventional.
If they are students, he got a criminal work and were not ordered to sit.
At the expense of the community, judges had to buy two pairs of boxing gloves and left the two sides against each other, even if there should be a violet.
For the good of the school of judges as rector of a good relationship with the former mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This moved the French judges after his retirement to last at least 1996 candidates on the CSU list for the municipal council.
But the judge was selected in six and joined the CSU.
180 kilometres in three days
HR4 - WITHIN 700 cyclists lay in the park of Bad salt, and Scots stopovers a
When cycling on their tour in Bad salt, or Scots, that in itself is nothing special.
On Friday, however, the number of rest alone made up of an impression: the 700 participants - cycling and accompanying Tross enjoyed a break at the bottom of the bath salt, and later an open-air party in Schott's old castle park.
Under the motto "and celebrate the newly discovered pathways between Nidda and the participants had met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and witnessed a concert by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday, it became seriously: the cyclists took the first stage, 60 kilometers over the city to Bad salt, and Scots.
The athletes were in the bath salt, the mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who was startup in Bad Vilbel by bicycle, and the head of the company's own bath salt, Petra Schwing, Doering, welcomed.
The refreshment of body and spirit had been prepared for all sorts of good things: the rural women from Ranstadt and low Mock city had 85 plates, baked apple, Zwetschen streusel cake and cheesecake, the mouth of the wonderfully talented cyclists.
"This kind of cake can bake only rural women," a participant from Aulendiebach, while he was yet another piece.
The state of the beverage association, could be purchased - Nidda cold refreshments.
The "Bravo" duo of visitors with famous melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful surroundings of the park was relaxing.
Moreover, Mr enjoyed a massage from his partner: "he has earned, he has attached abgesprungene bicycle chains."
Meanwhile, the mayor had to work and the head of the company: they were drinking at the fountain in front of the house of reporters interviewed Rainer Janke and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for the bath salt.
The promotional boss Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 - cycling tour in 2004 as a tour director, was able to briefly break he had plenty to do with the technology.
His pickup truck, in which he communicated via three telephones and a radio with his staff and the 15 -strong motorcycle police squadron Hessen, Facebook entries and wrote reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of participants from the Rhine-Main area," he said, "but also from Gießen or Fulda, from Lauterbach or the Taunus and even from many cities in Westphalia travelled cyclists.
The number of participants is a bit of the available accommodation capacities.
In Category I, the participants will be accommodated in hotels, in Category II in collective accommodation.
The cyclist from the resort had a good impression when they departed after a hour and a half: "bye!"
"It was beautiful in the salt bath!" They lifesaver good-bye.
After arriving in Scotland, the group was allowed to take a brief respite.
But in the evening, the cyclists were claimed in the idyllic old castle park.
Under the direction of Schott's company for tourism and Stadtmarketing (GTS), the park had a beautiful festival atmosphere and, of course, we had some tart prepared with chilled white feather.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS - Managing Director Markus Hoßfeld and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner - Sachs in his capacity as a member of the board of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased about the "many operations in Scotland."
DJ Tobias Hagen then gave the dance stage.
The opportunity for a moving outdoors despite the sporting activity was used on the bike.
Among the guests were increasingly citizens who were charmed by the good mood as well as the large number of cyclists.
On the second day, the cyclists were the stations Birstein, Guardian Bach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of excited, the athletes met again in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested for "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy" against the government, local media agencies.
The police gave no immediate comment.
Among those arrested were 14 senior police officers, Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested because they allegedly formed an organized criminal group and had tapped telephone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (Prime Minister) described their actions at the time was part of the activities of the Islamist cleric Fethulla Guellen cited against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children return to school back in Ukraine
Schools opened almost everywhere in Ukraine on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and thousands of other Ukrainian parents brought Prime Minister Yatsenyuk Arsenij his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists that not all schools had opened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations.
The celebrations were held in September in every school.
The sky is not everywhere over Ukraine peacefully.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian Front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk who visited Jazenjuks daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace is finally here, and that the children receive an education that they will be useful in life.
The first day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated, with the children embroidered shirts, balloons and flowers to pay their teachers.
The BBC has found with Rona fair, perhaps the great director, it needs.
She meets with a proud glory, from the banking world, the media and the inner circle of the Tory Party.
And it has its own front experience.
Her career began in the global management consultancy Bain and Co., which they have moved to Morgan Stanley, the decoding of ICI and the media's.
She was seven years and resigned as chairman of the Financial Times, the top post of the parent company's to a younger male colleagues.
Their compensation was supposedly almost £1 million.
Their political ranking is solid.
David Cameron was recommended by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, when it was looking for more private-sector knowledge in Whitehall: she became a consultant of the cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
In May, I described the role of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only does the BBC as a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: internally to the first guard on the BBC's own management hierarchy, but also to the outside world as the voice of public concern and anxiety when things go wrong.
This creates an almost unsustainable duopoly, which requires a full comprehensive reform.
But what new incoming chairman, it would risk everything and increase an institution as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he may bring himself to his job.
It is a difficult task.
As if this is not enough, many are interested to see the BBC reduced - power, money and status.
While the competition is threatening comfortable certainties of old and new technologies, the forthcoming negotiation of license fees for the BBC with special dangers.
For the modest sum of £145.50 a year, the British public is buying into the largest media company in the world, certainly.
The BBC tells a good story: she says that it reaches 96 percent of all households and costs each of them only 40 pence a day.
And apparently the BBC rises back to the top of the scale of popularity: 53 percent support them today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The impaired vision and habits have changed for the BBC today: I get news headlines on my mobile phone and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and significant institution.
It needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found it.
Perry says that Texas was not authorized derogatory tweet
A tweet from the official account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a disparaging remark about the democratic state district attorney who is at the heart of a criminal indictment against him for misuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another of Perry's account, the abstritt the previous.
Just a tweet was sent from my account, I was not authorized.
"I do not approve of the tweet and I have deleted it," it said in the message.
Employees of Perry responded immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets of Perry's official account, it was not clear who actually uses the feed.
In the previous tweet was an unfavourable image of the district attorney of Travis County, Rosemary, Berg, who was sentenced in April 2013 due to drink-driving.
Perry put a veto on a financial support of their offices, when they refused to resign, which could be an indictment of Perry - possibly 2016 presidential candidate - led to a grand jury this month in Austin.
The text of the tweets: "I'm not always drunk with the triple allowable alcohol level... But if I do, I accuse Governor Perry when he ausplaudert."
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Clay's office was not entrusted with the leadership on the study of the Grand Jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was chosen by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the indictment a political trick.
His high-class team of legal assistance requested by the judges, the prosecution of the case and argued that the law, which proceeded against the longest-serving governor in the history of the State of Texas, is the version according to diffuse.
Perry stopped $7.5 million in state money to the Public Integrity Unit of the state - which is based in Travis County and identified in cases of public corruption in Texas - refused to resign as a mud hill.
This veto was a public complaint by a leftist watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently and sometimes famous.
After completing the rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy in 2012 as the fifth, Perry went on speculation that he will stop by posting a tweet a photo of a jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we come!"
Berkeley explains housing again for "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England, "returned to normal levels."
Homes in the capital were highly sought-after and subject to huge price increases, which the Bank of England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble in June led to put limits on mortgage loans.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of the company, Berkeley said on Monday: "since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013," adding that this is a "stable environment" in action.
The housing market in London was set up during the downturn, as well as foreign buyers in the capital.
According to the official cadastre, prices have risen in the last year alone jumped by 18.5 percent, far more than the average rise in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling prices in Berkeleys private, cheap and student offers rose by around a fifth in the past year, and the end of April to £423,000.
A stronger pound has made in recent months, however, property in London less attractive to foreign buyers - some of them are also through the introduction of new real estate taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "tax" has been deterred before the general election next May.
The London estate agents Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage market report for April, presented in the tougher lending rules, also in the second half of the year would lead to lower market growth in both the property and prices.
New data from the Bank of England on Monday showing a decline in mortgage approval in July, which also indicates that the housing market cools.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, revised its forecast for the rise in house prices in London for 2015 down to 3 percent, on the basis of an already faltering Hauspreisbewußtseins.
The transaction volume in the most expensive areas of London like Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, meanwhile, has fallen by a quarter year on year, so the broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the desire for a home in the capital city of Berkeley is a blessing, with the amounts due to date sales to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "the demand for the right, well planned product in the best locations remained stable, and as a result, the date sales have remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis.
Annual pre-tax earnings rose by 40 percent to £280 million per year, sales by 18 percent to £1.6 billion.
In a statement on Monday before the annual meeting of the company, Mr Pidgley said that the revenues would be expected for Berkeley in the current year, the current market expectations.
The analysts estimate £450 million in annual pre-tax earnings.
Berkeley shares were fixed at £23.96 in the afternoon trading in London.
By Jennifer Lawrence, published by hackers on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence, appearing at the 85 th.
"The Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a" master list "of images of 100 other starlets.
A representative of the stars from "the Tribute of Panem" confirmed that the real photos of Lawrence and the hacker sued for "flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been notified and will continue to pursue those who post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally posted on the photosharing site 4 chan, were allegedly obtained through a gap in the online storage system iCloud from Apple. The alleged "master list" of hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, Buzzfeed reported.
It is not certain how many of the images are real, though, the star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the rest of the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"For those of you who look at photos that my husband and I have started years ago in the private environment of our house - I hope you are entirely satisfied with you," Wilson wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "victorious" but denied that the photos and images of her twee, "these so-called nude photos of me are GEFAeLSCHT, people.
We defend the beginnings. * pun intended *.
Buzzfeed reported late on Sunday, a spokesman for the pop star Ariana Grande the authenticity of the alleged photos of her abstritt.
Exclusive extract from Howard Jacob's hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter "J."
You zerflossen, so the best way to describe it, it could be resolved slowly, like a cardboard box, which has been in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he was too serious, demanding, intense, scratching, and perhaps a little brush.
And then he shook their hands.
The brush, he knew.
He was stachelig, such as hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim was just starting this Stacheligkeit affair, which has been promising to alleviate the boredom of his life than he would have otherwise, and perhaps even a degree of satisfaction.
Ailinn solo Mons was a delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart trembling from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and rough than Port Reuben.
It came with an older accompaniment to the south, considered the Kevern for her aunt, and had inherited a plot in a damp but heavenly valley with the aptly named Paradise Valley.
Over several years, no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were in the water baths were still spiders, slugs had left their mark on all windows and believed that they belong to all of this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant cabbage.
It was like the house from a children's story, both menacing and enticing, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the list for the Man Booker Prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week.
Ailinn Kevern had sat with hands on the broken chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had joined in the spirit of service console, which supplied the country with soothing music and soothing news than the sight of the brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long-forgotten black entertainer, happy his father had closed shutters in the house.
Your feet are too big.
On the basis of their own aggressive songs of this kind were not played on the console.
Not banned - nothing was forbidden - simply not played.
It has been successfully obsolesziert obsoleszieren as the word.
In the general taste, which had never managed decrees and regulations, and how the people in the books From the dishwasher - for a millionaire - memoirs, novels, cookbooks and love for the music they chose the ballads.
In the euphoria of the day Kevern began to play an imaginary piano and sing in a coarse comic serenade Ailinns big feet.
Ailinn did not understand this.
"This was a well-known song of a jazz pianist named Fats Waller," he said, and automatically presented two fingers to his lips.
His father had done to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It began as a game between him and his father, when he was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, he had told.
If you have a word with a J start without two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
Even then, it was not a very fun game, and even now it was not very funny.
He knew that this was all that was expected of him.
It had to explain what jazz was.
What Ailinn had never heard.
Jazz was, even though he was not directly prohibited, not played.
The improvisation was no longer fashionable.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
The people wanted to be quite sure where it would end up at the beginning of a melody.
Likewise, the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically expressible mind.
Although he was 10 years old, without being heard by Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz from the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to explain Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
They probably could not remember her age at a time when the pop singers were not black.
Again, no laws or constraints.
A compliant society meant that each element of this company agreed to the principle of groups like the talent - and grateful to fate.
African-American people of Caribbean origin were suited by temperament and conformation for entertainment and sports, so they sang and ran.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent, were blessed by nature with electronic talent and were charged with ensuring that no family was left without a functioning telephone service.
What was left of the Polish community, took care of the sewage system; what was left shattered by the Greeks.
Those from the Gulf and the Levant, whose grandparents had left the country soon as WHAT HAPPENED IF THERE IS WAR, WAR happened - for fear of being accused of Feuerschuerens, fearing that the flames would consume the next - had opened Labneh and shisha pipes - restaurants, were given and were depressed by inaction.
Each according to his abilities.
Since she had heard Ailinn only ballads, it was difficult to understand how the insulting words which had her Kevern, could be just as ever.
Music was an expression of love.
"We are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too big.
My father has never insulted anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him a false sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of the giant cabbage leaves.
Ailinn still not understood.
Why your father should have something to love?
He wanted to say that there was a thump, but hesitated to put two fingers on the lips in their presence.
They already thought that he was a little strange.
"It appeared to him instead," he said.
She shook her head in disbelief and kept Keverns view.
There was nothing else in the world to see their ungekaemmtes raven black hair.
There was nothing that he otherwise would want to see.
"If you say it," they mean without conviction.
But this doesn't explain why you vorsingst me.
She seemed genuinely concerned.
My feet are too big?
He saw again.
Your feet are not directly.
Maybe your ankles, a little bit...
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
You hate?
Of course, I do not hate you.
This is just the silly song.
He could have said "I love you," but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly the reason why you think," he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That was not correct.
It was meant to be funny.
When he tried to be funny, he was often in trouble because he did not like his father about the soothing charm, needed to restrain the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Perhaps his father also wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be the Kevern.
Despite his friendly eyes.
Ailinn solo Mons was red and arose out of her chair, threw the console and buried the wine that they had drunk.
Elderberry flower wine, so it was no excuse for drunkenness.
They seemed to tremble in their excitement, such as palm fronds in the storm.
"And your thick head is exactly the reason why I am perverse to you," she said.
Except that I am not at all.
It did him tired, both because of the unnecessary cost of his words as well as the fear that was demonstrated in their eyes when they rebelled against him.
She thought that he would beat them?
She had not told him of the life on the cold northern archipelago, where she was raised, but he had no doubt that it was essentially as here.
The same huge and icy ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same men who have been confused with a thicker skin and verdrießlicher, WHAT HAPPENED TO WAR than were their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, went from pub to pub, always ready to raise a hand against a woman who refused or derided.
Thick head?
It would have shown her a thick fist when they don't care!
They only canoodle - Deathstar was the word most often used for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the bland love ballads from the console - and then they laughed.
The Keverns view was an unnecessary refinement, as was the Deathstar itself an act of violence.
Ailinn solo Mons gave him to go through her body a sign.
He arose from the deckchair as an old man.
She also felt bleiern, but she was surprised by the ferocity of his grief.
That was not the end of the world.
They hardly knew, however.
She saw him on how he removed as from a room on the upper floor of their companion - a man who complained to him by what he had created himself.
Adam leaves the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against them.
A man, she turned back, ashamed to be defeated without fighting spirit - why was this a sight seemed to know them well, if they could not remember a single time, but they had seen something before the day before?
When she was alone again, looked Ailinn solo Mons on her feet.
A number of years before the events worked just told Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher commissioned by Ofnow, the non-legislative body for the public mood, in a brief presentation on the continued violence on low and middle level in the areas of the country where the reduction, if not abolished, will most likely have been expected, given the money and energy that had been invested in the eradication of violence.
"A lot done, and much still needs to be done," she wrote, "to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people that had a thousand wars and won most of them, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country, where the sweet breath of human kindness historically seen despite the towering spires between the hedges was rarely felt.
But some properties are ineradicable.
The higher the steeple, it seems, the less the passion that he continues to inspire.
The people weep when listening to sentimental ballads, enthralled claims to overcome difficulties and stories about the virtues of marriage and family life, but does not believe only the former rudeness of rural communities, as well as our urban fabric firmly in the hands, but there is also evidence of the emergence of a new and insidious argument is looking at home, at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," said her mentor, when he had read the entire report.
I suggest that you read less novels.
ESME Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: are you atheist?
"I think I have to say," said Esme Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme was once again on their right to privacy and refusal to testify.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I am not asking this," said Luther Rabinowitz, finally, "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a prejudice free workplace.
We serve a prejudice free society.
But certain types of hypersensitivity that are absolutely unacceptable and commendable in itself, can occasionally results, as you have presented to distort them.
You obviously have prejudices against the church, and these things that you describe as "cowardly" and "raw" could be interpreted by others as well, of course, as an expression of strength and vitality.
If you ride around on WHAT IS IF THERE IS, as if it would have happened if it had happened yesterday, means the country's essential vitality.
ESME Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head repeated a LED sticker in Flamingo pink Ofnow the advice that gave the country in the last quarter of a century or more.
Smile, you appreciate their neighbors, their partners, listen to ballads, visit musicals, use your phone, you talk, you listen, you agree to apologize.
Speaking is better than silence, the song is better than the written word, but nothing is better than love.
"I understand completely what you want," said Esme Nussbaum with a quiet voice, when she was sure that her boss had spoken to an end, "and I say that we are not yet healed as effective as we delude ourselves.
My concern is that we find ourselves without warning, perhaps, as we repeat the mistakes in the first place, IF THERE IS THIS WHAT IS.
This time, however, it is not others where we miss our anger and our mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz, a pyramid with hands.
In order to indicate a patient.
"They go too far," he said, "if you act as a" mistake "that our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They also go too far when you say that their "anger" and their "mistrust" of "others" had left out.
It should not really be necessary to remind someone in your position that we understand the past, such as the protection of the present, not by "us" and "other."
There was no "we" and there was no "other."
It was a time of disorder, that is all we know.
"If we are honest with ourselves," dared to Esme, "no part of society can claim to have behaved well.
I accuse anybody.
Whether it was done badly or well, what has happened has happened.
That was then.
Nothing more needs to be said - we are all agreed.
And just as no blame must be assigned, it must be repaid, not to blame, if such a repayment would be appropriate and if there were a way to eradicate it.
But what if we do not learn from the past -
The past is that we forget them.
If I may say something about that -
Luther Rabinowitz did coincide his pyramid.
"I will remember her report," he said, and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, was run over by a motorcyclist, who, as passers-by described, in a kind of "brutal rage" was driven onto the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho military member says that no coup is planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Military officials in Lesotho contended from planning a coup to overthrow the government and said that they were against police officers accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled from the country and said that the army of the country's official residence and have occupied government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Premier brought his family into the neighbouring South Africa, after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was no coup de facto, but that the military response to the threat from "political fanatics" who were armed by the police.
"What happened this morning was that the staff of the defence forces of Lesotho, after he had received several intelligence reports that some elements within the police, who actually wanted to arm some of the political, partisan young fanatics who were on the verge of causing devastating damage," he told the Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said that military action had the impression of a revolution.
"Even though no one has claimed to have seized the government through violence, all reports agree that the activities of the Lesotho Defense Forces so far, signs of a coup," he said.
The military spokesman of Lesotho, on Sunday that the soldiers returned to their barracks, and the situation was calm in the capital.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing governance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believes that he is because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country, has become a target.
In Lesotho, there were great tensions since June, after Thabane suspended sittings due to the conflicts in his unity government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government, despite allegations to the contrary.
Production in the euro area on a 13-month low
The increase in production in the eurozone slowed in August to the lowest point in the last 13 months, a closely watched study.
The final Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) fell to 50.7 in August, after a stand of 51.8 in July.
An indication of 50 gives an expansion.
New orders went back and saw factories at a time of rising tension, between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures come before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the bank a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery of the eurozone and the threat of deflation with an inflation rate of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could make further details later this week if he draws a quantitative easing for the eurozone, according to those who have been made by Britain and the U.S. during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, have become the restraining effects of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for the manufacturers," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months, with 51.4.
In the meantime, the second largest economy of the bloc, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France remains a problem child, as well as the descent of Italy from a solid expansion to stagnation.
Indications that growth incentives in key industrial machinery, as well as in Spain, Germany and the Netherlands are also not reassuring, "said Mr Dobson.
The decline in the industry is fueling the fire of the analysts expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Good news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economics expert at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best thing that can be said for the purchasing managers index of manufacturing in the euro area in August, is that the sector continues to grow."
He added: "producers in the eurozone find life difficult at the moment, obviously, since the current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly in relation to Russia and Ukraine - continue to increase uncertainties in the difficult conditions in many countries.
These increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and probably lead to some contracts being delayed or even cancelled, especially large contracts.
He said that it is "increasingly likely" that the ECB should launch a kind of QE, "although we suspect that this will be limited."
The hellish year of the survivors of Beslan: ten years have passed since the terrible siege of the school, such as the suffering of children today.
Ten years ago, over 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants at a school in Beslan in Homestead.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the day ordeal that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan, in order to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the atrocity in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific Beslan school siege, in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night before a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As a fanatical Islamist terrorists, children and parents on September 1, 2004, the start of a new academic year, captured and killed, seemed to like the Boeseste of evil.
The tragedy united West and East in disgust, and then surprisingly turned into action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later we have returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the atrocity in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome the resistance, although the memory of this terrorist hell will pursue them forever.
Their best hope?
The war that has plagued Ukraine - and the children as they die - is now at an end.
The girl who was photographed in trying to meet the school sports hall zurueckzuklettern
She was photographed by the Russian Star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous, when she tried only in their underwear, zurueckzuklettern in the English school sports hall after a mine exploded.
Aida was completely confused after her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both have been left for dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not," said Aida.
My legs were bloodied.
I stood up and climbed again, to search for my mother.
A soldier brought her to safety.
After a series of operations, she was healed completely, but said yesterday: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I must be operated on again.
Some shrapnel shards are still in my knees.
Their goal is to become a dentist to help the people, as they have been helped by doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it has not been broken," she says pugnacious.
"This has happened to me, and that cannot be changed.
I always go to the gym once a year to remember those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together, when we were small, and dreamed of going to school together.
"I don't want to marry until I finish my studies and my career will begin.
I think a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, although the memory of every year something weak.
I am glad that many people in the world, to our horror, and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in Britain and everywhere.
The online photo of me when I see how I zurueckklettere in school, I think that many people see it for the first time, our disaster and help to understand that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled through the bullets, in the opinion of his mother is dead
It was his first day of school (Russians go with 7 years in school) and survived the siege in the arms of his mother Tamara.
When, he said: "Mama has told me to lie down if there was an explosion, and hold their hand."
After an explosion, he thought she would die.
She said to him: "run."
Terrified that it could be dead, he fled and saw on the way to a baby, it took at hand and fled through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who completed his son out into the arms, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In reality, Tamara was stumbled outside and leg injuries in the hospital, in turn, on the assumption that her son had died.
After its reunification, she said: "I wept for joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir was flown to London (from the now dissolved newspaper News of the World), by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie to receive the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion.
"This horror is following you every day, but I wish I could stop the remembering," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it is in my memory.
I know that I then threw all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shot scenes, and that is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back into the gym, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the courtyard, and which have failed.
We never say that they have been killed or are dead.
We say that they have remained in the sports hall.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially in the toy shop, where I could choose everything I wanted, and the journey in an open top car.
But now he is afraid of a place like Ukraine, where wars are causing the kind of accident that he and his friends suffered.
This horror is following you every day, but I wish I could stop to remember.
"I am so sorry to all those who suffer from the horrors," said Damir, worked as a volunteer in a monastery last week.
I am so happy to help.
I hope one day will go to the police and take me to the training academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children were killed in our neighborhood, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children who were able to create and run around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers her trip to London with Damir.
The people wept in London, when I told our story.
I then understood how people can understand on the other side of the world our feelings, and show their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the price and the opportunity to travel to London in the autumn of 2004.
I wish I could call and tell her own Cherie that 10 years have passed, but I still remember the meeting of her and her husband in London, and how the Damir and helped me.
I remember how Damir wanted to eat borsch and they all cried local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot with his water gun on them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British so readily shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world is not better in these 10 years.
The war in Ukraine is now, and people are dying every day, and I believe that many children have been killed and killed.
These are precisely the kind of children like ours.
I think that for many of the war is a part of the news that they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I know what these people simply feel that the whole horror.
And I can't stop it, to feel that.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir was great and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not at all aggressive or angry.
For example, he is not looking for revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the past horrors.
I know that he does not like it, but he has six close friends from the class and sometimes they go into the gym and ignite candles there.
He suffered when he was small, including - I remember how he sometimes put on the sofa, turned the face of us for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys. Damir is now 17, bigger than me, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that I was a few hours so sure he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I came to me after the explosion, and on its feet, I saw myself, and saw the hell around me, with all the body parts.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could have survived in this hell impossible.
"I remember that I called him," Damir, "but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and he ran away.
And so goes the life, unlike many others, for us.
Georgi Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible image after the siege was a symbol of the horrors of Beslan
Consolation: the Beslan survivors Georgi Lyin with his mother, Fatima, 2004, right after the siege of Georgi today
His blutueberstroemtes face was marked by fear when he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dismissed him for his first day of school before they rushed to get their older son Vladimir to university.
"I left the court about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and my little boy remained there for three terrible days alone," she remembers.
Not alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were all killed.
Only my Georgi managed to survive.
As the date draws nearer, the harder it is to remember and to talk about it.
There is no single day that we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it is a long time ago, I think it would have happened yesterday, I am constantly watching some scenes from these days.
Nobody will ever forget, I promise you.
Urgent: the image of Georgi (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (right).
I remember that wanted to go to school, so keen on this day. He said that he wanted to embrace his teacher.
I only knew that he was alive, when I saw him on television.
And now there is even a statue of the weeping Georgi in San Marino.
Georgy does not look like the picture, and it is hidden at home with us on the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that people around the world feel our pain, thanks to this image.
Georgy today says: "it is important that this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we ever learn the truth.
People constantly examine such tragedies and never learn the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
The horror of this world becomes something.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget about it a little bit.
It has attacked my health and I feel it still.
About three or four years I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
Later in 2004, I went back to school and had scared every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed.
That is why I always go to the gym, when the 1th of September.
I want to pay my tribute to my old childhood friends.
It is hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to do it.
I do not feel as victims, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I am not sorry.
My life goes on.
I have concluded the school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was a training in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health did not.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgi Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, even though he was caught at the feet of murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgi Fanijew was trapped during the siege at the feet of a murderous terrorist, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was captured in the hall and sat next to the bomb, which was mounted at the feet of murderous terrorists.
It is really a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it as if it were yesterday," says Georgi, who wanted to go as an intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not do so because of his health damage due to the siege.
It is still with me, it is nothing that I have left behind me.
I am older now and people say that children can deal easily with terrible experiences - I have to say that is not true.
"I worked with 2006 psychologists and then actually felt a little better, but I cannot forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - the year after - was the first and only time I went back into the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never go back there and please do not ask me to show you where I have sat in this famous image.
Philippa: Georgi Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is enormous and I wear it every day with me.
My friends know that I do not like to think or talk about and they never asked me after school.
Physically, it is good to me.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can now run well.
But because of my health, I was unable to study at the FSB secret service academy in Saint Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have my papers submitted to the medical and they replied that it was not possible.
My second passion was the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals, from cats to cows. "
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children from my experience.
Children should not know about it and they should not suffer, of course.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "this pain never leaves me.
In my soul, it is worse when the anniversary.
I will go to the celebration of the memory.
I know that will not go in.
It must be even more intense for him, because he was not there and I.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me. All of them are here in Beslan.
It remains to us.
Georgy is now an adult, but he is still in this horror.
It is hard to accept that if something happened to be business-friendly.
He is a boy, he likes sport because of his knee, but he is unable.
He has been operated on several occasions, he can run, but no sport.
I would say that he has overcome the horror of 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forget.
This terrible experience will always follow.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the siege and that only reinforces my pain.
I have lost a lot of people who I knew well and were expensive to me.
My son is with me, and that is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries for the slain.
I know of families in which children were born, but also of widows who have never married.
It is difficult to accept that life goes on, even if this is not.
I will never forget how I jumped in my heart when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what is going on in the world - wars in other regions.
These people are fighting for what?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I cannot believe this.
We were a friendly country, how can it be that we are fighting now?
People are suffering and children, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine and many more are being killed.
If we could only throw up all these rebels - as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby, which was worn so poignantly by a Special Operations Command in Security
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is brought by a Russian Special Operations command in security (left).
It is now ten (right) and does not remember anything about the atrocities
In 2004, the world held their breath as the baby Aljona was carried in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists thought they would go, but in their cruelty, their 30-year-old mother, the 10-year-old sister Kristina and her brother Makhar in the school sports hall.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Since then, her father Ruslan has married again and with his new wife, Svetlana, a little girl that he called after his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now ten years old, does not remember the siege and has grown into an intelligent and happy girl, neighbors say.
"They are now a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories, with the tenth anniversary of the dawn.
You will understand why.
Man accused of girls on pedestrian crossing in Fife to have
A 78-year-old man is due to the driving of a girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife.
Gordon Steward is accused of a girl on the transition in Pittenween in East Neuk.
The prosecution claims Mr Steward have steered his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and hurt the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation against the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC continued the procedure for January.
4 tips for better pictures and videos
If you want to make photos or videos under water, there are a variety of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof Point and Shoot, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or Action Cam, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, which are both for about $300.
I took these photos with a family celebration with several cameras, which are all available at a price of less than $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery pack and other subjects are closed.
Put your camera on the photos or videos that you want to get in.
Some cameras and camcorders have scenes and recording, which optimizes the exposure time for the underwater twilight conditions.
And before you jump into it, check until the depth of your equipment.
Some cameras are allowed only for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Browse our buyers and the ratings for digital cameras for conventional and waterproof models.
Take multiple shots - because not many fold.
Point and shoot cameras have a LCD, with which you can compose images, not normally action cams.
Even if you have a LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the right picture setting is a matter of chance.
So make a lot of shots.
If your camera has a row mode, which made a series of recordings with slightly altered exposure settings, you can use it.
Stay near the surface.
The light is dramatically worse, ever further away from the surface.
If so, you can stay close to the surface, if you are shooting in a pool, a lake or the sea.
This allows you to bring more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less you will see color.
Go close to the objects.
This is also a good advice on land, but it is all the more important because of the poor lighting conditions under water.
It is particularly important if you are working with an Action Cam: these devices often have a wide-angle lens, which means that you need to get closer to your objects if they are to fill the whole picture.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the sort, whose character changed things, even in such a huge organisation like the NHS.
He spent his career as a consulting anesthetist the task of the sick to avoid both the agony of the disease as well as the agony of the treatment.
Among his patients, remembers his wife, was a MI6 employee, who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the doctors are important diagnoses and diseases, while the cases mostly with something quite different: pain.
But one day in 2007, he was the one who started his ordeal.
"I have not felt," he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulties to pick me up.
While he fought with the flu similar symptoms, he noticed that he made his wife Juliet impatient accusations.
"I want everything immediately rather than later," he said.
When Juliet for a week on a business trip, felt disturbed by Lawson, unusually, and without reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out a radiograph of his chest.
Just two weeks ago, he was in the French Alps for skiing.
The result of the radiograph was before.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the breast skin, attacking the skin covering the lungs.
As with most cancers is usually difficult to determine the exact cause.
While some smokers with lung cancer, for example, have been previously diagnosed with lung cancer, not all smokers.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger of asbestos contamination - contact with the fiber material, which was once called the "miracle material" but was recognized as lethal.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that is easy to ignore.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous type was not used in Britain since the 1960 s, when the industry voluntarily committed itself to not using this.
Even where it was used, only people worked directly with the material in certain sectors - plumbers, construction workers, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial risk material from another time, he hardly seems to be worrying.
But complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, is the culmination of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from this disease than in road accidents.
Annual figures of Mesotheliomtodesfaelle since 1980 and likely future deaths in Britain
The reason why we see the deadly effects of asbestos for years now, even though it is illegal (all types of asbestos were banned in 1999), is that after decades of a mesothelioma.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers in the construction industry.
Asbestos was and still is often found in the houses in which we live, the offices we work in, the schools where we learn and the shops where we shop.
And that is why mesothelioma knows no class barriers, financial limitations, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not protected.
The buildings are contaminated with asbestos.
Even in the hospitals where we are supposed to be healthy, have been identified as a result of this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also not a plumber.
In fact, it was difficult to imagine where he could possibly have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out.
"It looks as if the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed my training for six years, there was a lot of asbestos." He wrote.
All students, nurses, doctors and porter - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my peers will suffer from the same illness?
Unfortunately he was unable to answer this question, at least in part.
"Of the four doctors who were trained at Guy's Hospital, and in the last five years, mesothelioma patients," he wrote in a 2010 letter, "I am the last one is still alive."
How many of us will fall ill?
When Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the age of 48.
When he died on 17 February this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long time.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within 8 months after diagnosis.
The disease always ends fatally.
We can therefore only reiterate Lawson's question: "how many of us will fall ill?"
The UK's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain is expected to come to a standstill, will be a total of 90,000 fallen victim to the disease.
At the moment, most of them have no idea that they will die.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick glance at the files of the courts, which often turn for claims, shows how widespread the scourge of Mesothelioms already.
In June this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, Janice Allen negligently exposed to asbestos.
She worked for nine years for the chain, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible for the clothing department in two locations - one of the flagship in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years when she began her career at M.
Now she has two children in their twenties.
"Before this," she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I don't really knew anything about asbestos.
I never thought that I would deal with it.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the concept of asbestos is a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word "Asbestiform," a description of the fiber structure, which makes the fabric resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in construction.
Chrysotile asbestos, also known as white asbestos is now by far the most frequently found asbestos in buildings.
It was on the floor of plates, pipe insulation, boiler insulations, used even for brake pads in cars.
It is less lethal than other forms of asbestos, but by the EU and the WHO as a "great risk" with possible casualties.
More dangerous, however, is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "it's clear, but indirect evidence that this was a major reason for the uniquely high Mesotheliomraten."
An employee of Marks & Spencer was in store in Oxford Street, London, exposed to asbestos Alamy
Janice Allen may not be seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that their story is not unusual.
He presented a study of those affected, showing that "a significant proportion of mesotheliomia without well-known suspension was caused by work or home, presumably by asbestos exposure in the environment."
A large part of these contacts is based his statement on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It seems that no one could expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which studied the palace of Westminster, shows how people in the heart of the government have been unknowingly exposed to the substance may be.
2009 Goddard reported that the service shafts were contaminated and pipes behind the committee rooms of the Parliament, whose deadly asbestos fibres could be caused by something as harmless as "strong" air movements.
MEPs are often accused of looking after their own interests, but here it looks as if the opposite.
While the management of the Parliamentary Labor Service that the Westminster Palace have received a "clean" health certificate, it is now indisputable that must be raised to £1 billion over several years to renovate Parliament to modernise the electrical installations and to remove the asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election will meet members of the QE2 conference centre in nearby rather than on the green benches in Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All we can do now is wait.
A person who was able to determine the exposure to asbestos is never exactly Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
Like Andrew Lawson, the 50-year-old Abbott believed that he was exposed to asbestos during his work in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital in the asbestos lawsuits were decided positively," he says, "but I can't prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places where we worked, and to the data.
He still remembers the day in early December 2009, in which he got a kind of fever.
He was just 45, and led an operation by late evening.
Suddenly, I had chills.
It came suddenly.
I felt terrible.
I thought not to create the ride home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain from the chest skin, the skin around his lungs came around.
But, like Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He was not a month to work.
Doctors were surprised to see Pleurakathether x-rays of his chest and put fluid from the lungs and test in the laboratory.
His complaints, however, remained without a diagnosis.
His health is slowly, and he returned to his job.
However, the symptoms returned from time to time, often after physical activity and heavy breathing.
Abbott's 2011 came with similar symptoms a patient in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, Abbott is not his own case.
After all, his patient was several decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection was clear in the case.
Abbott's condition deteriorated again in September 2011 and his family doctor brought his CT scans and x-rays to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after the first time Abbott had felt ill, introduced a camera equipped with a probe into the cave between the ribs and chest fur.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go, "he says.
Frankly, I had made so many concerns.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year's Day: "I was told that it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosis of mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott had appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of whom he recommended taking a lawyer.
Only now he realized the extent of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was spread very far, especially in large public buildings, which were often isolated pipes with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now become ill.
And so mesothelioma is now younger people who have not worked in the professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were under the earth, so patients were more likely to be exposed to the substance.
But many employees, who alternated in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another (such as Andrew Lawson), or in underground canteens (as did Graham Abbott often), most likely came into contact with toxic substances.
It turns out that for several decades after the war were hospitals for patients may be lifesaving, but life-threatening for the treating physicians.
It will still be removed.
Students showed their bunsenburner asbestos mats.
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos was due to its fabulous insulating and flame retardant properties often used in offices, shops, libraries and city halls.
Even schools.
Indeed, many people probably have had the first contact with asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, thousands of hours of chemistry students have parked their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
The website is now often mentioned the issue of asbestos in schools.
And, meanwhile, have included innocent objects in our homes, such as floor plates or scales by default asbestos roofs.
"It is an industrial poison that is contained in large parts of our properties," said Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who has represented Andrew Lawson in his trial against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, was the only contact the women affected by the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970 s.
So you have to be careful how you tear off your garden shed.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to digest," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I realized that I couldn't concentrate on what I did.
I was two weeks in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and take care of myself.
Well, I will not see another Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the change from the position of a doctor to the patient.
Like countless patients before him, he recalls how he was overwhelmed by all the information with which he had to come.
"It was very difficult to include everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor," how long do I have? "
And you gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, "well, I will not see another Christmas.
That's it. ""
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life conservation mechanism - breathing itself - is that caused the deadly cancer.
The majority of cases of mesothelioma caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
If the asbestos is kicked up and the fibres are inhaled, they can in the breast skin, the skin around the lungs, set.
Asbestos fibres irritate the skin and can cause breast cell mutations.
"The problem arises with the needle of inhaled asbestos fibres," says Professor Tom Treasure, a heart / thorax doctor, who moved in 2001 to the Guy's Hospital.
Just the hospital, which Andrew Lawson, that he has exposed to asbestos, is now, ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and several others who were probably also exposed to asbestos during their training in hospital.
Once the asbestos needles are pressed from the tissue, says Treasure, "breathing process to the edge, where the skin.
From the outset, it is inherently invasive.
The usual options for other cancers do not work so well with mesothelioma.
For example, the effectiveness of an operation is controversial.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"You can't cut out the breast coat," he says.
They do not come with the knife around it.
Meanwhile, the cancer "does not speak very well to chemotherapy," the "effect," but not cure.
"Sometimes there is a long time to live," says Treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after Graham Abbott is still fighting its own diagnosis.
After he contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came into contact with Andrew Lawson, who had four years after his diagnosis, an one-man support and consultancy for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer central," he said, happily on calls.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had received his diagnosis 4 years earlier and was still very active.
Abbott had originally offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which is expected to take four months and would prolong his life only a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, was "the things in a more positive light."
Following the advice of several doctors decided Abbott, his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang - Lazdunski, heart specialist at the thorax Guy "s.
"We had an advantage because I had to be referred to, I just cried and got an appointment," Graham.
A normal patient would have to receive a payment and have to wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma - sufferers, in order to be able to perform the best available therapies.
But if these treatments fail, eventually, inevitably, many of those affected by another financial concern - about the future of the families they leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous to health," says Morgan.
But what changed in the 1960 s that recognized that was also a very low burden of a health risk.
And here the negligence of the companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, in their case, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation" because Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma at Guy's was due to an asbestos exposure.
After the investigation into his death was confirmed by a spokesman of Guy's, however, that "the asbestos fibres were removed in the basement area in the 1990 s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How can be removed asbestos
In fact, it is seeking compensation for sufferers of mesothelioma, an enormous problem, the deadly asbestos contact a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who defend themselves against claims, know that the time for them, but certainly not with the plaintiffs.
In response, there were significant new legislation this year, which makes it easier for mesothelioma - to enforce compensation, even if their previous employers are more.
The law has set up a fund of £350 million funded by the insurance industry for those who have been diagnosed after July 2012, can prove a contact, but no one can sue.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process could grant them - about £120,000.
About 300 successful applications in the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan thinks that, like so many mesothelioma - £350 million a "very good work" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," he says, and suggests that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if it ignored the time and mesothelioma patients - and they could sue the company.
Even Mike Penning, former labor and pension minister, admitted that the law "not perfect."
But both Penning and Morgan admitted that rapid action is needed in the face of seven deaths every day.
"The people are suffering so much and now need help," said Penning during the second hearing of the mesothelioma Act in December of last year.
At that point was Graham Abbott for 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang - Lazdunski.
After their first meeting, Lang - Lazdunski an operation, which he expects in contrast to Tom Treasure, a positive effect.
This was accompanied by a radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, with Lang - Lazdunski can present a survival rate of up to 40 percent over five years.
Abbott felt stronger.
"This is, of course, the most important thing," says Abbott.
Time and again, we see in patients.
There is something that you can move on.
If you are going, you very quickly get worse.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he had the last of the six cycles of chemotherapy.
After concern scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several cancer spots around my chest.
I was just 50.
That is not life-threatening.
This is lebensbeendend.
Abbott again underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
No trace of the tumors is now more visible.
But the process is physically and mentally exhausting.
You have to think about practical things - about money when I am not, for example, or my wife, as the boiler works time.
If you receive bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look to the future.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, is not always easy.
"This is difficult for parents," he says.
It is difficult to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girls that I would have a disease with which I would not grow old.
They reacted quite differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told her friends and we soon got a lot of calls.
Ellie was more circumspect.
She said not much.
Such discussions are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are not of hope, not a shred of hope for survival.
Finally, Stephen Jay Gould also brings the disease (as) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Pharaonic einbalsamierter body wrapped in asbestos clothes
Asbestos fibres, which were used for the reinforcement of cookware and greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
It was developed a tissue that is not flammable.
I have seen the napkins from the banquets in the fireplaces.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to produce material and paper (also notes).
Major asbestos mines in Canada and South Africa are opened and shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tonnes per year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify premature death rate in those who work with asbestos. They receive no life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles in the lungs "are the leading cause of death without a reasonable doubt."
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws employer, Turner Bros Asbestos, are not liable.
It is not paid compensation.
During the Second World War, intensive ships are being built, one of the deadliest performances in contact with asbestos.
Voluntary abandonment of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirmed the first successful people in the UK due to contact with asbestos compensation claim.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 4,213,000 tonnes per year.
Britain imports 139,000 tonnes.
A health and safety executive in Britain requires all companies that work with asbestos, licencing.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are banned by law in the UK.
Any use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
Mesothelioma - the law is adopted in the UK.
A £350 million compensation scheme is announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, however, white asbestos is still used in many countries of the world as a cheap building material.
Global production is around 2 million tonnes per year.
China denies Hong Kong right to government election, protesters swear vengeance
On Sunday, the Chinese parliament despite the increased calls for democratic reforms against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections by the Hong Kong electorate.
This approach probably fueled the protests in Hong Kong's business district, announced during the planning and mobilization of activists, within a few hours after the announcement.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the Communist leaders in principle, not to reject all candidates loyal to Beijing.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said legal expert Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party.
That is not what Beijing had promised.
They have lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defence of China's decision, said Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, that the approval of public nominations in the elections for the Hong Kong government to "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain returned Hong Kong to Chinese control, Beijing has promised the residents from 2017 to choose the government seat.
China's leaders on Sunday presented the decision as a democratic breakthrough, because it gives the people of Hong Kong a direct vote, but the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leadership keeps the process through a nomination committee tightly controlled by Beijing.
According to a new clause only candidates should also "love of country and love Hong Kong" to be admitted.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and most effective public protests in Hong Kong for several years.
The Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement in Hong Kong behind the pro-democracy campaign, whose organizers have threatened to seal off the financial district if Beijing allows no genuine universal suffrage.
Within a few hours after the announcement on Sunday night had hundreds of Occupy Central's supporters gathered in the rain before the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
During the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience, and they planned to protest waves in the coming weeks.
They did, however, no details, apparently to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online statement, the organizers of the movement "has learned that the occupation of the central district only as a last resort, an action that should take place only when all dialogue possibilities have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to say that today all dialogue possibilities have been exhausted and the occupation of the central district will take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing for days for the announcement of Beijing, and tighter security measures including police and government buildings were on Sunday in front of the barricades.
The unrest is exacerbated by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control of their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increased the competition for products and services.
Moreover, there is growing fear that Hong Kong's values such as democracy and freedom of speech are starting to crumble under growing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticized the demonstrations of the Occupy Central movement, because they are the lifeblood of Hong Kong's business - is.
"The protests, which they say, could cause major economic damage, depending on how many people are involved in it and how long they persist," said legal expert Regine Ip, who criticised the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stoke fears that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's state-controlled media also reported recently on democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral rights, which were attended by 780,000 people - more than a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of school balls in the U.S. will now be transferred to the universities, where Freshmen performances are offered with the private.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and offer the UK's first luxury travel service for students of today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive performance at the university, the company also offers transport options such as private aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also admitted that the service was a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have to dump their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car through the country.
Together with our new -start options, we look forward to ensure that this year the students reach the university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that there were no new bookings, just because the service had been introduced, but added that "the students book service in the next few weeks."
The company also stated that it expects a market for this offer, despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year.
Students today differ greatly in their expectations and demands of the students before 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and never can be.
The National Student Union criticised, but the service.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NUS for higher education, said: "this offer seems completely separate from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students who begin this month with the study, are facing a crisis in the cost of living, because the available financial aid in the form of loans and scholarships with soaring bills for the simplest livelihoods step before they can even think of thousands of pounds for something as simple as the arrival in the hostel.
Feminists criticise race and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was at the beginning of this month, killed by a police officer in Ferguson.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "hands up, don't shoot," while they waited for the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, because of the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown, the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a change in the online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience white feminist commentators put the sex before the race, when it comes to reproductive rights and to address income inequality.
While tensions rose in the Midwest, and received attention throughout the country, saw Perez that turned the responses of white women, 100% of the race.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the shots of 9 August, the personal essays with titles like "thoughts on Ferguson from a white woman" and "feminism is not just about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But Perez meant an important change.
"I do not think that many people in feminism, and talk about the white privileges on the high-class kind," she said.
The people felt pushed to express something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis we are facing and because the situation in Ferguson is ethnicized so that they have to say.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University, Ferguson brought to light problems faced by black women every day, but not be seen as "women's issues" in the cultural area.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 likes from everywhere," said Mitchell.
If I post something about how people are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to speak publicly about a relationship, but not about safety in public spaces?" She asked.
For black women, such as Mitchell, race, gender and sexuality have studied in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between racial and gender issues.
For black women, they have not had the luxury of separating the issues of clean; they live every day in the combined reality.
While the issues of race and gender combine white women in the feminist mainstream circles, says Angela Hattery, professor of women and at the George Mason University that their predecessors did the opposite.
"At least 10,000 black men were lynched between 1865 and 1890, and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story to justify the Lynch murder.
For Hattery came the division between white and black women at the point where white fighters for women such as Susan B. Anthony the country in the late years of the 19th century, and that could be the fight for the right to vote only for one group: women or blacks.
"They took the decision to stand up for women's suffrage, and the right to vote for blacks should come later," said Hattery.
If such things are remembered, one with power, why don't trust women of color white women.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after 1920 women were given the right to vote, it took a decade to get organized, white women against the lynching in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group was founded almost 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behavior, racial discrimination - a mirror of the times in which white feminists played "catch" with the problems of black women for generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if the activists who have such traditional feminist platforms have the right to a child's education as seriously as they do with the right to conception control?" Asked Mitchell.
The second generation of feminists, who built their careers on the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, try to understand what that means.
The familiar white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article by Rebecca Carroll of the Guardian, which calls for more protests on the issue of racism by white Americans.
"I hope that women who have a different, but parallel reason to understand the danger inherent in the body - and opinions on the race, which are significantly different in public opinion polls - will lead the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem stands for a more intersectional feminism, which raises the race as well as gender issues are perplexed by some of their comments on the racial issue in America.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "who Stole Feminism?" Said to She The People, that young men in the United States, in particular young men of color, "far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems comments on Ferguson, in contrast to their previous criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently a small program, My Brother's Keeper, clapped in order to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were infuriating reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police and the black community is not the only problem that is at the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After the U.S. border police took up almost 63,000 unaccompanied minors at the southwest border of the country this year, the issue of immigration reform comes to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, Co Chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes the women for immigration reform, said that the issue as a key issue for women it must publish the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
If the vast majority of working visas, male immigrants, are the women who accompany them in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories find an echo in the women's organisations," she said.
"Pig house" in Ipswich is for sale
The image of a house for sale was removed by estate agents, when it became clear that it showed a large pig, which it had made in the living room.
The house has a bedroom, is located on a private street in Ipswich and is offered for £120,000.
The details included a picture of the living room of the house - which was a pig that had his head on a sofa bed.
Estate agents said Connells, the pig in the photo was the pet of the owner.
"However, the photo was published in error and has now been removed," said a spokeswoman for the company.
The exposé of the house, the former Assembly Connells described as a "unique detached house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the site, it still appears on promotional material.
The house was sold in the social media for interest, as some wondered whether the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW city home to Harvey for a new lottery millionaire
A lottery player from Harvey's turn this month
The search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, who receives from the lottery draw on Saturday almost $1.1 million.
For the second time in five years, a newspaper in Harvey drew the jackpot in the lottery of the first division, after $1 million in November 2009.
The lucky winner must still register.
The storeowner said Steve Forward, the gain is talking in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city is talking about nothing else, and everyone is pretty excited.
We thought that such a profit could occur.
Eight WA winners last month celebrated profits in the first division, a due conclusion for a couple of weeks for the players in the state.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale was one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple from Belmont, only a few weeks before the mega profit of $7.5 million.
The winning couple had played for twenty years and said that they would win the possibility of a trip around the world and buying a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the WA this year, with a total of nearly $85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not only the gladiators were ankle deep in mud at the first Rhine Bacher Roemertag in the park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract more than 1000 visitors yesterday, braving the rain and the cold and completely thrilled by the historic spectacle.
There was a colourful range of representations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance for the Rhineland.
The day's main attraction was undoubtedly the war-like fighter force from the gladiatorial school "Cupid Mortis," used the break to any rain in the soft sand prepared to demonstrate their robust martial arts arena.
Gladiators owner "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and knowledgeable presenter and sent his men in the ring after the heroic duel in different gladiatorial GATT.
First were the "Provocatoren" on the series with a rectangular shield and sword and leg rail on the left leg and Armschiene on the right arm.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with breastplate, short sword and a spear and iron helmet, leg and gladiatorial.
Particularly impressive was the appearance of the "RETIARIUS," with a net, trident and dagger, and after a short struggle against "SECUTOR" took the boys to the ground.
Since crashed, swords, shields, hand-bells and litter lances surrend flew through the arena that could be a fear and worry about the health of the gladiators.
But on the impressive "summa," the muscular referee Rudi, always an attentive eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman daily life again and make the culture of Roman life," explained Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the Friends of Roman organizer "channel," the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation was from the park for one day a "oppidum Romanum," a Roman city, vice-mayor Claus Wehage said in his address.
Finally, the Romans did not only war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we admire today.
Vestiges of them were also the Roemertag, such as "marble aqueduct" from the eleven -metre and 1400 -metre Roman canal bridge that was once at Lueftelberg.
The Frontinus Society was the water and energy once and now, and director Petra Fricke knew: "we still benefit from the knowledge of that time."
It also confirms graduate surveyor Ralph saint of "engineering Two" from the Rhine, the Romans surveying instruments such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra presented.
The Roman villa in bare home presented sketches and models from the 1894 excavations and bricks from the original Hypokauste, the hot air heating, the warmer the Roman villa.
The impressive footprints that were left by wolf and fox two millennia ago in the trash from clay before burning them.
Soil was excavated in 2011, the Office for National Monument in the Rhineland, the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park in North Rhine river.
We have found walls of a house with a Darre for drying of grain and Maelzen.
The building was probably a Villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, the archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser explained.
A series of findings from these excavations showed it in a glass case, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels, as well as parts of a delicate necklace.
Villa have probably existed from the first to the fourth century A.D., until the invasion of the Roman Empire in the Rhineland, suspected Morscheiser.
In addition, the children play with the Roman wind mills, similar to the current mill game, or as the Roman students wrote their names with Metallgriffeln on wax tablets.
The state of the Roman Baths Hopsital mosaics, the children were allowed to put themselves at the booth of the glass museum Rheinbach glass mosaics and tinker at the booth of the nature centre, nice home a heavy stone wheat mill to grind the flour for bread or muesli.
With the two cold blue, faithfully reconstructed Roman trip, the visitors went through the car park and also arrived at the impressive stand of the Municipal Gymnasium here over the results of their "Romans" project weeks presented.
With a Roman week from 13 to 21 September, the municipality of Wachtberg in the Rhineland far the Romans 2014, which is intended to recall the death of Emperor Augustus, 2000 years ago.
Together with the promise of home and history, as well as the hiking club, Berger, the partnership association and the amateur circle of thematic hikes, among other things, to be a lecture, cooking and guided tours for school classes and recall the Roman past guards.
For example, will tell a Roman legionnaires from his work on the windswept Wachtberg, presented plants as living monuments from the Roman era and a funny lesson in terms of understanding between a group of "Germanic" and the Romans.
The Aden village primary school dedicated to the Romans, in the context of a theme.
The Romans are the numerous week, but more often are not at first sight visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg again.
In the wake of the town hall will remember a small presentation at the discovery of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: West Africa's economy burdened the epidemic
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned and international companies are at a distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic puts a severe blow to the economy of West Africa.
The harvest rots in the fields, the mines are abandoned and orphaned the markets - the virus has afflicted the region difficult.
Some international companies are already at a distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not just a medical crisis, but also an economic one," the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It is a total disaster, we are losing a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sold on the second largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
Anyone who wants to buy food only comes on the market, or something to disinfect against Ebola.
Liberia has been hardest hit by the virus, alone, fell victim to the fever of more than 600 people.
Health officials recently declared that the disease had penetrated every corner of the country.
The virus has spread in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
A total of more than 1500 people have died, thousands more are stuck in.
Draw employees from foreign firms
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries put companies out of business.
Foreign companies such as ArcelorMittal, the steel industry and their employees, several international airlines fly to the affected regions.
Also, the local traders and farmers respond: only a few merchants still leave their homes in order to obtain supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, among other things, the rot for the export of major cocoa and coffee beans in the fields.
The farmers do not dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is scarce
"People are travelling less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, usually goes on the market and sold his vegetables, prefers to stay at home.
The population gets so directly the consequences of the epidemic and urgent: food is scarce.
In the markets, the supply of basic foodstuffs such as rice.
At the same time, the threat of damage - a region heavily dependent on international firms with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies avoid the area for a long time, basically, says Philippe Hugon from the French think tank Iris.
The key is how far and how long it will spread the virus.
If investors could give the impression that "it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and invest," warns Hugon.
It also affects the strained state budgets of the Member States
The disease also burdened the already strained state budgets of the countries concerned.
The credit rating agency Moody's feared that their budgets are being stretched by high spending on the health system and in addition to the worsening economy.
The African Development Bank has already pledged to the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros) to help.
The effects are already being felt in Nigeria, where only a few Ebola cases have been diagnosed so far.
It is not affected by the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta.
But elsewhere, many people remain at home for fear of contagion.
Reservations in hotels go back significantly.
Protect celebrating its 50th anniversary
The club "fir" Berngau celebrates its 50th foundation from 12 to 14 September.
At full speed at the club, run the preparations for the 50-year-old foundation from 12 to 14 September.
It is planned on Friday, September 12, a large entertainment evening with the group "village rockers."
On Saturday at 18 p.m. the great Böll shoot.
Then the mood is in the large marquee evening, with the "STOA Palatine Buam."
Brass band provides the music
Highlights on Sunday, and 9.30 are in the parish church and the great procession at 14 pm.
The afternoon is also the federal and Gauschießens prize-giving.
A pretty sight will be the 25 ladies with their Dirndln.
The chapel is the brass band festival Berngau.
The mayor took over Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert for Acker.
The original name of "protecting society fir Berngau" dates from 1907, when on March 21, the "social entertainment through exercise in the room, and small-bore shooting" was founded.
The Nazi regime had led to the dissolution of the association in 1937.
Only 1964 of the 19 young men have found that on 30 April at the inn, the "new" club "fir" have lifted Berngau.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club to protect master through a difficult period in which it was mainly to find a club and install the shooting operation.
In the autumn of 1965, started the club in the inn "flax," with two teams in the round competitions.
In subsequent years, the marksmen were organized in seven teams, in all classes up to the 1th Gauliga.
The club records poured every year and the magic threshold of 380 rings for the first time in 1980 was achieved by Rudi Meier.
So how have increased the efficiency of active shooters, the membership have evolved positively.
After the "club" is no longer sufficient to meet the needs of a modern marksman, the Board has decided, under the leadership of Johann Rinn, in the cellar of the new "Landgasthof Teis," to create a future domicile.
After a performance of 2700 hours on May 8, 1988, pastor of the church's blessing for the new protected areas.
One of the great highlights of Ngata was the 44th Gauschießen, coupled with the solemn consecration of the new protect flag in July 1991.
On the 23th and 24th of April 1994, the club celebrated its 30th anniversary.
The group was founded in 1995.
Joseph was a young officer.
A major challenge for the "Boll" and for the club as a whole was the orientation of the Bavarian meeting of 2005.
In many hours of volunteer work over the past year, the association's members have modernised the rooms and the shooting facility in Berngauer Hof and brought to the state of the art.
Eleven teams in round competitions
I can also see the sporting achievements of the marksman.
A total of eleven teams are taking part in the round competitions: six air rifle teams, an air gun team, a sport pistols kk1, a youth and two AH teams.
The 1th team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degrees and Kerstin Keller man is in the round of 2013/14 by the highest league in Schuetzengau Gauoberliga (TOS), in the District League 1.
The 2th team with Verena Moos, Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml has risen from the Gauliga north into the Gauoberliga.
In addition to the shooting of events like Bock stand, Faschings-Redouten and King Ball, club and Christmas tradition.
With the shooter in the celebrations in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident in return to the racetrack
Tony Stewart's return to the circuit ended roughly halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart went against the wall for the second time, after his tyres burst in round 172 and finished his evening.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left it without talking to journalists.
His team said Chad Johnston, his 14 -strong team was disappointed but now focus on next weekend's race in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we would have had a better performance and a better result for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and hope that we can do it better.
Stewart drove earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and had repaired the right side of his car.
"I started today with quite good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, and added: "it simply has not worked."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart's car was loaded into the tractor and the team had packed and was ready to depart.
Stewart's three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car was another driver at an ash track race in the north of the State of New York, and killed.
He decided to return this week and either in Atlanta or to win the next race in Richmond to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his job, while an investigation into the tragic incident that led to the deaths of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., will be investigated. This was during a race on the road to confront the Stewart.
The authorities informed on Friday that the investigation into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has been taken on whether Stewart must reckon with an indictment.
The champion was received with a great deal of applause when he was presented before the race.
After a start in 12th position, shortly thereafter, Stewart was penetrated in the first 10 and was temporarily ranked four.
After a restart on lap 122, Busch
With the No. 18 car out of control after the exit of curve 2 and clashed with Stewart, which drove both cars against the wall.
Stewart went on, but fell back in 21th place.
Dance big-spending searched offspring
Simply try: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and director Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to.
Like many other clubs is the jazz groups in TV, the full-day classes to the secondary schools.
Some groups have been decimated after the summer holidays.
Now we are looking for more offspring for a sport that is healthy and is great fun.
In both jazz and modern dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, a former dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation "Spirits," are only nine children.
"Three in the group of eight - six surveys in the group of twelve - to 15 -year-olds," says the 20 -year-old.
With more players would make it much more fun, "it could be very different dance choreography," she says.
Those who want to dance, between 17 p.m. and 18 p.m. on Thursdays or Fridays between 17 am and 18.30 pm in the dance room at the former Hotel Meyer, 9, in the training of the hour.
"The training starts with an Aufwaermprogramm regularly," says the trainer.
Then practiced different choreography.
Jazz dance has the characteristic that there is no fixed shape, and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements of folklore, classical music to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Of course, the camaraderie.
"We are also eating, watching dance films and we have also stayed in the dance room," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group could be close friends, share a hobby and doing a lot for their own motor development.
So who is not jazz dance, which can also get into one of the other offers of the TV Jahn.
Children and young people are always on Wednesdays in the classroom in the areas of children's dance / jazz dance, Bambini - the video clip - dancing, ballet and hip-hop in the classroom.
The dance trainer is Francisco Afonso.
The adult couples are welcome, on Monday and Wednesday.
If you want to Discofox, slow waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, Cha-Cha - Cha and tango, may drop and participate.
Bulgarian prison supervisors nationwide protest
Hundreds of prison employees from across Bulgaria before Justiziministerium have organised a nationwide protest in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they reiterated their demands for the restoration of their old working conditions that have been changed recently.
Even higher salaries are on a list of demands to be discussed with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Symbolically, the officials have been protesting for a month against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24 -hour shifts.
Despite the meeting between the union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums no agreement was reached, the national Bulgarian Ratio (BNR) reported.
The negotiations are continuing, the Director-General for the implementation of punitive measures, roses Zhelyazkov the BNR.
The protest is expected to be supported by the prison staff members of the Association of union employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned airport of Luhansk
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are on the rise.
After heavy battles involving alleged Russian tank battalions, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, abandoned the rebel stronghold Luhansk airport.
The army also announced that seven soldiers had been killed in the last 24 hours.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had already drawn the consequences of the heavy defeat of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top leadership, without specifying details.
Pro-Russian separatists shot from aircraft
In the fight against Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists have their own representation of a warplane and two military helicopters.
Around 100 soldiers were also wounded or killed in combat in the region of Donetsk, the rebels on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
The Coast Guard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed for the first time in the Sea of Azov, sinking two boats of the Ukrainian Coast Guard.
The Ukrainian border guards confirmed that two of its ships were under attack on Sunday near the port city of Mariupol.
The seven border guards were injured, said a spokesman in Kiev the station 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported, several towns in the Donetsk region under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital Minsk is today Ukraine Contact Group.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should also participate in a messenger of separatists from the eastern Ukraine.
All players in the run-up to their performances to publicise their call.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break through the planned deployments in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis, its agreement with Russia.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels, NATO agreed to the establishment of the NATO-Russia Council in 1997.
The NATO chief, however, accused Russia of "a flagrant breach" of the agreement.
"Today, we have to see the reality that Russia does not view NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side, shows that "they see us as enemies."
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen also announced its intention to strengthen the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
At a NATO summit in Wales to appeal to the "readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we will have a more visible NATO presence in the east, as long as is necessary," said Rasmussen on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new Gasgespraeche
According to official data, Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks to resolve their gas dispute.
The negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
It will be waiting for a decision by the European Union, whether they also entsende a representative to the talks.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas for weeks, Ukraine gets no more fuel from Russia.
Finally, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could cut off gas supplies to Europe.
Europe is about one third of its gas from Russian sources, a large part of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks to toll Word: "quite clearly"
Now the Chancellor once again clearly committed to it.
But it is not a licence for all the complicated details.
Persistent concerns from the CDU, the CSU wroth have against the car toll.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke after prolonged resistance from their CDU foot for the introduction of a car toll.
"Let me be very clear: it is in the coalition agreement, and they will come," said the party's top bodies on Monday after meetings of the CDU in Berlin.
But for now, Merkel has not presented a detailed model.
In the government program "certain parameters are black and red."
Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) have "made a proposal, and now will continue."
However, the NRW CDU insists on saying "no" to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) put constructively in the discussions on a bill.
On the subject, he spoke with Dobrindt about other ways to activate more private capital for investment in infrastructure, as well as broadband expansion.
"There is nothing special." Schäuble on Sunday had left a "mirror" report Comments, his house, a separate concept to reward investors with highway tolls - after the 2017 election.
CSU leader Horst Seehofer subsequently warned against the cabinet toll to develop concepts against the relevant minister.
CDU Federal Vice Armin Laschet reiterated his objections.
"The coalition agreement was never assumed all round - and to charge," said North Rhine-Westphalia's CDU chair country.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer announced again now to talk about the issue.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU associations Baden-Wuerttemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a local border traffic tolls to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had requested because of the toll criticism from the ranks of the CDU coalition loyalty.
The left sees the plans failed in the face of the dispute in the Union.
"The toll is dead," said leader Bernd Riexinger Murks - the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll the minister fails." Dobrindt wants to introduce a sticker on all German roads, to be launched in 2016.
Domestic car owners should not be burdened, according to the coalition agreement, but in addition.
Therefore, they should receive full compensation for the toll on the vehicle tax.
The model must not discriminate against foreign drivers but under EU law because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often wrongly diagnosed
A British woman says that she thought that she would die as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years.
Karin Rodgers lived almost her entire youth in the belief that they have to live only a few years after she had been diagnosed with a disease.
She actually suffered Charcot Marie Tooth disease (CMT) - a group of ererbter disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK said that the misdiagnosis is a frequent problem in people with CMT, because so little is known about this disease.
About 23,000 people in Britain are likely to suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, an insecure and curved toes.
Also suffering ill feelings or pain. The disease is incurable, deaf and progressive, meaning that over time the symptoms are worse.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed that she was a rich - ataxia (FA) suffer - a disease with very poor chances of survival.
Rodgers thought they were sitting in a wheelchair before 18, and die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is now 51 years old, said: "as a child, I knew that I could not do the same as the others.
I constantly fell with me, and everything took longer.
I could never go with the other children, or skateboard and was often to go to school because of my kind and fun to run.
Rodgers said she realised at the age of 13 after several operations to relieve their Achilles and stretching their feet on their records, as her doctor had left the room and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty, because I was curious, so I told this to anyone, but I went home, was looking for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA's society," she said.
When I received a reply, I was terribly shocked and got into panic.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair with 18 and 25 die, slowly and would lose all my skills.
I made it all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, she became clear that their skills had not fallen as much as they had imagined and inquired of their doctor.
He simply stood and hugged me and said, "my love, I do not believe that you, otherwise you're now in a wheelchair."
I think you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests, she was diagnosed with CMT.
"When he told me what CMT, I felt as if I was a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT Awareness month to raise awareness of this disease.
Staff sergeant A. D. Berni Diether has been working for the closure of the former military training as pyrotechnics
Almost ten years ago, not fired on the former troops exercise in Münsingen.
Nevertheless, even lethal ammunition every month in the heart of the biosphere reserve Alb.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they have to be blown up on the ground.
A deafening bang echoes in the explosions on the heart of the biosphere reserve.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot on the training pitch Münsingen, was closed by the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operations.
Since that time, the 6500 -hectare site at the heart of the biosphere reserve Alb, open on 13 trails for hikers and cyclists.
Tax rises of businessmen in the Washington area with economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax rulings for companies in the country rose slightly last year, while accelerating the economic recovery, a new study published last week, and the companies in the Washington area were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia area jointly paid $27.6 billion to state and local authorities in the 2013 financial year, $26.6 billion in 2012, an increase of 3.8 percent compared to the revenue.
State and local tax burden of companies last year rose by 4.3 percent to $671 billion, compared to 3.9 percent in the previous year, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after several years of decline in 2009 and 2010.
Government taxes more than the local taxes rose to 4.3 percent, according to the study, conducted by Ernst & Young service agency with the National Center for taxation, a tax policy group was conducted.
More than half of the tax revenues of the District, 56 percent comes from corporate taxes, compared to 36 percent of the revenue from Mary's company.
Virginia made with 28 percent of the lowest tax revenue from companies.
A large part of the increase in tax revenue is based on a recovery of the real estate companies, say the researchers, which led to an increase in real estate taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years, with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these profits from large states like California, New York and Texas, seems to be the end for the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia were paying about $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent in the course of a year.
But the apparent recovery in real estate values in Maryland is not as effective in improving state and local tax revenues, since the real estate taxes amount to barely more than a fifth of the tax rulings of companies.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
"In Maryland is happening: a large part of the property, particularly in the tax area, D.C., is either owned by the government or non-profit organizations that pay no property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Managing Director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland, for example, is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes, in order to be able to offer the same services that offer the other states.
The recent recovery of tax revenues by companies may not be attributed solely to the recovery of the property market
Corporate revenues also seem to recover, according to the data.
Companies in the region reported on income taxes $2.3 billion in state organizations, compared to 2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend in the same direction, does not increase the local tax burden on companies evenly in all three locations.
The increase rate in the District, with 4.3 percent of the national average, while the increase was significantly higher in Maryland, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported a subpar tax of 4.1 percent.
Virginia, with 6 percent in all three areas the lowest corporate income taxes (in all three there are fixed tax).
The corporate tax rate is 8.25 percent in Maryland and the District at a relatively high 9.975 percent.
A similar study by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year in Virginia that requires lower state and local taxes and a better overall tax climate than in Maryland.
The District was not investigated in the study.
Despite the advantages of Virginia under pressure from its southern neighbours.
North Carolina has adopted laws to reduce its corporate tax rates from 6.9 percent to 6 percent this year, the same sentence as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues its income targets next year, this law could reduce the state's corporate income tax rate to 3 percent by 2017.
In the meantime, the small businesses in the area of Washington seems to be better, and they therefore pay more state and local taxes, the most recent study.
Corporate taxes paid in personal income taxes by small businessmen - a transitional structure on the basis of most small businesses - are organised in the District, Maryland and Virginia last year rose by 20 percent to $2.4 billion, a significant faster growth rate than the corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes across the country are likely to continue this year, with an increase in general VAT revenue for the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
Nevertheless, the region will lag behind Washington, if the spending of the federal government has an impact on the labour market in the region.
Twin town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - a popular combination in China.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt now wants a brewery in China, and also hopes for a direct flight between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt and Guangzhou - that is the urgent desire of officials in China.
"We would be delighted if we were to establish a German brewery in our city," said the deputy secretary of the South China Metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week during a visit to the SPD delegation in his city.
Again and again, the official of the ruling Communist Party of China in the course of the conversation on this metropolis of twelve million.
Guangzhou, which is called in Germany, Canton, is one of the richest cities in China, Li.
People therefore have the purchasing power to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who led the German delegation, said the host to politicians, he will hear in Germany after a possible partner for the project.
"It does not need a lot of beer: good water, grain and vitality," he added at the lunch with the top party in Guangzhou.
This joy shine, Mr Li, flattered the hosts.
As a result, the official from Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gümbel - albeit with red wine, which was served at the meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing.
Tsingtao - beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More commerce
A second request of the Chinese hosts would be a direct flight between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said deputy leader Li.
Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier in the year 2012, but for economic reasons.
"It would be worth it again," he was convinced the local politicians.
"The commerce between our two cities continues."
Currently, travelers would have to take a detour through Changsha in Hunan Province, Li complained.
The administration of the Guangdong province, whose capital is Guangzhou, hopes the flights.
The deputy governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, made the request during his conversation with the Social Democrats in the foreground.
"This is a very good idea," said Schäfer-Gümbel - the Chinese vice-minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodding approvingly.
The partnership
The hopes of the deputy leader of Guangzhou, that he can visit Frankfurt next year to a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but not yet in this role.
He came into office only this year, after his predecessor had been promoted from office on corruption charges.
The local leader Wan Qing had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and the administration, which is enforced by tough leader Xi Jinping.
The new leader Li Yiwei had worked before his party career for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before he took office in Guangzhou, he was a top official of cars built in Fujian, where VW a great work.
Frankfurt has officially received more than a dozen twinning.
The connection to the Guangzhou 9000 miles away is one of those that are maintained by both sides, including school exchanges.
Last year was celebrated the 25th anniversary of the Sino-German relationship.
The China metropolis on Yamen, with its economic power is almost as strong as in Hessen.
Next year, they wanted to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, reported Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "expresses the thumb"
Since Joan Rivers is entering a hospital in New York City three days ago, her daughter was unconscious; today, however, hopeful that the 81-year-old comedy of her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers in a statement today.
We all hit the thumb.
Her mother was, according to sources on Thursday after an emergency due to cardiac stop at a clinic on the Upper East Side, York ville Endoscopy, hospitalized in the Mount Sinai Hospital.
The doctors keep sediert them deliberately and with precise observation until they are satisfied with their condition, which is described as "serious."
The reactions came from many quarters, including in the form of an overwhelming online support from Donald Trump, the Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally-friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners, which will apply from today in the trade, stricter environmental standards in the future.
Like refrigerators and washing machines get new vacuum cleaner from 1 September to label the buyer can see at a glance of key data such as the energy efficiency of the device.
For new cars in the category "euro 6" tougher nitric oxide - values.
There is also more money for the scaffolders: get an uniform minimum wage of 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what had reported information on Monday morning: the online retailer and video producer, and a host of other things - Twitch buys the video streaming service for $1.04 billion (US $970 million).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because nobody had expected a takeover of Twitch, but because it was widely assumed that the company would buy YouTube.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of the Twitch video service from Google for a cool billion, and the cooperation also appeared.
Twitch, which was founded only three years ago when Justin.tv was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted their stunts, published in games, "YouTube for live games," says an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play," a video genre, in which the know-alls (mostly older) give games a veneer of secret science theater, are already very popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is called often, if you want to describe Twitch, so was the news that wanted to buy YouTube Twitch, recorded a bit bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal was not reached with YouTube, since the company was reportedly prepared to pay as much as Amazon.
Everything we currently know about this statement by Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "we have opted for Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term visions and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me, who say that they prefer sport than watching, it is difficult to understand the attraction, which assumes the games rather than watching others to take even the control console.
It is one thing to look over the shoulder of a friend at 3 o "clock in the morning, while she creeps through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch a nutcase, as he is shot 20 times in Call of Duty in the head.
Now you could see all these games.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are ego games, so the watch may be without its own control over the prospect of a really good view recipe for headaches.
I admit that the fast runs in the Roger Bannisters of our electronic age in record time, all games are entertaining.
But as long as it is not a game or humor, virtuoso Twitch channel is not likely to be very interesting.
But what skeptics like me know it?
Twitch is called by 55 million different visitors a month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic.
And how exactly Amazon wants to make money from it?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch is integrated so elegantly into Amazon Instant Video, YouTube Twitch could easily swallow.
But Twitch has something that each company would have liked: thousands of young men who are courted by advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear, said Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the media shows no signs of contraction, or even - schluck - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle at the castle garden festival was on Saturday.
The concept of the organizer.
Despite the strong downpours on Saturday evening an estimated 1200 fans came to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
The admission had to be stopped temporarily.
"It was annoying," said Ron Shem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
Two Spanish words have formed the name Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem Amula.
Because the Open Air in the Salzwedeler castle garden will radiate brightness on the day and evening through various shows.
Well, and the fun comes from alone anyway.
This was demonstrated early Saturday, when the first visitors to the open air.
The organizers had promised a feast for all generations.
And they succeeded.
Around the supply at the castle garden, it had also made Salzwedeler, guests from the near future.
They pursued the first live performances, wippten with the foot of the beat, enjoyed cool drinks - in short, were called for relaxation and enjoyment.
And across the generations.
While the luemmelten on blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar, labten others at a quarter of wine in the wine, the offspring raged on the bouncy castle, which was a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But even in the face of the volunteers had their hands full in the truest sense of the word to the crowd, and to conjure up imaginative creations into the little faces.
Adults used the kicker tables or took part in a skateboard workshop, the crew of the good foot from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 p.m. rubberpussy he settled on visitors, especially families sought the vastness and nests.
But this did not diminish the attractiveness of the festival.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron Shem, a "success on the line."
That is why I am a repeat of the big party in the coming year, nothing.
Although it has to be worked on the content and size of the events, Sem made on Sunday in a first assessment to the popular vote.
He described as annoying that the admission had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security company had been booked with too few forces.
The result: some who had already paid, were no longer on the site.
The response was very good.
In a first tentative estimate, said the Salzwedeler co-organizer of about 1200 visitors, the contrast in the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound.
The Salzwedeler hip-hop band Blocks "n" Rox broke their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were unable to create a reasonably sensible sound.
The planned shisha lounges could be built, because the tents could not be brought because of a puncture after Salzwedel.
"But they will be next year," says the organiser.
The premiere of the Amula Open Airs was succeeded by the number of visitors.
And in bad weather.
However, the organizers have committed some errors that will be the first time, but must be eliminated at the second edition.
On the social network Facebook, the organizers critique.
"Sorry, but for twelve euros, we expected more," says Melanie Meier on the events page.
"Unfortunately, you've taken a little bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same point.
Others do not see the initial problems so closely.
I think it is very good that some people are not only stupid, but also really try to do something on their feet.
Hats off!, "writes Stephanie Jenß for Amula.
Now the organizers a year to these criticisms.
New Radom in Berkum: a shrinking mountain landmark
As expected, this is not the case.
Rather, the underlying component, ready to be used in the building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: almost 50 years after the establishment of the space surveillance radar TIRA the shell, the so-called Radom, completely.
The new Radom, with a diameter of 47.5 meters, slightly smaller than the old one.
The size is still a world record.
The final step in completing the new shell is the exchange of caps
The upper quarter of the old shell is separated and removed with a crane.
After that, the last quarter of the new shell.
If the weather is supposed to go to the action at the beginning of this week.
A participant in the Ice Bucket Challenge - the jaw dislocates
Isabelle Roberts from Britain cried so much as their icy cold water was poured over their heads that they violated the bone structure of her face.
The Ice Bucket Challenge - painful.
A woman was hospitalised after the Ice Bucket Challenge - had cried so much that they ausrenkte the jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from the UK circle, as much as her icy cold water was poured over their heads that they violated the structure of their face.
"The water was so cold that I cried, and while the fact that my jaw was easy," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20 -year-old.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to finish my mouth, but this was not, the jaw was rumoured, and then I understood that something was amiss.
My mother and my sister saw it and were almost laughing in the pants, but I had in the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from Britain to the jaw was hospitalised after taking part in the viral trend is again on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and thousands on Facebook and Twitter.
Pull back the clubs together?
Finally, there was always a dispute between the two Wolf Hauser Castle.
The bureaux now think about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolf, Hauser was the late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Wolf Council Hauser Castle friends, in the French Guédelon project.
A year ago, there was not a good climate between the castle and the castle of Wolfratshausen friends.
So far, seemed very different points of view, how to deal with the history of the Wolf Council Hauser Castle and a possible reconstruction.
The two camps now move closer together, it should be held soon to discuss a common approach.
This is confirmed by club CEOs Torsten Stockaryd (Castle Association) and Herbert Piffl (Castle Friends) to demand our newspaper.
"I phoned Mr Piffl and suggested that we could sit down with us," says.
In his view, all members of both clubs could learn to work together again in the future.
So there were faster visible successes.
While the castle had friends around the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath until a reconstruction of the castle on the mountain, stands for the Association of the Castle, "opening and Erlebbarmachung" at the forefront of the terrain.
Herbert Piffl, second president of the castle friends, was on the call, according to their own.
Since Dimbaths death, he is the castle friends.
A new chairman is to be found in mid-September at a general meeting.
The association currently counts around 40 members under the age of 74.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we have the first activities out of respect." This "thinking period" was needed "to consider how it could happen."
According to Piffl, the new chairman should go into the conversation with the castle.
Until then, the castle could make friends with a current mood within their group.
There is not yet a candidate for the presidency, says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will be found." He himself will not be standing because he has his residence in Bad Toelz.
The new chairman should be a wolf Council.
The Toelzer wanted to "participate in the project but very happy."
The different positions in terms of reconstruction will probably remain in the eyes of Piffls in the near future.
He praises Dimbath as a "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar projects are already far advanced in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
A high participation of the population, as well as by volunteers from all over the world, be they a.
Piffl: "I too was skeptical at the beginning.
But over time, more and more I have come to believe that it makes sense to promote the project. "It could create a" unique "for the raftsmen city.
Here, there is nothing else.
Moreover, the project would be financed by EU subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors, Piffl believes.
"The idea of reconstruction is why I personally do not want to throw overboard." He simply hope that the club moves on this point, perhaps.
The aim of documenting the story first, "is important and good."
After that, we could see.
Clever ways to save at university textbooks
Since the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1,000 a year, considered the fast second semester student Matt Schroeder a clever saving idea.
He invented a temporary system for books by students of higher semester and offered a nominal compensation in order to delay the sale.
"My maths book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a chick - fil A biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who visited the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for last semester would have cost him $430, he said.
He gave $120.
The college leadership said that students spend on average more than $1,200 a year for textbooks and study materials for the students, however, that there were several cost-containment options.
Online shops and creative approaches such as Schroeder's are increasingly the solution of choice for students.
The hiring of textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a considerably lower price than when buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university book stores, said that the hiring of textbooks have doubled since 2011.
Polls show the industry that was rented for about a quarter of the books in the college bookstores last spring semester, said Neebos Vice-President Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks are bought according to the Amalgamation National Association of College Stores in campus bookstores.
Here is the multiplication table for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books online cost only a third of the price they are in the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of the "Annunciation" VNO Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be obtained at the specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for $239.99.
Used to buy
If the notes of others or make up a normal wear nothing, second-hand books are a good option.
"Annunciation" is used to have on Chegg.com for $93.49.
Matt Casaday, 25, a student at Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on Amazon .com 42 cents for a second-hand copy of "Strategic Business Media Fells: understanding The End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was sold new for $48.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls advised students to ask their professors, whether earlier editions.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar work.
In such cases, often older editions can be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
Besides Chegg and Amazon, half .com, eBay Inc is also a popular alternative for used books.
Rent
The hiring of textbooks is worth considering if you treat them fairly well, remember to return them and you don't want to keep the books at the end of the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
A student could, for example, "rent" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Find out about the provisions of the shop where you can rent, including the penalties that may be incurred for writing notes, or usage.
Tenants beware: if you return the book, the penalties can exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
Instead of traditional textbooks, e-books are an option.
In fact, these books are sometimes hired by an electronic license for a certain period of wholesalers such as Amazon .com and Barnes & Noble Inc. Chegg is provided.
"Annunciation" at Chegg can rent for 6 months for about $61.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best deals, which can be downloaded free of charge, while nowadays many classic scientific and engineering science textbooks can be very expensive.
In any case, look around.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the Pepper's Law School, recommends the ISBN number for the price of books, because you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And an online order should be examined, and whether the book is actually in stock.
He learned that lesson the hard way.
He bought a book for four weeks and had finally paid the full price in the college bookstore.
"Guardians of the Galaxy" why was not a blockbuster
"The Expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone played less than $30 million of its $90 million budget in the United States, while "sin City: a Dame to Kill For" only $12 million in its budget of $70 million.
The film "sex Tape" tailored to Cameron Diaz played the busiest only $14.6 million, while children's films such as "easy to tame dragons made 2" also disappoint in revenue.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that the children's films could be the lack of quality in the films themselves.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year for children's films" and "2" made it easy to tame dragons as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
In films for a slightly older audience, however, it appears as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly average Cinema Score and Meta Critic - evaluation for each summer movie, between the American Memorial Day and the 20th of July 2013 and at least 2000 canvases in the current year.
The results are based on the opinion of cinemagoers and film critics and suggest that this year's film hits equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators believe that the development is due to changing habits and the growing popularity of Web streaming services such as Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's upcoming animated film, said to the Hollywood Reporter website: "I think the times are changing."
We must accept that and not try to chase after the past.
In contrast to the currently weak cash results of Hollywood productions, Netflix streaming content with the recent sales of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year's sales amounted to $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticised the film studios that they concentrated too much on the comic and predicted a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
In light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his grim prophecy could contain a true core.
Because of the potential blockbuster expected in the summer of 2015, including the Gers: Age of Jurassic World Ultron, Minions and other representatives of the film industry, however, are more optimistic:
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline in cash results recently as "cyclical" and compared to the Hollywood Reporter said: "the next summer will be the biggest summer box-office at all, and no one will be more concerned about the business."
A few years ago, the 2th district class table tennis was removed in order to streamline the leagues - division, was a step in the right direction.
The German table tennis federation now has an additional 3 Bundesliga.
The result: who is not.
The goddess has avoided gene classes in the Oberliga - the highest team of the descent, plays in the upcoming season, however, fuenftklassig.
Despite its grandiose torpedoes, viertklassig remain through the march.
The boys and girls from the start in the league, as well as the boys of the SC Weende axes.
The SG ling Learning and the torpedo reserve league in the new federation, not the clubs are represented in the country league.
The ladies in the Geismar TTV plays the torpedo - second in the country.
What the composition looks like a better district class, is now the new district of Upper South League.
Here are TSV seul, VfB Loedingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bove, sv, Langenholtensen, the FC Vistula and TTC.
In the field of play as a regional representative and the SC Weende class in the district of TTC II, red and white, Bove, sv II and the teams of TTV Geismar II and III The District of League of ladies, at least in the beginning.
Guentersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are here.
In the torpedo III and the running start / Woellmarshausen.
With nine teams
SC Weende sends his girls into the small district league.
The District League - season of the Torpedo II starts SCW - boys - there is not complete.
In a district class go Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bove, sv in the season.
In the first season of the region to start the circle of two leagues with nine teams.
In the West are the red and white II Squadron, Bove, sv III, Laubach II, IV and V, MTV, the fields of SC II, Mielenhausen and SG ling Learning II.
Among other things, to play in the East Squadron / Woellmarshausen, Nicholas Berg and Landolfshausen.
The women's team consists of / Woellmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, seul, II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
It is still better than in the district of Osterode, where there are no women's team at district level.
It is striking that none of the six classes of the 2th district, to the innovative and indefatigable circle board ever think.
NATO summit: first protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport to march against NATO.
On Sunday, some 150 people arrived in Cardiff before the local town hall to hold a so-called anti-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has followed the developments at the weekend and spoke to demonstrators who have travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teens flown from the Blue Mountains
Two youthful bush walkers were brought to the winch in safety, after they were caught on the night in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and 19-year-old man broke shortly after their tour on Sunday in Govetts Leap in Blackheath.
Worried relatives called police around 20 p.m., when the two were not returned home.
A search party from local police and rescue services, and the pair was found at about 23 p.m. near the Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl was injured on the knee and the man was overthrown and had turned his head.
Emergency crews remained overnight for the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
They were hospitalized in stable condition with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The approximately 1000 demonstrators had been pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, said Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The station took half a hour after the broadcast.
PTV director Al-Athar Farooq said that demonstrators had damaged devices equipped with sticks in the editorial.
No deaths or injuries were reported.
The demonstrators are demanding the resignation of the government, whom they accuse of election fraud.
The police said was about a kilometre away from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday, it came back about 3000 demonstrators clashed with security forces.
A policeman was injured, according to hospital data.
At the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 were injured when demonstrators tried to Sharif's residence.
They are calling for the resignation of the prime minister.
The powerful military had called on Sunday evening after a meeting at the army headquarters to a political solution to the conflict, "without wasting time and without violence."
Further, it was said in the statement: "the army remains committed to its role in ensuring the security of the state."
The escalating violence has stoked concerns about intervention by the military, which has staged more frequently in the past.
The protests led by opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri since the last Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a withdrawal.
Khan and Qadri had on Sunday called on their supporters to endure.
"We will not fall without forcing Sharif to resign," said Khan.
Qadri said the same thing.
Khan accuses Sharif, won the election through fraud in May last year.
Qadri is demanding the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
Then it should declare new elections and an interim government to reform the electoral system.
More than 40,000 security forces are deployed to protect the government.
The demonstrators had waited peacefully before the first parliament, called by Khan and Qadri to penetrate them at the weekend, Sharif's residence.
Synomymous after second win of the season three th place in the table.
With the 2:0 on a grim week for Rapid, has taken a positive end on Sunday.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached with the training in the Europa League on Thursday between a deep.
"The sense of achievement was incredibly important," and the captain Steffen Hofmann, who confirmed the three th green and white.
Schrammel - Traumtor brings Rapid on season-opener Rapid has shown with the second season the right response to the disappointment of Helsinki and comes with a sense of achievement in the break.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction," said foreign defender Thomas Schrammel, with its splendid leadership volley from Sechzehnereck asked in the 14th minute to set the course for victory.
"I thought I was up all the frustration of Thursday and schnalzte it under the bar," said the 26-year-old smiling.
As Schrammel Novmember had taken on the 13th so far in 2010, the last time in a Bundesliga game, was for Ried.
The first championship match in Rapid Dress will therefore remain in special memory.
"For me this is something special, I am from the rapid generation," said Schrammel.
Due to the short-term basin - Blessur Schrammel Mario Pavelic, from the left to the right defensive side and also made it very well.
He has enough experience that he can exercise this position as well.
He has earned the gate he has done several assists this year, "praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel also supplied the flank of 2:0 by Hofmann after a hour, which finally made the decision.
Because before the guests could also write.
"Thank God we had some luck," said Schrammel, alluded to the divergence of performance and result in the last few weeks: "the results did not vote, but the Spielerische was always good in comparison to last year."
Barisic even found that "in many games before - was better than today," against "the strongest team that has played in this stadium this season."
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July have therefore proved that despite the setbacks, the team structure intact: "my team has shown today that it has character."
Less pleasing for him: "we have finally played back to zero."
The fact that too much work while Sestak with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni, and Michael Schimpelsberger are multiple failures, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp be pushed to their Startelfdebuets, make the victory even more valuable.
"We must not forget that," warned Barisic, who lost in the past three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "who were very stable in recent times."
The play-offs should thus be used to "lick wounds and move up in the physical area a bit," said Barisic, who has five U21 - selection of players in its ranks.
One of the suits, perhaps, is captain of Hofmann's break.
It is for the team that goes beyond pain.
In this difficult phase, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave the game Rapids before his replacement in the 68th minute, not only the structure, but also achieved the second goal.
For the 33 -year-olds, who completed his 350th Bundesliga game, it was the first hit of the game since November 2, 2013 (4:2 on Admira).
Hofmann: "must not believe that everything is good" "we have certainly had a bit of luck, but eventually the luck must come back to us, too.
Now it was high time, "said Hofmann.
But he warned: "we must see to it, not always black and white.
We have not played so badly in recent weeks, as has been stated.
We cannot believe that everything is fine.
The importance of its role in the team could not deny it.
It is a very young team, which I can help at the moment.
In certain periods, but to me, "said Hofmann.
The coach Michael Baur and his team had little.
He regretted the quick against Zaubertor hits "from the category," as well as the regular gate of utility in the 40th minute, which was denied by referee Koll Egger.
The only criticism I can make the team is that we were not specific enough towards Tor in some phases.
Since we have had too few qualifications.
Striker Maximilian Karner was similar: "it has just started badly, but then we have found and even made a gate.
By and large, would have been better.
Under this, there is a stillness
We showed a powerful tribe in our series "my piece of the puzzle for the summer Rhoener happiness" last Friday.
There are several of these giant trees in the county, the copy is the "Geißruheiche" above the white Brunn.
A bumpy walk leads up to the 600-year-old oak.
It is past the piles of stone and basalt, basaltic rock seas.
A little below the quarry from the mountain, one kilometre north of the road to Weisbach, because it is.
Vitality provides the natural monument, it stands on the environment, and other trees with a volume of over eight metres to an American sequoia.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive research, there were only references to the name of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has consulted the Bischofsheim archives and interviewed older people from among white, to discover the explanation it has with the Geißruheiche.
His findings remained a rather sober explanation for the name.
Until about 80 years ago, the goat shepherd should have driven their animals from the white, from the laboriously cleared rocks and liberated meadows.
At the foot of the tree should have rested on the ascent exhausted animal guardians.
Meanwhile, the area has won back its importance, because actually, goats graze in the meadows.
The area has been declared in addition to the Biosphere Reserve, Schneider has discovered.
Entering the stone collections must be careful though, because the rehashed basalt from the sun is also a popular place for cross otters.
A path leads from the white, to the tree, but something is hidden.
Other ways are signposted, the direction of Rhoen and invite to an extended hike.
Where does the Wasserburg?
An outing that is sought in our next task is to find the rare height.
The reflection in the trench is a good impression of the building, but we have some historic buildings in the county, which could fit in the building.
Where is our "Rhoener piece of happiness"?
My piece Rhoener happiness
As with previous series of the Main Post in recent years to win it again this year prices, if they have the right solution.
Photographing himself, can also participate.
Under the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de, you can be the solution and also your personal "piece of luck" send Rhoener under this heading.
The best photos will be published.
After weeks of wrangling, Italy's Prime Minister and acting EU president, Matteo Renzi, imposed against strong conservative resistance at the EU summit last week, the nomination of his Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini as the leader of the EU's foreign policy, it will be the successor to the British, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi sees the government as a close daily newspaper La Repubblica, the appointment of his favourite team in the government's current Mogherini as strengthening the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He also expects a boost for its "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least, Renzi hopes to make the left base quietly risen against him again and again, because she is - albeit more moderate way.
With the conservative representatives with President Jean-Claude Juncker and the President of the Council nominated Donald Tusk, Poland will be the prevailing view in Rome in order to produce a political settlement.
Because the chief diplomat of the EU Commission President Juncker will at the same time, the deputy.
The pending approval of the European Parliament is considered safe.
Otherwise President, Giorgio Napolitano, the nomination of the 41-year-old politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) is hardly a "important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica spread optimism that for almost two decades, leading party offices and Mogherini, known for its ambition to "enormous challenges" will show up.
The native Rom is married and has two daughters.
Her party throughout his career began in 1996 in the youth organization of the Democratici di Sinistra (left), 2008 Democrats with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita to today's socialist PD.
For three years, Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth (Mogherini 1999 European Young Socialists).
With the 2001 election left the democrats in the Parteirat, it grew into the high party politics, worked in the department of foreign affairs, whose head was soon.
The traditional priorities of Italian foreign policy, such as the Middle East, through studies of the NATO deployment in Afghanistan, is involved in Italy with a contingent, known, used the contacts with the social democrats in Europe and the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008, she is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she is an expert in defence and European and international affairs.
When Renzi in February 2014, Premier Mogherini, he called on his foreign minister.
If the PD now has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to the more than 40 percent of the party's votes in the EU elections in May, then, as will be noted in PD circles, Federica Mogherini a share.
The reproaches in Brussels, the new High Representative have too little diplomatic experience, so lacking in substance, will be in the PD.
In Brussels, especially from Poland and the Baltic members, Mogherini's suspicious realistic accents on the crisis in Ukraine and Russia as "friendly" defamed.
It supports the South Stream pipeline operated by the Russian company Gazprom, the Russian gas will be transported directly to Southern Europe, bypassing Ukraine, which also serves the energy supply of Italy.
After his term as EU president in July, Renzi, Mogherini travelled on her first state visit to Moscow.
Photos showed them with Putin at the Shake - hands, have been included in Brussels with indignation, and that they invited the Kremlin leader in October to an economic summit in Milan.
A total of nine young people have started their training on Monday at emz - Hanauer in Nabburg.
Among them is a trainee who has previously completed another training in the company.
In four occupations are the new employees in the future: electronics (three trainees), mechatronics (two), a toolmaker (two) and mechanics (two).
All trainees come from the district of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Buecherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, John Beer, from the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited before primary and secondary schools or secondary schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the apprentices of all ages as well as the trainers to a team-building event to Oberammergau, where, among other things, a day of hiking and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company is one of 435 and 950 employees worldwide.
The number of trainees distributed across all vintages is 27.
"The socialists in France should keep your mouth shut and bring France in order," said the most important allies of Francois Hollande.
Mr Valls called the deeply divided Left, "to show their love" for the controversial socialist president, has met with the disapproval of the cabinet reshuffle among the vast majority of French people.
The president deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his side," he said to great applause.
As reassuring, the Prime Minister insisted that his government's controversial 35 -hour week in France despite fierce demands for a relaxation of the rules by Emmanuel Macrons, the new Minister for the Economy, will not call into question.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had called on his Mitsozialisten, urgently, to show a "united" with the government.
But the justice minister, Christiane Taubira, a spanner in the works, in which she appeared at a meeting of renegade Socialist MEP and criticised the Socialist Party for the French "faith in their future."
Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far right National Front, derided the constant infighting of the socialists and said that she could not imagine that the new Valls government will sustain more than a few months.
François Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls has none, they are forced to form a new government, if not the old one has survived the summer.
"And the new will also survive the autumn or winter," said Miss Le Pen against supporters.
She said repeated the reputation of her party after a dissolution of Parliament and that she was confident in early elections and the government ready to emerge as the winner.
The French ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was the EU elections in May.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party is exposed to the risk of disintegrating before the end of Hollande's 2017 into several rival factions.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience when the new socialist government not to improve the economy and record unemployment figures.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but the public must feel quickly that things change," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise just before a deal with Prestige Cruises from $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cross driving provider of the world, according to industry $advanced negotiations for the acquisition of the rival Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would be Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, giving access to the luxury cruise ships of Prestige Cruises and its wealthy clientele, while with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) is in competition.
An agreement could be announced this week, said the sources on Sunday and warned that the talks could end up as well.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also owns a 20 percent share in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises responded to requests for comments, while a spokesman for Apollo refused to comment.
The Norwegian cruise company based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues were $2.57 billion in 2013, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also located in Miami, operates under the brand names of Oceania and Regent, eight Cross driving ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues of $1.2 billion in 2013, an increase of 6 percent compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry is a total of around $29 billion and is expected in the next few years for them due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging markets such as China and India.
The companies are trying to position themselves for these new customers as the best choice for the cruise operators.
The Prestige Cruises requested U.S. regulators in January 2014, the IPO.
Apollo is the largest shareholder in the company since a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise operator owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino mixing company under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in 2008, Norwegian Cruise.
Norwegian Cruise went on the stock exchange in January 2013.
Genting held at the end of June, according to regulatory 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 percent of the shares and the private equity company TPG Capital LP, a 8 percent share in the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise have together according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige Cruises over 82 percent of the passenger capacity of American cruise ships.
Pro Hong Kong activists condemn China on the day after the vote.
A Beijing loyalty group waving near the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday passed a law that allows only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first make the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to be filled with members loyal to Beijing.
This decision will make it almost impossible for opposition democrats to be allowed to vote and led pro-democracy activists to carry out its threat and to "occupy Central" protests paralyse Hong Kong's financial centre.
Political reforms have long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; China's leadership and fears that extend the calls for democracy to other cities.
After the publication of a White Paper, outlining in Beijing in June, the dominance of China on Hong Kong democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands of people marched in the district of the city and organized a sit-in.
Li's survey is organized by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The deputy chairman of the Legal Affairs of the Standing Committee, Zhang Rong Hun and the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs, Deputy Director of the Office of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced that they would gather in the afternoon before the office of the leaders in Hong Kong.
Britain saw until the end of the 150 -year colonial government in Hong Kong before any democratic elements.
Putin called on Kiev to the inclusion of "welfare talks" with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, according to Russian media reports that the Ukrainian government is fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and directly with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow was later realized that did not mean that Putin will be under the control of the separatist area of eastern Ukraine part of Russia, but that its status must be defined in relation to the Russian-speaking region of Ukraine, the power of representation of its rights and interests.
Putin's appeal to the Kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents, however, fits the strategy apparently since the beginning of the riots five months ago: aid to the separatists in the areas and pressure on the Ukrainian government to allow the newly proclaimed region of Novo Rossiya de facto independence for an alliance with Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with the state television station Channel One, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture the territories held by separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently taken the area as "Novo Rossiya" or "Novorossiya," a term that recalls the pre-revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those Ukrainian politicians during the campaign for the elections on Oct. 26, while government groups and civilian communities in the attacking areas held by separatists hope for imminent peace talks are "trapped" in their illusions, told Itar-Tass.
"We must immediately begin detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organisation of society and the state status of south-eastern Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people who live there," he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to statehood must be seen in the context of the greater autonomy that has been discussed for months by the Kiev leadership, in order to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that threaten their cultural and linguistic rights.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern areas, said Peskow.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said, "because there is no conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman for correcting the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underlined Russia's leadership in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct annexation of Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have been far more difficult to annex the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and polls from before the conflict in Ukraine to remain a broad majority.
The autonomy, which was raised by Russian diplomats at international forums, would give the regional governments in Ukraine, its own authority to negotiate trade agreements and foreign relations, thus giving the Kremlin a de facto control over an area that connects the Russian territory of Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula annexed five months ago, is the home port for the majority of the Russian navy, as well as an important commercial port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and the Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries that produce important components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his investiture speech on June 7 that the Ukrainian legislation - after new elections - should consider amendments to the Constitution, which provide the respective areas of greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his idea of autonomy appears in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, is accused of arming and incitement to Moscow.
Putin's last call for Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on an equal footing, followed by a further encroachment of the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks have entered on the previously peaceful region in eastern Ukraine along the Sea of Azov.
The coup that took over the Russian-backed separatists, according to the fears of Ukrainian security agents, the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to the Crimea, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, massive civilian and military preparations are under way to Mariupol, a steel industry port of 500,000 inhabitants, which lies between Nowoasowsk and the narrow access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked for urgent action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We are close to the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit decided no concrete actions that lead to the drafting of further sanctions against Russia, which should enter into force at an unspezifizierten escalation of Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers have had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after the two columns of Russian tanks and 1,000 soldiers last week in the Donetsk region, in order to support the beleaguered separatists, said Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Repo, on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped by the Russian invasion in Ilowajsk, were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers captured a week ago on Ukrainian territory, announced on Sunday with Cadets.
The nude photo scandal of Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey second made no secret of his anger at hackers who have probably stolen nude photos of his fiancee Gabi Grecko and Who is Who of A celebrities from Hollywood.
The movie is a series of clear photos have appeared in excitement after a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal of celebrities on the Internet.
The hacker has probably responsible for more than 60 photographs of naked Lawrence, star of "the Tribute of Panem" and of superstars, including the models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and Grecko from Melbourne's private photos were allegedly due to an iCloud gap.
The list includes 101 celebrities.
Noble, who had been engaged with Grecko last month, said to Confidential: "it is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that stolen private information and can be transmitted to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, reportedly told a news website that the hack "shameful" and that the victims "felt" violated.
The hacker probably has 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two recordings in which she is topless in a pool.
The film works Palmers "love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck - Star Strahovski and actress Browning from sucker Punch yesterday were not available for comments on the hacked images.
A representative from TMZ Lawrence said: "it is a horrendous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth roe condemned the hacker in his tweet: "post is nothing other than the sale of Hehlerware hacked images from a cell phone."
In purely legal terms should not be tolerated Weiterverbreiten stolen images.
Bikers, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th cycle in the Great Feldberg, and thus have the "help Children" supports.
The tour, which was an ordeal for some, for others a light workout.
However, all were in agreement: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski may have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life is driven by the boss of the Oberurseler brewery yesterday by bike on the Feldberg.
For the good cause.
The small muscles can withstand it as easy, especially since his participation in the 8 cycle on the Great Feldberg in favor of the association "help Children" (Frankfurt) personally have a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I know now that I can do - fine!"
Small break on the road in the applause curve?
No, if I had stopped once, it would have been...
As Thomas Studanski, who sits on the CDU in Oberurseler, and tortured many of the 718 participants yesterday in Fruehtau to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy on the plateau.
Others, however, it was easier, over eleven kilometers of track between high marks and to overcome Feldberg.
Norman Dießner for example.
The red and green politicians from the local authority - red dress, red bike - made at the start of something on understatement ("a lot of professionals, as is the goal!"), but then turned out on the mountain as a professional and went 45 minutes without breathing.
He is also the dangers of the race in one go, as well as Nina Kuhn, spokeswoman of the town of Oberursel, which had made together with Frank green iron on the road.
For the two triathletes was not necessarily a sporting challenge, "Feldberg - cycling": "this is about charity, because we are happy with this - we would have made an exit anyway," said Kuhn.
Along the way she had met Paul Wenzel from upper mountain tyres.
The boy (12) was down on the morning after Oberursel to the Langtang immediately back on the amount.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz had swung at 9 o "clock in the morning at home in the saddle," made "the Feldberg twice to roll home with fun.
"Fries - Toni also had fun."
The head of the Oberurseler cult kiosks are cycling through the Feldberg.
He had made with his 6.5 kilo of 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
I am happy for this purpose, "said Andreas Balzke.
Mainz says of the racetrack, that he is a "ambitious" racing cyclist.
He must be, because he was with the "gear wheel" on the road, including racing, but without circuit...
It also went without a wheel loose upwards, demonstrated not only the 20 hikers who climbed on the White Wall and the fox dance up to the summit, but also a joggers, the hieroglyphs on a cord behind a car tyres with weights.
The doctor Professor Volker Lischke, who with his team, equipped with all-wheel drive - Bully and Quad, for security, said: "the code" from Frankfurt, I trained for a special sled trail, just that he prefers sleigh myself. "The man is in a sense his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and as many as never before - had been sent on the morning in groups on track.
The first hikers at 9.30 o "clock.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 pm.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers.
Broadbent Hansen, chairman of the association "cycle on the Great Feldberg," announced the start of commands and the participants wanted a nice trip.
For the next year, hope that it will be possible to block the route to the Feldberg up to the safety of the participants.
