The Prime Minister of India and Japan, in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra trend is in his first important trip abroad, since his election in May of his Japanese counterparts in Toko Shinzo Abe, economic and security relationship.
Mr Modi is located on a five-day trip to Japan, in order to strengthen the economic relations with the world's third-largest economy.
Plans for greater nuclear cooperation are at the top of the agenda.
According to reports, hopes India in addition to a Treaty for defence cooperation between the two nations.
Police 20-year-olds to faster Motorradjagd arrested by Karratha
A motorcycle was seized after the driver had driven it with 125 km / h in a 70km / h zone and scrublands to escape the police in Bilbara.
Verkehrspolizisten in Karratha attempted this morning, after they had seen, as with 125 km / h, a petrol station on the Bathdate Road failed to stop a blue motorcycle.
The police reported that the driver the Haltesignale then ignored and further on the Burgess Road, before he went in the scrublands abbog, where the officials from the eyes of lost.
The motorcycle, a person of the description of the driver was seen in Bulgarra were in a house in Walcott Way later.
The police believe the failure of a 20-year-old man accused of Karratha signal and reckless driving.
He is on 23 September in the District Court in Karratha.
The motorcycle was secured and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of rape in Naim and Pitlochry hotel
A man is on trial for the rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was read out the charges at a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of having raped a woman in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on 7 June 2013.
The charge is that Webster'unconscious, while they slept, and no agreement, attacked them. ``
Webster is also alleged to have raped a second woman in Naim's Golf View Hotel in the Scottish Highlands on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the trial date for November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Going back to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
The Congress Keith Ellison and John Lewis, have the right to establish the organisation of trade unions, tabled a legislative proposal.
', such as trade unions, die die the Mittelklassejobs, ``said Ellison, Caucus a democrat in Minnesota and Vice-Chairman of the Congressional in Congress.
Therefore, I am proud of that, together with the Bürgerrechtsikone John Lewis the Mitarbeiterermächtigungsgesetz.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal options with discrimination because of the organization of trade unions and other forms of discrimination - and stops set so anti-union forces.
The addition of national Arbeitsrechtsgesetzes, to organise a union representation to create an opportunity for a discrimination abandoned workers in order to complain about justice before a civil court - and to receive compensation or Strafgelder - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not to American standards.
Indeed, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of the bill suggest the link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks in recent years, the trade unions - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other countries throughout the country, Americans will extend to comply with labour rights and encourage countries all over the world.
There was a time in which millions of Americans, as this country is democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the freedom of association in one breath.
When the United States after the Second World War, Japan had occupied, General Douglas' Arthur and his staff, which ensure the country to adopt a Constitution that the militarised autocracy Hedki Tojos replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their unions took a role in the creation of a new Japan, they used a language that are explicitly recognized that guarantees workers' rights of association and collective bargaining and action. "
When the United States occupy Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff pushed the Germans, to write a constitution that would ensure that the fascism Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers have to organise themselves, and their voice heard in the new nation, a German added a clause which explicitly aussagte: 'the right to safeguard the employment and economic conditions and to improve to form associations, individuals and guaranteed any trade or profession.
Agreements that restrict this right or seek to diminish it are null and void; measures aimed to are illegal.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the presidency of the International Commission on Human Rights, designed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as it was taken over by the United Nations as a global agreement in 1948, Roosevelt and the other authors added a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form unions to protect its interests or to join them."
Since generations the Americans accept the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
As other countries in this country, as we build civil and democratic societies, told Americans that the right of trade unions to the creation and protection - that this trade union will participate as an equal partner with companies and government agencies in collective bargaining it should.
After these rights in America come under attack, it is actually very wise to lead the American ideal in mind that working people must have the right to unite and to make themselves heard in a free and open society.
Fifty years ago, as Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. said:
The story is a great teacher.
We all know that the workers' movement, the strength of the nation, but not increased.
By raising the living standards of millions of people, work miraculously created a market for the industry and the nation as a whole increased to unimaginable levels of production.
Forget those who attack the work these simple truths, but they kept the story.
The story recalls, and we should do this.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights and the extension of the protection of citizens' rights and protection against discrimination in the creation of employees' representatives, is long overdue.
Renew Keith Ellison and John Lewis the ideals that America has made in the past, and the promise of democracy einlösten.
Judge stops temporarily law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana could force the closure
A US Bundesrichter stopped on Sunday for the implementation of a law in Louisiana, that it led to the closure of all five Abtreibungskliniken of the State would probably say of the lawyers.
This measure, which by Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, the law in June and will enter into force on 1 Sept. to doctors, would carry out the abortion to acquire their practice a Patientenaufnahmerecht in a hospital within a radius of 30 miles.
The decision of the judges is, however, that the doctors have abortions legally, whilst still being able to apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue to work according to the law, as they seek to obtain these rights," John deGravelles federal judge wrote in his ruling.
Within a month, scheduled a hearing for the judge to bring about a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors gained more time to gain rights to hospital admissions.
``the decision today means that the women that their health and their rights to avoid a bad law in Louisiana, ''said Nancy Northup, President and Chairman of the Centre for reproductive rights, the task of the five clinics of the state on behalf of three had to stop the law.
It was not clear whether the judgment on the doctors from the two clinics that are not joined the complaint and Einweisungsrechte had also requested.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws and courts have recently declared unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi for such measures.
Schlüsselstellen a law in Texas, that most of the remaining clinics are forced to close, have been stopped by a Bundesrichter on Friday.
Abortion supporters and the American College of Ostretricians and high impact violence, as well as the American Medical Association say unanimously that the rights of doctors are demanding unnecessary restrictions.
Keep abortion opponents counter that the measures serve to protect the health of women, although some also welcomed the impact of a closure of clinics.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has Patienteineinweiserechte, told the center for reproductive rights.
That said, if all other doctors in the state are forced to have abortions, would no longer be that this doctor do not fear for the safety of the operation of the group.
In its argument against the ruling said representatives of the State of Louisiana, punish them for the implementation of abortion doctors, while their requests for Patienteneinweiserechte still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment will lead to higher death rates by ovarian in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have a Videohommage the 2007 to ovarian died, online for their mother.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of ovarian die than for women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians, where ovarian cancer was found in 2005, and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
The Forschungsleiterin Susan Jordan by QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute has said that for those living in rural and remote regions of the state, the Sterblichkeitsrisiko during the study by 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs could slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers studied the health care of women over seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of Eierstockkrebses, existing Vorerkrankungen, as well as the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer was already at a more advanced stage at diagnosis time, the survival rate was the lowest.
For those living in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study was about 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study not investigated why women living outside the city with a higher probability of ovarian died, Dr Jordan is a late diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as a possible factors.
This disease is best dealt with by gynaecological oncologists, and these are to be found in most large cities, ``she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services in order to counter the distances they had flown as a possible remedy for a strengthening of the service to provide doctors, in order to give the opportunity to specialists, women closer to their place of residence, and treatment programs for people outside their region.
Dr Jordan said that the study irrespective of geographical status of a bad Langzeitüberlebensrate among women in the ovarian revealed and stressed the need for better treatment and Vorsorgestrategien.
The study funded by Rio tinto Ride to conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the Goldküste an aggressive form of ovarian.
Regret Gartenzentren falling Hausbesitzerzahlen
The decline, along with a greater decline in the number of homeowners under 35 years could lead to garden centres, today's young consumers lose tens of thousands of pounds per year, according to a study of the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times, the "nuclear age group for garden products."
The report states that tenants, on average, 55% of the amount, the people with own homes to spend their garden.
The rise of people who live in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popular procedures, front gardens to park purposes of bitumen and the declining garden size, other factors that threaten the industry will be implemented in the estimated £5 billion a year in sales.
In the Greater London area, where the proportion of home owners over a period of six years has fallen from 61 to 43 percent, the lowest expenditure for garden products per household will be reported.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society indicate that housing for rent or small gardens do not mean that people can draw no plants.
Guy Barter, Chefgartenberater for the RHS said: 'container-growers who, because they take on a move their plants. ``for example, very popular with tenants
The HTA-report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the ``golden age ''of the Garteneinzelhandels due to rising Hauseigentümerzahlen and economic prosperity of the late 1980s until the mid-1990s.
He predicted for this year also improved market situation because of the better weather for harsh weather conditions in March and April of last year.
The opposition politician Imran Khan and the clergy Tahirul Qadri-led protest movement in Pakistan continues.
In the capital, Islamabad, around 1 000 protestors stormed PTV state television.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said, soldiers have the protestors can push for PTV-building again.
The station was its operation for about 40 minutes, but is now.
At the same time, about 3,000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Around a kilometre away provided they are equipped with Stöcken and stones, clashes with the security forces.
The police tear gas.
The protesters demanded the resignation of Sharif rejects it.
The army's calls for a political solution to the conflict, without having to waste time and without the use of violence.
After a meeting in the headquarters on Sunday evening told the military, "the army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already taken more frequently.
The opposition politician Imran Khan, Prime Minister Mr Sharif to have cheated in May last year, in the parliamentary elections.
The protests have escalated over the weekend after Khan and Qadri had urged their supporters, to Sharif residence.
Three people were killed.
Turkey ordered a US diplomat spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry, the country's longest US diplomats on information for a report on American and British spy in Turkey has been called in.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the business owner of the US embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The intercept reported that the former US analysts of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a main activity area for the US and British intelligence services.
According to the Turkish news agencies played down the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the importance of the report and said that all major countries ausspionierten each other.
An earlier report, that the main secret services in Germany in the sights, Ankara, for clear verärgertere reactions of the Turkish Government.
: driver Warnstreik threatening consequences for commuters
The driver's nationwide warning strike on Monday evening could also affect the movement in NRW.
For 18 to 21: 00 currently tends to be announced on all transport companies, including the long-distance, regional and S-Bahn-transport.
The main thrust of the Warnstreiks is the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi / archive
The trade union Bezirksvorsitzende said the German drivers (GDL), Sven Schmitte in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant cuts.
Regional priorities there.
The main thrust of the warning strike was the freight.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to minimise the impact, to do everything.
The GDL, where they strike, not to say, however, that it is difficult to foresee the consequences.
Police chief of Magaluf accused of corruption
The prosecutor went to the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca Calvià evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city on Friday.
The head of the police of Calvià on the Ferieninsel Mallorca was arrested in the notorious Magaluf Binge-Drinking-hotspot after corruption of businessmen and Barbesitzern.
Hauptkommissar Jose Antonio Navarro was taken into custody by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, road, in the most bars and Nachtclubs of Magaluf are after corruption against him.
According to the online newspaper Diario Majorca, the prosecutor's office of the Public Prosecutor for corruption Mallorcas on Friday evidence of blackmail by police officers and employees of the city Calvià.
Two further Ortspolizisten were arrested in connection with the corruption of the Spanish Guardia Civil and be consulted with Navarro from a judge.
The national Spanish newspaper ABC reported that the angry Nachtklubbesitzer witnesses, nepotism, the authorities have a major impact on their business.
``it is not a question of making money, it is a question of survival, ''said one of the business of the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines in 18 years of British tourist was shown in this summer due to a viral YouTube videos, which operated fellatio on 24 men during a family trip.
The island authorities have since tried to stop the misconduct alkoholisierter holidaymakers in Magaluf, was minimized by the number of participants in the notorious alcohol soaked pub crawls.
The Playhouse Club, in which the Fellatiovorfall took place, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and the pubs tour organizer carnage have to pay a penalty of €55,000 ($73,000) together.
The tourist resort of Magaluf, which is especially popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of "Balconing," in which people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from Adelaide Airport
The spring has been damaged by the airport Südaustralien Adelaide from with heavy Schauern and strong wind, the flights that brought a winterliche surprise.
In the evening until 21: 00 further 5mm rain fell on the city, which ended up on Sunday in the night had already mm to 6.6.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a casting, which began shortly before 8 p.m. and was almost 4mm rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After the winter for an early dose of spring last week were the temperatures in the city again on Monday at a maximum of only 15.8 degrees C.
The böigen weather conditions have probably led to the delayed landing of a flight of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was supposed to end up at 7.30 p.m., has been hit by a Scherwind, however, a sudden change of Windgeschwindigkeit or take off on a short distance and had to direction.
Wind gusts reached about 50 km / h on the ground at the Adelaide Airport at this time.
The flight data showed that the plane had to start with a second landing by finally around 20.40 p.m. set.
The Flugverzögerung led to delays in the wake of some other flights, including a Emirates-flight from Dubai and a Quantas-flight from Sydney.
In Adelaide with possible Schauern predicted by 16 degrees Tuesday a Höchsttemperatur.
Matthies is high time to a large network.
In view of the accelerating technological progress, to transform our behagliches homes in high-tech Schaltzentralen comfort is our columnist, Bernd Matthies facilitated with a very familiar electronic accessories.
While I believe that here, my view of the Spiralkabel the ears with the telephone and I think: Boah, what matters is that?
But there is a point behind it: If the cable would not would fly in the shortest possible time around all the listener mercenaries in the house, and that would be significantly more retro.
Already applies in the ekeltronischen (ekeltronischen?
No, typos: Electronic) sector is the rule that today's world premiere of electrical waste of tomorrow, bought - outdated.
And who, for example, still a Röhrenfernseher in the living room, which says that only that it fundamentally rejects television.
Why these considerations?
Because the Andrängen the IFA on Funkturm again this week our absolute incompetence in questions of electronics.
The sooner the layman, washing machine and CD-player, blind dominated today is not the purpose of the equipment, the spread before him with incredible eitlem Expertensprech: 'Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies is promising us the Pressestelle.
Yes, go?
What should you talk with people who apparently spread such quark voluntarily?
Basically, it is above all that we kindly to connect our house for about 20 years.
So the yoghurt nachbestellt itself, so that the Brandmelder on holiday in the Maldives informs us that the Arbeitszimmer degree burns.
And it would be wonderful if we from the office of the air-conditioning on our early arrival...?
Yes, this presupposes, however, an air conditioning system.
But a dream will certainly be true: We lift our watch, say it out loud, "suck!" - and home runs the vacuum cleaning robots.
Wrong.
All amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "Blurring the boundaries between white and brown goods," raunt an industry experts, you can connect the washing machine with a set of headphones, the steam garer sends the weather forecast and the data glasses indicates how long the pizza in the oven still needs, but nothing is, because we are in a traffic jam.
From the day-to-day practice, we also know that if a neumodisches device really is urgently needed, is guaranteed the Akku empty.
Another reason is that the Spiralkabel survive the next Funkausstellungen on the phone.
Israeli children return back to their schools after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip returned back to the schools on Monday, after they had spent the summer in air shelters, while rocket and mortar fire went down to their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza and the schools remained closed, while the area is recovering from the fighting.
The Schulstart expressed by Raketeneinschusslöchern torn communities in southern Israel a feeling of joy and expectation, but the signs of the fighting is still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod distant staff of the'Pashosh' kindergarten, taken by a missile, before the arrival of the students from the walls and Granatsplitter Schiebewänden.
"We have a little bit of fear, but are excited," said Ronit Bart, Anwohnerin in the caves of Saad and local English teacher.
Many children in our area urgently need a return to a routine.
Their 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a bit strange" suddenly to go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we have not even gone out of the house," she said.
President Johns Hopkins researchers Rivlin visited the caves near the border with Gaza, in order to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire in the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities like Saad remained in their homes or left their homes to safer areas further removed from Gaza and escape the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Ein Oz, a town near the border with Gaza, a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar grenade, are still with the return.
The Ministry of Education said, about a dozen families is not yet returned.
Their children were temporarily housed in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, visited a school in Sderot, the Palestinian attack on Gaza, a border town.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot and said, 'we will ensure that their knowledge erwerbt and offer you security'.
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday a unbefristeteten cease-fire.
The cease-fire, for an immediate end to the fighting, important problems remain unresolved, such as the requirement of Hamas for the lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of the air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel is calling for the disarmament of Hamas and the transfer of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
More than 2,100 Palestinians have been killed in the war, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimates of the Palestinians and the United Nations.
Israel denies this information and estimates that at least half of those killed by militants, presented, however, no concrete evidence of this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a thailändischer workers, killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4.591 rockets and mortar shells at Israeli cities during the fighting, the majority in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and some 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 UN schools that have been turned into temporary protection areas.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fight continues, the education authorities last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school is open again soon, so that we can continue to learn, as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After election in Saxony, CDU-Vice Strobl, NPD-closure case into
Given the loss of votes of the NPD in Saxony CDU-Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl has called for an end to the ongoing NPD ban procedure in the constitutional court.
Berlin - According to the CDU-Bundesvize Thomas Strobl should the current Verbotsverfahrens find an end to the Federal Constitutional Court against the National Democratic Party.
"The NPD performs worse than last time," said Strobl, who is also the CDU-country chief in Baden-Württemberg, the Leipziger Volkszeitung. "
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me come to the conclusion that the NPD fought politically and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD has been very close to the five-percent hurdle in the vote on Sunday.
A first attempt for a ban on the extreme right-wing party was because the Verfassungsschutz at that time in the NPD-tip informers had failed in 2003.
In December 2013, the Federal Council after a long preparation filed a new request in Karlsruhe.
Federal government and parliament joined.
Harburg tents for new refugees.
The Neuländer place refugees are now housed in tents.
The initial reception of refugees in Harburg bursts bursting at the seams.
Now the inner authority has set up three tents of the Red Cross in addition.
The Bezirkspolitiker were informed until shortly before they are less enthusiastic.
Stir up these pro-active action to the citizens' concerns and give the Bezirkspolitikern no possibility'of the humane accommodation of refugees to be constructive, says about Britta Herrmann, chairman of the Greens in the Harburger Bezirksversammlung.
Their demands that the Bezirksverwaltung Harburg currently unused houses on the accommodation available.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the initial reception are the influx of hilfesuchenden - and the fact that the authorities do not provide enough seats in Folgeeinrichtungen.
Many refugees therefore remain longer than the regular three months.
The house prices have seen the strongest winter increase in seven years, shows a widely observed index.
The FP Data CoreLogic Hedonic home value index for homes in the Australian capital increased by 1.1% in August, the FP-data on Monday.
This increase is the overall increase in June, July and August at 4.2%, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices stood at 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not spread evenly across the country.
The Forschungsleiter of FP data, Tim Lawless, said that a two-tier market Sydney and Melbourne drive.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose by 16.1 percent last year, in Melbourne by 11.7 percent against.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra, which has been hit hard by the cuts in government spending and where prices rose by only 1.4 percent over the year.
Mr Lawless said, that we are seeing now for the next few months, an increase in the sale of the property with the true spring breakthrough, the '''is a real test of the market.
``if you constantly high rate of auction prices at a rapid rate, in general, and the constantly low Zinsumgebung, it is likely that the Eigenheimpreise increase still further in the next three months, ''he said.
In a statement to the New Press he contradicts statements of the business leader Peer Medau and attests to this, "Mr as a field" pose.
The style of the university is not, it is stated in the communication.
So the family Medau had already been "verbally informed about the idea of the university in mid-June.
The statement that the plans were first announced in July, are definitely wrong, "so Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that the plans is not "Vorfestlegungen or even decisions," it "preferences."
The Zufahrt necessary for the development of the narrow street up to the castle is less dramatic than feared the Medaus.
A nine-metre-wide road was and is not the speech.
It is the current state of 5.50 meters, which is a meter wide than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of Medau-operators that their free and schuleigenen climate used by students of the university, in future, only then, Pötzl.
Parks will not solve anything, because that as with other public parking spaces become intelligent.
In the vicinity are
The nursery Bergwichtel lead to the site and above the door to the Zufahrt Parkdeck along would not, according to the Hochschulpräsidenten be compromised '.
Rather, it is to remember that, "it is not only about the nursery, but also about the residents at the junction of the Friedrich-Streib Street and the 800 students of neighbouring Primary School.
It is much more than the individual interests of the gentlemen Medau so Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents Advisory Board of the nursery, with the expansion of the road would be one of the few natural spots Coburgs lost was "entitled," the reader can decide for themselves. "
At the beginning of October Pötzl'wants to inform about the architectural development of the university by 2020 the councillors, together with the State Bauamt Bamberg and address the new development of the importance in this context.
Peer Medau last week was informed about the plans of the university, the parents of the nursery.
The approach of the new parking deck should not continue to lead on the campus and the Friedrich-Streib Street, but on the Medau mountain.
This would have to be expanded the narrow road about a kilometre length two lanes.
According to the projections Medaus would make the traffic in the park of the castle high rock tenfold.
There is talk of about 2,000 vehicles a day.
The city was not yet comment on the project.
Glan village comes back from handball team
Mr Glandorf will play for the DHB-team.
The 31-year-old from the German giants SG Flensburg-Handewitt led for this decision especially health problems.
The decision is to me it is matured for several months, was not easy.
It is time for me to listen to my body's signals and to end my career in the national team, "said the 2007 world champion on his Facebook page.
He therefore play with a record of 167 countries and 576 goals for Germany in the international retirement.
Because the throw huge rear space player wants to go hunting for a few years in the Champions League winner from Flensburg gates, he is now the new Federal Coach Dagur Dagur Sigurdsson is no longer available.
With the Icelanders, on Tuesday his squad for the internationals against Switzerland earned a led Glandorf'long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches as they get my long-standing players and my successor, just as enthusiastic.
For longer Regenerationspausen are necessary, the current double burden does not allow for my club but I would also like to have healthy in the next few years.
The left-handed, 2012 after a heel infection must fear at the end of his career.
Because he had Achillessehnenproblemen triggered a strong lighting later had to be treated with a Cortisonspritze) of the German Teamärzten Handballbundes (DHB.
An emergency operation aimed and two further interventions.
Then, Glan village had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the confrontation ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years national team career go past a body without a trace.
I have some health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot surgery, the 2012 at short intervals, I have never really got my blood pressure under control.
These are some others wear-related complaints.
Already, said at the beginning of the year, I said that I manage my head, but not my body, ``interview Glandorf in the magazine ''Handball Time``.
For a comeback, he would be available only in an emergency.
"If all else tear, I am always willing to talk," the dual father told the magazine.
I cannot, however, between us can be counted on one hand, the years in which I play Handball.
I must also say that I have become 2012 also quite humble in my long in hospital, what my health.
In my career, I can just go at least some.
In addition to the World Cup title in 2007 and the profit of the Champions League 2014 methodology it 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo) the EHF cup.
2012 he secured the Europapokal Flensburg, with the winners.
Germany's economy shrank by 0.2 percent in the spring
The crises around the globe have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell by 0.2 percent from April to the end of June 2014 compared to the prior quarter.
That said, the Federal Statistical and provisional calculations.
The consumption alone revived the economy in the spring, while the investment went backwards.
The external trade and the economy.
Thanks to the strong Jahresauftakts results for the first half of overall GDP increase of 0.8% in the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the aim of the Sunday for the first time by the Burgmannsstadt, the'Münsterland-Mooiste.
Man City Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer" on Sunday.
In the Netherlands, the largest Radsportverband NTFU ', the so-called' Münsterlande-Mooiste.
This handet is the largest journey by bicycle across the Radfahrerparadies Münsterland, close to the Netherlands.
About 1000 participants bedankten with its application in Jos ter Huerne for the organisation of this Rundfahrt through the Münsterland.
"This tour was interested in various journals.
We come from Den Helder and take part in this Rundfahrt, driven overnight.
We want to get to know the Münsterland also in this way again, "rejoiced the cyclists on the route through the circles Steinfurt, bark and Coesfeld.
After the registration, protect the club's brother, Sta.
There was a small'Friedensfahrt' through the city on the Wall, where also the launch.
Further, the route back to the advertised for three different categories, in the direction of Herrenholz on the Schöppinger Berg towards Coesfeld and Havixbeck and after Horstmar Billerbeck.
On routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 metres, 120 kilometres with 1475 m elevation and 145 kilometres with 1775 of altitude, the cyclists demonstrated their good condition.
Verpflegt they were traveling in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Hauptorganisator Jos ter Huerne and Bürgermeisterstellvertreter Heinz Lölfing were on the success of this cycling-events very pleased.
We are satisfied, and it was a nice experience for all concerned.
The organization was completed without problems, and there were no adverse events, "Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not as many participants as the organizers had hoped for, what was probably in the bad weather forecasts and the morning rain.
``we see us again, hopefully in 2015, in fine weather, on 30 August or during a weekend '', promised the cyclists yet again into Münsterland return and the organisers plan a new version.
Konstantin Weckers brutally honest memoirs
It is actually more philosophical testimony as a biography, which put on paper in 287 sides Konstantin Wecker, songwriter, a pacifist, politsicher activist, ex-prisoners, in ``monk and warriors.
Not chronologically, but more thought scraps for scraps of thought, written on June 1, born in 1947, his memoirs in Munich, each chapter initiated by a suitable song text.
And he is brutally honest: From the Onanie as high school student to shoplifting and drug use, he leaves no human weakness.
Also, to demonstrate how he himself has learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Broad areas are too abstract, but even more important concepts: Love, soul, ego, Being in Now, spirituality - all that he tried to go to the bottom, in a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he explained his pacifism, its social criticism, its political commitment - and, as the music has not only (the Opernliebhaber became the Soul and Rockmusiker), but also those.
The latter has the Lebemann Konstantin Wecker ``by Subtraktion ', as he says,' by all unnecessary brake '', closer to the asketischen monk.
Between all the hochgeistigen views but there are also a short anecdotes on earth: approximately on beatings in a restaurant or a crazy proposal used car, he planned on a tree.
Also because he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: my father has never in the arm.
Never said ``I love you ''
Henry was one of seven children of a family Jamaica Cuban immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father died when he was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearsing for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and emerged from the series on Radio 4.
The Soundtrack is a mixture of Reggae and Rap, with lively Melodien.
But Henry had to work through some difficult Kindheitsmomente.
He went to ``many ''therapies, following the death of his mother, and Henry is thought about his relationship with his father.
It was difficult to know him.
We never saw his face, only to hear his voice: 'listen to the noise.
Let your sister in peace and quiet.
Beweg you!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up, when I was a child - went with him in the pub and talked about things, such as the shape of the beer glass or the beauty of a cricket strike.
I never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, he was the serious type in the corner of the newspaper.
Recently opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at the time of his father, Henry won it with an insight into how life may have been for him.
It is high time, but they are dark verraucht, deep stygische maze with Flammenstößen and smoke and soot.
My father was simply earlier in the tub and then you could hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry.
When I went around there, I realized that he had done so for years, in order to bring the food on the table, and my respect for him has been growing.
However, Henry grew without stuff of love to his parents as a child.
My father never embraced me, he never said "I love you."
Only when it is my mother at the end of their life is bad, we started, ``I love you, I love you, I love you ''.
Through his own daughter Billie, Dawn French, he disappeared as a child he had to share the love.
Could you let's stop with the "I love you"?
But to listen to hug me!
Dad, I am 22.
With Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
It is a great mother.
It is with which he married 25 years was friends with French.
Dawn is a good one.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henrys own mother was a diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I was very, very overweight and symptoms of diabetes, said my doctor'you must be radically.
So I moved through this thing and has also had to make a drastic diet, in order to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is demanding.
No one is happy to eat carrots.
Henrys Karrierewechsel is perhaps in its elegant, kurzgeschnittenen Bart.
Since he was praised by critics for his masterpiece, he is captured by the theater.
It was followed by The comedy of errors, and then fences of August Wilson.
This is a different experience from the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy working life.
He started with only 16 years, when he was working in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage, when he wrote persons and imitation of New Faces about him.
His television career began in the mid-1970s. "I was the only black impersonator / comedian on television for a very long time."
He got in the profession.
I had to not only be large in the eyes of the public, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I could be an effective jokes-narrative-machine, while I was a star on television, and it was really difficult.
Lenny in 1975 in New Faces
As the Bühnenrecht managers in the Black and White Minstrel Show '', had a slight Unterhaltungsprogramm in which people'black anmalten, led his musical comedy Henry there about five years.
My family was very unpleasant.
Somehow, I wish that it would never happen, but I regret that I have done it.
It was a strange, uncomfortable position for me, but I worked on Riesenprojekten and knew how to deal with a large audience.
But this' years of prize-winning easy pillar of the British television'was also a bizarre parody of black people'.
With the introduction of characters, which celebrated the British black culture as both a mock, Henry worked on an alternative comedy circuit in the 1980s.
The first series of Lenny Henry Show went on air in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as the chef Gareth Black lock in the comedy series leader, among other things.
Advertising, documentaries, TV series and movie roles characterized his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "What are you doing next, Len, because everything feels like, when you're only time rum or join a little bit on the spot."
Then came a documentary series for Radio 4 titled What's So Great About...?
The first consequence was to Shakespeare.
I was downright allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never right in the school learned something about him and held him for a domain of the middle class, whites in tights and a cabbage at the front.
So I had great fear.
All that we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "You should try it again.
Please do not bad, if you do not know what you redest.
Put a couple of words in the mouth, and then you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry on led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary and he was excited.
I had the feeling that I was able to do this.
It was almost as if someone had his head finally set up correctly.
``therefore, it is a serious matter, take it seriously lern your text, a recherchiere bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
It seemed to be an accident, and this happened.
And soon joined in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a time when I thought, 'Oh, you have changed you'.
There was a technical error and Henry instinctively felt that he had to entertain the audience.
"A small voice told me" You must now bridge 10 minutes while the computer repair. ""
Instead of Bühnenleiter announced that the idea of opening, as soon as the problem solved.
I was on the scene and something I said'Oh, thank God'.
I am not responsible for this.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a play, so stay in your role."
Henry the Duchess Theatre in Fences
To learn the text for Fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, that strengthens tendons.
It also sold well, so it is like a large sign of the gods that I say, 'This is your destiny. ""
He says that, of course, with a dramatic voice.
So I will say it.
I love it.
I love to be in a rehearsal room.
Henry but still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is crossed by humorous outbreaks, while he repeatedly people imitated.
I have decided to make a stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of immediate gratification of a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If that is so, it all goes against a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo, if I want it, but overall, I am not as much as before.
I ask him whether he will ever make another stand-up comedy tour.
The fun that I was in a room with a director who helps to shape a beginning, a middle part and the end of a journey - I do not believe that I would ever give up again.
This is the new personification?
I think so.
I am an actor.
It is fun.
We always tells a story, and it is great.
I love stories.
The people love stories.
Houthi rebels blocking roads in Yemen's capital
The conflict between the Yemeni government and Shiite Houthi rebels, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi supporters have occupied in Sana'a on Monday central streets, a spokesman for the Houthi party'Ansar Allah'.
The Zufahrt Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media reports of a transport chaos in the capital.
Yemen'post' according to the online edition of the newspaper was Houthi leaders Abdulmalik al-Huthi called for action on Sunday evening.
Huthi threatened with a further escalation of the conflict, according to the newspaper if its demands are not met.
The Shia Houthis fight for more independence from the sunnitisch governed Yemen and call for the resignation of the government.
The Huthi tribe besieged the Yemeni capital for nearly two weeks.
Around 30,000 rebels have built protest camps in the main access routes of Sanaa.
In the surrounding area there are recurrent bloody battles with the Yemeni military.
Kenya registered officials' in order to curb Geisterangestellte
Kenya has begun to register all biometrisch state officials to delete "spirit range" from the government.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, would not pay more, was a government with division.
The government thought that thousands of people after their departure from the public service salaries.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013, to combat corruption in the public service.
In a test at the beginning of this year that at least 1 million in payments for'Geisterangestellte ``and other unfair'll $(700) were GBP per month.
The government thought that salaries to be paid to accounts, when a person is dead or the public service, for the BBC reported Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear in the next two weeks for identification centres, to ensure that their data be included on the biometric registration, was announced in a government news.
All this would not be without a credible excuse would be removed from the payroll, was the communication.
"Through this approach is contributed significantly to the rationalisation of public service, will be determined by the actual number of officials and the payroll will be adjusted on both levels of government - the" ghost employees "will be eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry of decentralization and planning.
The scandal surrounding the Kunstberater Helge Achenbach, on 11 November, for the first time in a court of law.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of ALDI founder Theo Albrecht, demand 19.4 million euros in damages in a civil suit at the Düsseldorf Regional Court of Thun and two of his companies, which are located in bankruptcy proceedings.
The told a Gerichtssprecherin on Monday.
In the copy, Achenbach have betrayed the purchase of works of art and as Bertolt Albrecht higher than is actually paid purchase prices calculated.
This is also the commission higher.
Achenbach Wertgegenstände for Albrecht was bought for EUR 121 million.
Children need roots and wings
44 years, he was in the Schuldienst, 23 and head teachers.
From that time, Manfred Richter knows many hardend Peter domestic and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, always striving, however, to see the pupils of the people.
The Schneekoppe is the best-known mountain of Riesengebirges.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the theme from his home country.
Judge was born in 1930 in Trautenau / North Bohemia, Trutnov today.
With 14 interested he is after four years of secondary school for the teaching profession.
One year later were deprived of the Sudeten Germans.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
It came after a few months in a camp in Bavaria in 1946 - in freight wagon.
So making it judges into oberfränkische Senkendorf.
The teacher was held in Bamberg.
Manfred judges had to go to Bamberg six times by train, the nearest railway station, ten kilometres per week, there are three kilometres across the whole city to school, and in the evening.
After two months, Manfred judges in a Red Cross home in Bamberg a Schlafgelegenheit: together with up to 15 classmates in a Schlafsaal.
In 1951 he made the first and in 1954 after three years Lehramtsanwärter the second Staatsexamen.
There is no free Lehrerstelle Oberfranken for him, he had applied to Upper Bavaria and was on 1 November 1954 to the school in Kollbach.
The'Miss-room was his first' 'in the Schulhaus tied accommodation.
In 1958 he was referring to the neuerbauten Lehrerhaus alongside the school, a three-room-tied accommodation.
This House bought Manfred judges in 1980, when the school has been dissolved in Kollbach in 1968.
In the meantime, there was in Kollbach in Schulverband Petershausen-Kollbach three classes and Petershausen five.
From the 1968 / 69 school year they were grouped into Peter Mitte in today's town hall.
As the Schulverband Indersdorf was founded, was the primary school in the ground.
To avoid in the smaller school a downgrading, changed the former Rector Georg Sigl after Karlsfeld and Manfred judge his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and so the children and their teachers of the extended to judge retirement in 1997, the present building from September 1982.
Manfred judges praises the building on Gemeindekosten in addition a Werkraum and in the expansion of 1997 Kellerräume, although the following the guidelines for Schulbauten non was convenient, the generosity of the then Mayor Ludwig Götz.
"Mayor Götz was very friendly," recalled are grateful to judges.
In his entire career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative, who had responded to a unit of a school Council on Law and Justice: "We must never forget the love." Manfred Richter began with what he had heard a young teacher.
"You must consider the two children: Roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to ``do not always know: whether it only his pupils or as its own six children, is not very clear.
In any case, judge what was sometimes unconventional.
If students are prügelten, they got it not a Strafarbeit and individual to Nachsitzen.
At the expense of the community, judges had two pairs Boxhandschuhe upgrade and left the two sides compete, even if it should be a violet.
For the sake of the school used judges as rector a good relationship for then-Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This led to the non-party judge after his retirement, to stand as the last of the CSU list for the local council, at least in 1996.
But judges was selected at number six and joined the CSU.
180 kilometres in three days
HR4-700 cyclists ride in the park by bath salt (and Scots stopovers a
If cyclists on their tour in bath salt (or Scots stopping, that in itself is nothing special.
On Friday, however, the number of stopping impression: The 700 participants of the hr4 bike ride alone and accompanying entourage enjoyed a break in the lower end of bath salts, and later a party in the open air in the country of old Castle Park.
Under the motto'radeln and celebrate on newly discovered ways between Nidda and Kinzig ``had taken on Thursday in Bad Vilbel participants and experienced a concert of Van Baker & band.
On Friday it was taken seriously: The cyclist took the first stage, the 60 kilometers on FLOR city after bath salt, and continue to Scots in attack.
In Bad Salzhausen the athletes were welcomed by Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, mitgestartet with the bicycle in Bad Vilbel, and the head of the Eigenbetriebs Bad Salzhausen, Petra Schwing-Döring.
The refreshment of body and mind had been prepared for all sorts of good things: The country had women from Ranstadt and low-mock city 85 sheets apple, Zwetschen-, streusel cake and cheese cake baked a mouth that the talented cyclists.
``these cake can only praised bake in a participant from Aulendiebach, while another little orderte '.
The Getränkestand of Turnvereins Geiß-Nidda cold refreshments could be bought.
The "duo Bravo" led the visitors with well known arias from operas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful setting of the park was relaxing.
A man was also a head massage of his partner: "He deserves, because he has already secured abgesprungene bicycle chains."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the operational head still work: They were interviewed by reporters Rainer Janke at the fountain in front of the historical house and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bath salt sojourn.
Promotion chef Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 bike ride in 2004 as a tour manager, also could just run out of steam, he still had plenty to do with the technology on the ground.
His pickup truck, in which he communicated through three phones and a radio with his staff and the 15-member motorcycle police squadron of Hesse, wrote Facebook entries and reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of participants comes from the Rhine-Main area," he told me, "but also from casting or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even travelled from many cities in Westphalia cyclists.
The number of participants is a bit after the night capacity available.
In Category 1, the participants will be staying in hotels, in Category II in Sammelunterkünften.
The spa town which had had the cyclists' a good impression to one and a half hours aufbrachen again: 'Tschüss!
``it was ''in Bad Salzhausen, nice winkten them to leave.
After the arrival in Scotland, the group could insert a brief breather.
But, in the evening, called for the cyclist in the idyllic old Castle Park.
Under the direction of the company for tourism and city marketing Schott (GTS), the park had received a nice atmosphere and, of course, was prepared foods, such as the middle with well-chilled white feather.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-CEO Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his role as a board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased'in Scotland, on the' many farm.
DJ Tobias Hagen free was then Tanzbühne.
The opportunity to kick moving under the open sky, eagerly used in spite of physical activity on the bike.
Among the guests were increasingly citizens who were taken by the good mood, such as the large number of cyclists.
On the second day, the stations Birstein, Guardian Bach and bath orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - for the cyclists were on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of cycling together, met the athletes back in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police arrested against the government of'conspiracy
A total of 33 police arrested'against the government on suspicion of a' conspiracy in Turkey, local Medienagenturen.
The police authorities issued no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 senior police officers, reports Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested because they had allegedly tapped an organized criminal association and phone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (the then Prime Minister was) described their actions as part of the activities mentioned in positions of power of the Islamic clerics Fethulla Güllen against him and others.
Not all children in Ukraine are returning back to school
Schools opened almost everywhere in Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arsenij Jazenjuk his daughter in the school.
They told us that not all schools reopened had he waiting journalists, that he was determined to defend the country for future generations.
Celebrate the September were not held in every school.
The sky is not all about Ukraine peacefully.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian Popular Front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, visited the Jazenjuks subsidiary, spoke in Russian.
We hope that this will finally return to peace and that the children receive an education that they will be useful in other life.
The first day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated with the children wear embroidered shirts, balloons in the hands and their teachers give flowers.
With Rona fair Head, perhaps the BBC has found a great director, which it needs.
It is with a proud fame than from the banking world, the media management and the inner circle of the Tory Party.
And it has its own Fronterfahrung.
Her career began in the global Managementberatungsunternehmen bain and so on, as they Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media of Pearsons changed.
It was board chairman of the Financial Times for seven years and came back as the top post of the parent company went pear's to a younger male colleagues.
Their compensation was supposedly nearly 1 million.
Their political ranking is sound.
David Cameron has been recommended by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, as it searched for more private knowledge in Whitehall: She was a consultant to the cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
In May, I described the role of chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: Inside on the first guard of the BBC's own management hierarchy, but also to the outside world as the voice of public concern and anxiety, if things go wrong.
This makes for an almost unsustainable duopoly, which calls for a complete comprehensive reform.
But the new incoming president would be to risk to take on everything and the complex is like a Chinese dynasty, auseinanderzunehmen an institution in itself, it is perhaps his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, even many are keen to see the BBC reduced - overtaken power, money and status.
While the competition is approaching old and new technologies threaten comfortable collateral is the upcoming trial of royalties for the BBC with special risks.
For the modest sum of 145,50 GBP per year is buying the British public in the probably biggest media companies in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: She says that they reached 96 percent of all households, and each of them costs only 40 pence per day.
And apparently, the BBC on the popularity scale back up: 53 percent support it today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The sight and Nutzungsgewohnheiten for the BBC have changed: I get Nachrichtenschlagzeilen today on my mobile phone and see missed programmes later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very considerable and beloved institution.
It needs a considerable chairman - I hope it has found it.
Perry of Texas says that was not authorized derogatory tweet
A Tweet from the official Benutzerkonto of Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a herabsetzende comment on the democratic Bezirksstaatsanwältin at the heart of any criminal charge against him for abuse of authority.
The Tweet was deleted and replaced the previous abstritt of Perry's Benutzerkonto by another.
It has been sent out a tweet from my account, which was not authorised by me.
"I do not approve of the tweet and I deleted it," it said in a later message.
Staff of Perry not answered promptly to requests for comments.
Although the Tweets of Perry's official Benutzerkonto thought that was not clear who the Feed.
In the previous tweet was painted an unfavourable image of the district prosecutor of Travis County, Rosemary clay mountain, who was convicted for drink-driving in April 2013.
Perry, a veto on a financial support of their offices, as they refused to withdraw what an indictment of Perry, the presidential candidate could possibly be 2016 - a Grand jury this month in Austin.
The text of the Tweets reads: 'I do not drive with the triple permissible limits drunk... but if I do, I would accuse Governor Perry, if he ausplaudert'.
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Clay's office was not charged with the direction of the investigation of the grand jury against Perry.
This was the choice of a Republican judges, led by Michael McCrum, a Sonderstaatsanwalt from San Antonio.
Perry pleaded not guilty to the charges and called a political trick.
His hardcore team of lawyers, in which the case for judges, reject the indictment and argued that the law, in the history of the State of Texas against the longest-serving Governor, diffuse unverfassungsgemäß.
Perry stopped $7.5 million in state money to the state's Public Integrity Unit, which is based in Travis County and determined in cases of corruption in Texas, as clay mountain refused to resign.
This veto caused a public complaint from a linksstehenden Watchdog group.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After he had finished fifth in the 2012 election rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy, Perry went on speculation that he would stop, he posted a tweet a photo of themselves while jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we come!"
Berkeley declared housing to'normal'.
One of the most prominent builders of London pointed out that the housing ''returned to normal levels in the south-east of England.
Homes in the capital were hotly sought and subject to enormous price increases, and the Bank of England because of the widespread fear of a credit boom that led to set limits on mortgage in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of high-class Bauunternehmens Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013," and added that this is a "stable environment" offer.
The housing market in London was well positioned during the downturn, because foreign buyers pushed in the capital.
According to information from the Katasteramts are the prices in the city have increased by leaps and bounds to 18.5% in the last year alone, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling prices of Berkeleys private, cheap and student services rose by about a fifth last year and were at the end of April to £423.000.
However, a stronger pound has made property in London less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months - some of them have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "villas" tax before the general election next May.
The London real estate agents Foxtons warned last week that the Hypothekenmarktbericht for April, presented in the tougher Kreditvergaberegelungen, such as the prices lead to lower growth in both the Immobilienverkauf in the second half of this year.
The Bank of England on Monday new data show a decline in the mortgage approval in July, which also indicates that the housing market is cooling.
Hamptions International, a different Immobilienagentur, corrected his prediction for the increase in property prices in London for 2015 down to 3%, on the basis of an already faltering Hauspreisbewußtseins.
The transaction limit in the most expensive areas of London Mayfair and Kensington and Chelsea, year on year, is now reduced to a quarter, so the broker Wa Ellis.
However, the desire for a home in the capital is a boon to Berkeley, because the sums due to date sales amounting to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: ``the demand for the right, well-planned product at the best locations remained stable and, as a result, the Terminverkäufe'remained stable.
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3.742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis.
The annual pre-tax profit rose by 40 per cent to £280 million, sales at 18 per cent to £1.6 billion annually.
In a statement on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr Pidgley said that the revenue for Berkeley in the current year would be expected to comply with the current market expectations.
The analysts estimate in the annual Vorsteuerergebnis to 450 million.
Berkeley-shares were found in the afternoon in the London trade in 23,96.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence by hackers published on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence appearance in 85. Oscarverleihung.
Wonderland of Oscarpreisträgerin Jennifer Lawrence were alleged to have another 100 Starlets of images ``Masterliste, published by hackers online.
A representative of the stars of "The Tribute of panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence are real and accused the hackers for "flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those that continue to post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photographs, the gepostet 4chan originally on the photo-sharing-side were supposed to be obtained from Apple in the online Speichersystem iCloud through a loophole. the so-called'Masterliste' Hackingopfer includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed-reported.
It is not sure how many of the pictures are real, though Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you look at photos that my husband and I have started years ago in a private environment of our house - I hope that you are really happy with you," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that the photos had pictures of her and two Tete "This so-called naked pictures of me are fake, people.
We are still in the early stages pun intended. * *.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman of the authenticity of the alleged photos of her abstritt popstar Ariana Grande.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobsons hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter ``J ''.
They zerflossen, one could best describe it, they are slowly on a box that you have in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he is too serious, exhausting, intense, aloof and perhaps kratzbürstig.
And then schüttelte him.
Kratzbürstig knew it.
He was stachelig, as in between.
The last victim of the sting was just starting the affair had been promising for a reduction of the lonely boredom of his life than usual, and he might even have brought a degree of satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomon's was a trembling delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and harsh as Port Reuben.
On 415.221, 190.908 81.011 you was the 60.139, 56.156, 35.363, Kevern on 15.390 for her aunt, has begun to south on 50.500 with an older monitoring on 174.903 and 221.352 the inherited the 74.140 with the relevant behalf, 111.217 24.323 Paradise Valley on a piece of land on 85.977 in a wet paradise 48.847, but on 207.958 valley).
For several years, no one lived in the house.
The pipes are taking in the bathrooms were still Nacktschnecken spiders, cannot, had left their mark on all windows and believed that they belong, and the garden was the as huge Kohlköpfe appeared überwachsen with weeds.
It was as the House from a children ’ s story, both alarming as attractive, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the list for the Man Booker Prize in 2014.
The Shortlist will be announced in the next week.
Kevern had sat in the high grass on the broken deckchairs händchenhaltend with Ailinn and an unusually hot Frühlingsnachmittag. both had enjoyed the country with relaxing music and soothing news was self-sufficient, as the sight of its brown legs crossed it in an old song of a long forgotten black performer, listened to his father in the House in closed shutters, eingeklinkt like in the Dienstkonsole geistesabwesend.
Your feet are too great.
Due to their own aggressiveness songs of this kind were not played more on the console.
It is not prohibited banned - nothing was so right was not easy.
It was successfully obsolesziert, such as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste, which managed the money never decrees and rules, and how the people in books the from-Tellerwäscher-to-millionaires-memoirs, Liebesromane Kochbücher and choose the music they so chose the Balladen.
In the euphoria of the day began Kevern big feet to an imaginary piano to play and in a gross-Komische Serenade Ailinns besingen.
Ailinn do not understand this.
This was a well-known song of Jazzpianisten called Fats Waller, 'he said it and automatically presented two fingers on his lips.
That his father had always done, in order to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It was when he was still small started as a game between him and his father.
His father had played it with his own father, he says.
If you have a word with a J anfängst to put on your lips two fingers, it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very lustiges game at the time, and it was also not very fun.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what Jazz.
Ailinn had never heard what.
Jazz, even if it was not played directly.
This was no longer of improvisation.
It was only room for a single'if' in life.
The people wanted to start a verse where they end would be quite safe.
As well as the mind.
Its unpredictability, people nervous.
And Jazz was musical ausgedrückter intelligence.
When he was ten years old, was to have heard of Sammy Davis Junior without Kevern knew something about Jazz of the half-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least that he had not Ailinn Fats Waller was black and white.
At their age, they probably could not remember a time, in the Popsänger were not black.
That was again no laws or constraints.
A compliant society meant that every element of this society grateful the principle of Gruppenbegabung agreed - grateful, as the fate spared.
People with Afro-Caribbean origin were suited by temperament and body for entertainment and sports, so sang and ran them.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent were blessed with electronic talent as by nature and were served with the task to ensure that no family remained without functioning telephone service.
What is left of the Polish community, did the drains; what was left of the Greeks, fact plate.
On 711.824, 126.041, those on 115.657 from 11.910 106.382, the Gulf States and 92.228 the Levant, their grandparents 20.191 71.777 on the country had not quickly rely on 572.797 than about what had happened, 518.151, 451.681, 56.161 if ES happen has happened - 362.409, 81.165 from fear, to be charged on 21.629 for Feuerschürens on 38.643, 45.414, 254.861 from fear, then that the flames eat on 34.084 next 49.706 as they were - 88.385, 62.585, had opened the 31.791, Labneh and Shisha-pipes-restaurants on 50.115, 23.763, remained in mind and have been on 65.170 30.717 51.243, with the lack of low.
Each according to his ability.
Because they had heard only ballads, it fell Ailinn difficult to understand how the offensive words, the Kevern's very front yard had ever could be set to music.
Music was an expression of love.
"They are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too big.
My father has never insult someone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him a false sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of huge cabbage leaves.
Ailinn still do not understand.
Why would your father should love something?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, but hesitated to put two fingers to their lips again in their presence.
They already thought that he was a little strange.
``it appeared to him, ''he said.
She shook her head in disbelief and kept Keverns perspective.
There was nothing to see in the world, as her ungekämmtes pitch black hair.
There was nothing that otherwise he would want to see.
"If you say it," they mean no conviction.
But it never explains why you have me vorsingst.
They seemed to be honest.
My feet are too big?
He saw yet again.
Your feet do so directly.
Perhaps your ankle, a little bit...
And you say that you hates me because my ankle to fat?
You hate?
Of course I hate you.
This is only the stupid song.
He could have said "I love you," but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are precisely the reason why you find me gefällst," he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That sounded not right.
It was meant to be funny.
When he tried to be funny as his father did not reassuring Charm, because he needed to control the jokes inherent cruelty, he is often expressed in difficulties.
Perhaps his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be the, Kevern.
In spite of its kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomon's was red and arose from their deck chair, raised the console and buried the wine they had drunk.
Holunderblütenwein drunkenness, was no excuse for him.
In their excitement, they seemed to tremble, like palm fronds in the storm.
``your Dickkopf is precisely the reason why I took perverse to you myself, ''said they...
Except that I am not at all.
They did it, both because of the unnecessary Unfreundlichkeit his words, as well as the fear, in their eyes, as they showed him auflehnte.
They thought that he would beat them?
She had not told him of his life on the cold northern archipelago, where they grew up, but he had no doubt that it was essentially such as here.
The same huge and icy ocean broke up here and there on the shore.
On 265.142 509.686 on the same bewildered men, 219.699, 127.370 with 118.763, 37.738 still dickerer skin and 78.782, verdrießlicher on 67.131 after the 56.161, DEM what happened was 13.006 as it 57.759 their ancestors on 25.546 as 18.732, smugglers and wreckers on 67.601 was gone on 60.620 of pub on 30.661 to pub, 155.872 13.522 always willing to impose on the hand on 50.462 30.235 against a woman on 68.347, 58.840, 41.528 on I refused or verlachte.
Dickkopf?
It would have shown a big fist, if not farewells.
They only Knut Chen - Knut Chen was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the vacuous love ballads from the console - they only beat Knut Chen and then.
Keverns believe it was an unnecessary refinement that Knut Chen was an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomon's gave him a sign to go through her body.
He arose from the deck chair as an old man.
They also felt bleiern, but the impact of his grief surprised them.
That was not the end of the world.
They knew very few.
They saw him as he removed himself - as he watched from a room on the top floor of their companion - a man, complained had provoked by something he himself.
Adam leaves the garden, they thought.
They felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against it.
A man turned on her, succumbed to his back, ashamed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why it was a sight that seemed to know them well, if they could not remember a single time, where they had seen something like this before the day before?
As it was alone to get back on their feet Ailinn Solomons.
On 827.014, 54.330, a few years before the 22.808 just told events on 489.528, 478.058, worked on 181.997, 29.030, ESME Nussbaum, 108.848 a 44.772, 31.324, intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on 41.472 on behalf of 18.590 Ofnow, 34.468 40.471 on the non-legislative supervisory body for the public mood, 49.965 a short presentation on 84.154 about the continued violence in 41.089 14.215, low and middle-level on 51.645 22.618, precisely in the areas of the country, to whose 26.962 reduction, if not in the 118.953 145.814 the 38.341, money and energy, which has been put on 70.426 38.264 in eradicating the 23.104 this violence 59.314 54.195, was to have been 12.903 to expect the 42.997, removal, 14.665, most on 60.232, 67.893, 223.015.
On 774.805 '112.245 754.139, it was on 88.915, a great deal has been done, and done on 34.454 still has much 50.616, 640.518 95.621, ``wrote it, the 489.456 40.546, a thousand wars on 415.809, 69.940, 54.044 and 18.380 won the majority of these 24.552, particularly in the peripheral and 46.625, corners and valleys on 21.702 245.137 of the country, to which the sweet 76.125 breath with human kindness on 129.050, 79.305 despite the hochaufragenden church spires on 38.755 between the hedgerows historically on 110.626, rarely felt, was held on 431.957, 4.537 to appease the 66.035 the hereditary aggression on 29.995 of people on 567.056 593.029'.
But some properties are ineradicable.
The higher the tower, it seems, the less the passion he still inspires.
The population of cries sentimentaler berauscht Balladen, listening to stories about überwundene difficulties and claims to believe in the virtues of marriage and family life, but it is not only the former rudeness rural communities as well as our urban fabric in the hand, but there is also evidence of the emergence of a new and cowardly Streitsucht at home, at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"They have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," her mentor when he had read the entire report said.
I suggest that you read less Romane.
ESME Nussbaum by its head.
I must also ask: Are you an atheist?
I believe this must not say, 'I replied ESME Nussbaum.
Are you lesbian?
Once stood ESME on their right to privacy and refusal of the statement.
A feminist?
Once silence.
``I ask not, ''said Luther Rabinowitz, finally, 'because I am against Atheismus, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a vorurteilsfreier workplace.
We serve an unprejudiced society.
But certain types of hyper-sensitivity, which in themselves are absolutely unacceptable and commendable, occasionally can distort results, as you have presented to them.
They have obviously prejudices against the church, and these things that you describe as "disingenuous" and "raw" could be interpreted as well as an expression of strength and vitality of course by others.
If you happen to the herumreitet IS what happened when ES happened IS, as if it had happened yesterday, means to take its essential vitality to the country.
ESME Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head repeated the advice of an LED lettering in Flamingo Rosa Ofnow gave the country in the last quarter-century or more.
Smile on their neighbours, you value your partner, you will hear ballads, please visit musicals, use your phone, you, you, you hear, you agree to excuse yourself.
Talk is better than silence gesungene word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I can absolutely understand what you want," ESME Nussbaum said in a quiet voice, as she was sure that her boss had spoken to an end, "and I say anything other than that we are still not healed as effectively as we fool ourselves.
My concern is that without notice of us, we may find, as we repeat the mistakes that led to disclose what will happen if IT IS done in the first place.
This time, but not the other, in which we miss our anger and mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formte in the hands of a pyramid.
To indicate a patience.
"They go too far," he said, "if you describe the actions as a" mistake "that our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They go too far, when you say that their ``rage ''and`` suspicions'' to ``other ''have been omitted.
It should be to remind anyone in your position, that the understanding of the past, such as the protection of the present, not by'us' and'other' are not necessary.
There was no ``and there was no'other'.
It was a time of disorder, which is what we know.
``From, if we are honest with ourselves, ''dared not part of society can claim to have acted well, ESME post.
I would accuse anybody.
Whether it was bad or good, what is done is done.
It was at that time.
There is nothing more to be said - because we are in agreement.
And assigned as it must be, if such a settlement would be appropriate and if there is a way to eradicate them, no fault must be repaid.
But what is the past, if we do not learn from it -
The past is designed to ensure that we forget it.
If I may say something -
Luther Rabinowitz, his pyramid coincide.
"I will remember her report," he said and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, it has been overtaken by a motorcyclist, who described as passers-by, was driven into a kind of "brutal rage" on the footpath.
Coincidences.
Lesotho-military member says that no coup is planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Officials of the military in Lesotho struggled to have planned a coup to overthrow the government and said that they decry against police, which is accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane eventually fled from the country and told us that the armed forces of the country and its Amtswohnsitz surrounded in the capital of Maseru government buildings.
The Premier brought his family in the neighboring South Africa, after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was no coup de facto, but that the military on the threat from "political fanatics" respond, arming them by the police.
What happened this morning was that the staff of the defence forces of Lesotho, after he had received several Geheimdienstberichte that within the police, in fact, some of the political party political young fanatics arm, some elements that were on the verge of devastating harm, 'he said about Voice of America.
The South African Government spokesperson Clayson Monyela said that the military action have the impression of a country.
Even if no one claims to have hijacked by the government, are all reports agree that the activities of the defence forces of Lesotho has been showing signs of a coup, ``he said.
The military spokesman of Lesotho announced on Sunday that soldiers should return to their barracks and the situation was calm in the capital.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoya Metsing governance while Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believes that he had become a target because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
In Lesotho, there was great tension since June after Thabane suspended parliament sessions because of the conflict in his unity government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, otherwise despite accusations.
Production in the euro zone at a 13-month low
The increase in production in the euro zone slowed in August at the lowest point in the last 13 months, with a closely watched study.
The final Markit Einkaufsmanagerindex of manufacturing industry (PMI) took place in August in 50,7 in a state of 51,8 in July.
A claim on 50 is an expansion.
New orders, and factories have attacked at a time of rising tension between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures arrive before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets are expecting a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the euro area, as well as the threat of deflation from the bank with an inflation rate of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that, in the course of this week, the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could provide further information, whether he is considering a quantitative easing for the eurozone, in line with those of the United Kingdom and the United States were made during the financial crisis.
'although a little growth is better than no growth, are the deterrent effect of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties become for manufacturers, ``said Rob Dobson, chief economist of Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, Russia's largest trading partner in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime, fell in France, the bloc's second-largest economy, the PMI to 46,9.
France remains a problem child, as well as the decline of Italy of a robust expansion to stagnation.
Indications that incentives in Schlüsselindustriemechanismus Germany as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, not more, are also not reassuring, ``said Mr Dobson.
The decline in the industry is probably the fire of the analysts, the other monetary or fiscal incentives.
Some positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI to 57.3 rose to the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard, when Archer Chefwirtschaftsexperte IHS Global Insight, said: 'the best of what you say in August in the euro area for the Einkaufsmanagerindex of the manufacturing industry is that after that the sector is continuing to grow.
He added: "Producers in the eurozone will find life is obviously very difficult, because the current heightened geopolitical tensions, particularly in relation to Russia and the Ukraine, continue to increase uncertainty in the difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainty in particular, and the confidence of the consumers, the economy is very clear, and I suspect that some contracts are delayed or cancelled, particularly large.
He said that'more and more likely that the ECB will launch a kind of QE, finally, ``although we assume that this will be limited'.
The Höllenjahrzehnt the survivors of Beslan: ten years as the verstrickten children are still suffering, since the dreadful siege of the school.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants in a school in Beslan in southern Russia.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, have been in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan, in order to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of bestiality in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific school siege in Beslan in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night before a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
As a fanatical Islamic terrorists children and parents on 1 September 2004, the beginning of a new this academic year, were caught and killed, this seemed like the repudiate the evil.
The tragedy brought together West and East in disgust, and then turned surprisingly in action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan, in order to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of bestiality in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, although the memory of this terrorist hell will pursue it forever.
Their best hope?
The war of Ukraine now exists - and in which children are dying - as they are now coming to an end.
The girl, which was photographed in the attempt, in the age of school sports hall singer
She was photographed by the Russian Star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous, when she was only in her underwear, was in the age of school sports hall singer, after a mine exploded.
Completely confused Aida sought after her mother Larissa, 40 years old.
Both were thought to be dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not," Aida said at the time.
My legs were blood flow.
I stood up and kletterte again to look after my mother.
It was a soldier in safety.
After a series of operations, it is completely healed, but said yesterday: ``Before three months returned the pain.
I am afraid that I must again be operated on.
Some Granatsplitter are still in my knees.
Their goal is now to be a dentist, in order to help the people, as she was helped by doctors.
This tragedy has changed my life, but it has not been, ``says they pugnacious.
"This has happened to me, and that cannot be changed.
Once a year I always stayed in the gym to remind me of it there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it, on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together, as we were small and dreamt of them to go to school.
"I do not want to marry until I finish my studies and my career start.
In a family I think later.
It says that the siege remain a part of it, even though the memory of each year is rather weak.
I am glad that many people in the world, to our horror and we are grateful for the support of people in Britain and anywhere.
When I see the photo online of me, as I understand our disaster in the school zurückklettere I think that many people see it for the first time, and to ensure that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled by bullets, in the view that his mother is dead
It was his first day (Russians go with seven years in the school) and Tamara survived the three-day siege in his mother's arms.
As seven years, he said, "mom told me that I should get me if there was an explosion, and hold her hand."
After an explosion he thought that they would die.
She said to him: ``flow ''.
Full of fear, they could be dead, he was on the road and a little bit of sadness baby, took it in the hand and, through a bullets.
His father, Vladimir, into the arms of his son out there, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In fact, Tamara outside stumbled with leg injuries in the hospital, for their part in the assumption that her son died.
After reunification she said: 'I wept with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (of the now dissolved newspaper News of the World), in order to receive the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion by then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror is following you every day, but I wish I could stop with the memory," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it pale in my memory.
I know that I immediately all my Spielzeugpistolen wegwarf.
But now I can play games with Schussszenen and this is not a problem for me.
``I am not afraid to go back into the Sporthalle, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the yard, and have not made it to the outside world.
We never say that they have been killed or are dead.
We say that they are stuck in the gym.
I remember my trip to London, particularly in the toy shop, where I was able to choose everything very well what I wanted, and the ride in an open top car.
But now he has suffered a fear of the ground, such as Ukraine, where wars are the kind of accident that he and his friends.
This horror followed you every day, but I wish I could stop.
``am so sorry for all those who are suffering under the answer, ''said Damir, last week as a volunteer in a monastery.
I want to help so much.
I will one day go to the police and hope that they will take me to the training academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: ``37 children have been killed in our neighbourhood, can you imagine?
I remember the appalling silence the siege, there was simply no children, the call and walk, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly on their trip to London with Damir.
The people of London cried when I told our story.
I understood at the time, as people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and show their support.
It was Cherie and its Foundation grateful for the price and the opportunity to travel to London in the autumn of 2004.
I wish I could call their own Cherie and simply say that, 10 years have passed, but I remember the meetings I have her and her husband in London are still, and as the Damir and helped me.
I still remember how Damir Borschtsch to eat and all local Russian restaurants experience.
I remember, as he played in a restaurant with Kellnern. Damir fired with its Wasserpistole to them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British people are so willing to our pain and are supported.
She said: 'I believe that the world has become more in these ten years.
In Ukraine, the war now again, and people die every day, and I believe that many children were killed and still be killed.
These are precisely such children as ours.
I think that, for many of the war, a piece of news is that they hear bored or if it deals with something else.
I know just what these people feel the horror.
Do not stop this and I can feel.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and that is so sad.
Damir was large and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or angry at all.
For example, it is not for revenge, he is the last answer overwhelmed.
I know that he does not like to remember, but he has six close friends in the class and sometimes they go into the Sporthalle, candles and light.
When he was smaller, he including - I remember how he sometimes on the SOFA, the face of us away, for hours.
Not schlafend, his eyes were open.
I still remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys away. - is now 17, bigger than I, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that, for a few hours, I was so sure that he was dead and I would never see him again.
As I am a following the explosion and the legs came, I saw, and saw the hell around me, with all herumliegenden body parts.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy in this hell impossible have survived.
``I remember that I shouted at him'Damir, lauf, lauf away '', but I was sure that he had not heard me.
But it has one and it is weggelaufen.
And so it goes on life, unlike many others, for us.
Let Ilyin, 17
The boy, the terrible image after the siege of the symbol of the outrage of Beslan was
Comfort: The 2004 Beslan-survivor Georgy Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege, on a picture of born today
Be blutüberströmtes face was marked by fear, as he Chechen terrorists his Klassenkameraden niederschossen, running his life.
His picture was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had it before they came to get rid of the University of their older son Vladimir, sold on his first day.
``I left the farm about two minutes, the terrorists stormed before him, and so was my little boy for three terrible days alone, 'it remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives from us, but all of them have been killed.
I let only managed to survive.
As the date, the more difficult it is to think and talk about it.
There is no single day on which we remind ourselves of this tragedy.
We do not think that it is a long time ago, I think it would be a few scenes from these days I have always done yesterday.
No one will ever forget that, I assure you.
Urgent: The image of born (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as statue (right).
I wanted to remember that born on this day are so happy to go to school, he said that he wants to embrace his teacher.
I knew that it was, as I saw it on television.
And now there are even this statue of weinenden let in San Marino.
Born does not like the image, and it is hidden at home on the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that people around the world feel our pain, thanks to this image.
Born today says: "It is important that something like this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People investigate such tragedies again and again and never learned the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
We will know what caused it?
The horror of this world.
I cannot understand how it is possible, because if you ask the people, nobody wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget a little.
It has attacked my health and I am still.
About three or four years I had a couple of nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
I was later in the year 2004 and was back to school every day.
I thought of my friends and Klassenkameraden who have been killed.
On 114.445 therefore I am always 26.802 in the Sporthalle, has if now on 1 September is approaching.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends of mine.
It is difficult for me to go to the gym, but I must do it.
I am not as victims, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget bemitleide, but I am not.
My life goes on.
I have concluded the school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I shall be Herzchirurg.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health has not.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Let Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, although he caught at the feet of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was caught during the siege at the foot of a murderous terrorists, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the gym and sat beside the bomb, which was attached at the foot of a murderous terrorists.
It is actually a miracle that he was not killed.
``we feel as if it was yesterday, saying, 'let's go to the FSB as Geheimdienstoffizier wanted, but because of his health damage due to the siege could do it.
It is still with me, there is nothing that I have left behind me.
I am now older and people say that children can easily cope with terrible experience - I must say that this is not true.
``in 2006, I worked with psychologists and felt that something better, but I can not forget.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005, a year later, was the first and only time I went back in the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never return, and please do not ask me where I sat in this famous picture to show you.
Survivor: let Fanijew today, with a photograph of the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is extraordinary and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I do not like to think and talk and they asked me never to the school.
Physically, it is good to me.
I should be very careful with my injured knees, but I can now well under way.
But because of my health, I could not study at the FSB's intelligence academy in Saint Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have submitted my papers, including the medical and they have responded that it was not possible.
My second passion were the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals' of cats to cows'.
He said: "I knew that I would tell my children never in my experience.
Should children know nothing and it should not, of course, also suffer.
His mother Marina, 42, said, 'This pain never leaves me.
It is in my soul, worse, if the anniversary approaches.
I will go to the celebrations in his memory.
I know that born will not go.
It must be even more intense for him, because he was there and I do not.
I was at home at him and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me, and all of them are drawn in Beslan.
It remains in us.
Let is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is difficult to accept that, if a little so Unfaires experience.
He is a boy, he may sport, but it can not be due to its knees.
He was operated on several occasions, he can run, but no sport.
I would like to see it resolved the horror to 50%, but that cannot be overcome and never completely forgotten.
This terrible experience will follow.
Many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege and the only my pain.
I am I knew well and dear to me, many people have been lost.
My son is with me, and this is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries for the slain.
I know of families in which new children were born, but also of widows, never married again.
It is difficult to accept that life goes on, even if it does not want.
I would like my heart jumped in me when I saw him in hospital.
And now, I see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country and I cannot believe almost.
We were once a friendly country, how can it be that we are now fighting?
People and children suffer, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine, and many more are being killed.
If we take all these rebels, but, as far as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby was taken from a special operations command in security that so simple
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is brought to safety by a Russian special operations command (left).
It is now ten (right) and remembers nothing of the atrocities
The world was the breath in 2004, when the baby Aljona of Beslan from the siege in the arms of the Russian police.
The terrorists thought they could go, but in its cruelty of their 30-year-old mother, Kristina's 10-year-old sister and her brother Makhar back into the school sports hall.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous slaughter.
Her father Ruslan has since married again and, with his new wife Svetlana a little girl that he has called for his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now 10 years old, does not remember the siege and has grown to become a smart and happy girl, neighbors say.
You are now a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great children, ``says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories that draw up with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of girls have to drive over to pedestrians crossing in Fife
A 78-year-old man is due to the Überfahrens of a three-year-old girl in a Fußgängerüberweg in Fife in court.
Gordon steward is accused of having hit a girl at the Pittenween transition in East Neuk.
The prosecution claims that Mr steward had violated his Audi Q3 controlled without the necessary care and attention and the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, deny the accusation against the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC continued the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you like to make photographs or videos under water, there is a choice of equipment.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action-cam, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver edition, both of which are to be had for about $300.
I have these photos at a family party with several cameras, all of which are available at a price of under $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other subjects are densely closed.
Set your camera on the photos or videos that you want to capture.
Some cameras and camcorders feature scenes and recording sessions with which the exposure time is optimized for the dämmrigen underwater conditions.
And before you jump, you will see to what extent your equipment is operational.
Some cameras are only allowed for up to 5 feet, others by 50 or 60 feet.
Are you looking for in our Einkaufsführer and assessments for digital cameras for traditional and waterproof models.
Take multiple shots, because many will not be achieved.
Point-and-shoot cameras usually do not have a flat, with which you can compose images, action-cams.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see this under water, and the right attitude is a matter of chance.
So make many recordings.
If your camera has a terraced mode, in which a number of shots are made with slightly different exposure settings, use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light will be dramatically worse, the further you remove themselves from the surface.
If possible you should stay so close to the surface, if you recordings in a pool, a lake or sea.
You can also bring more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less you will see color.
Go close to the objects.
This is also a good Council under water, but it is all the more important because of the bad there.
It is particularly important, if you are working with a Action-Cam: this equipment often have a fixed Weitwinkellinse, which means that you are close to your objects, if they have to fill in the whole Bildrahmen.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the species, whose character things changed, even in a gigantic organisation such as the NHS.
As an advisory anesthetist devoted his career of the task to save the health of both the agony of the disease and the ordeal of treatment.
Among his patients, his wife, was a MI6-staff, with the devastating effects of torture live.
Lawson knew that the doctors, the diagnosis and diseases are important, while the treated mainly deals with something quite different: pain.
One day in 2007, he was the one, however, the ordeal began.
``I have not felt, ''he wrote in May of this year.
I had to raise difficulties.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he said that he had made his wife Juliet impatient accusations.
''I want everything at once, rather than later, he quoted.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, Lawson felt a very unusual way and concerned without reason.
Anything was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out an X-ray examination of his chest.
Only two weeks ago, he had been for skiing in the French Alps.
The result of the radiological examination before.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer, the Brustfell, i.e. the lungs überziehende skin.
As with most cancers is often difficult to determine the exact cause.
For example, some smokers with lung disease, have been all Lungenkrebserkrankten sooner smokers.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is an asbestos contamination - contact with the fiber material, once regarded as the "miracle material" but has now been recognized as fatal.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease which can be as easy to ignore.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous to use was no longer used in Britain since the 1960s, when the industry voluntarily committed to use them any more.
Also, where he was working only people in certain sectors directly with the substance, builders, plumbers and carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial Gefahrstoff from another time, it seems to be only very worrying.
But this complacency is misplaced.
The United Kingdom, it seems, is experiencing today is the culmination of a Mesoltheliom-epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from the disease than in road accidents.
Annual figures of Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and likely future deaths in the United Kingdom
The reason why we are seeing the deadly impact now, although asbestos is illegal for years (1999) were banned all types of asbestos, is that a mesothelioma developed only after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is limited to a former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is, often, still present in the houses, in which we live, the offices in which we work, schools, in which we learn and the shops where we shop.
And therefore knows no class barriers mesothelioma, financial limits, jobs or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are no protection.
The buildings are asbestverseucht.
Also in the hospitals, in which we are healthy, have been identified as Ausgangsherde this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also a plumber.
It was difficult for him, in fact, to imagine that he may have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out it.
``it looks as if the tunnels in the Guy's Hospital, where I spent six years my training was that there was a lot of asbestos. ''he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and guard - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my counterparts are suffering from the same illness?
This question he could answer, at least in part.
``from the four doctors trained's Hospital on Guy, and in the last five years to mesothelioma sick '2010 in a letter he wrote,' I am the last, is still alive ''.
How many of us are still fall ill?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the age of 48 years ago.
When he died on 17 February of this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within eight months after the diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
We can therefore only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us are still fall ill?"
Britain's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050, when the epidemic of asbestos in Britain is expected to come to a standstill, a total of 90,000 will be a victim of the disease.
At the moment, most of them have no idea that they will die.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, in which people often turn for damages, shows how far the scourge of Mesothelioms is already widespread.
In June of this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, have to be exposed to asbestos, Janice Allen negligent way.
They worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible for the clothing department in two locations - one of the flagship store in Oxford Street.
Mrs Allan was only 18 years as when they operate in M & S began.
She now has two children in their twenties.
``in this matter, ''says, 'I had never heard of mesothelioma, I did not really about asbestos.
I never thought that I would affect the time.
There are only a few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the concept of asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word ``Asbestiform ', a description of the substance Faserstruktur resilient and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, today it is by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It has been used for roof panels, floor plates, pipe insulations, boiler insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but it is still seen as a "major health risk" with the possibility of death by the EU and the WHO.
Dangerous, however, is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of braunem asbestos, and experts assume that'it is clear, however, there are indirect evidence that this is one of the main reasons for the unique high Mesotheliomraten was'.
A staff of Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the Oxford Street, London in Flagshipstore Alamy
Janice everyone has seen as typical Mesotheliomopfer maybe not, but the work of Julian Peto indicates that their history is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those affected will be shown that "a substantial proportion of Mesotheliome without known suspension through work or at home was probably caused by asbestos contact in the environment."
In his statement, a large proportion of these contacts is based on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It looks as if no one expected to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which has investigated the Palace of Westminster, shows how people could also be in the heart of the government, have been unwittingly exposed to the substance.
2009 reported that the Goddard Serviceschächte and pipelines contaminated with asbestos behind the Ausschussräumen of Parliament, whose deadly fibres are caused by something as harmless, such as ``strong Luftbewegungen.
Members of Parliament to look after their own interests, often accused, but here it seems, as would have been the opposite.
While the Directorate of the Parliamentary Labour Service insisted that the Westminster Palace have received a "clean" health certificate, it is now clear that £1 billion amount must be paid over several years to renovate Parliament to modernize the electrical installations and remove the asbestos, and that the Members of Parliament after the general election in 2015 will probably make more in nearby QEII Conference Centre in Westminster than on the green benches.
The Goddard report has also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All we can do now is wait.
A person who never define precisely the contact with asbestos was is Graham Abbott, a general practitioners.
As Andrew Lawson suspected of the 50-year-old Abbott that he exposed to asbestos in hospitals during his work.
``I have been working in a hospital, in the Asbestklagen ', says,' but I can in my case do not show it.
It is difficult, in which they have worked, to remind you of all places, and the data.
What he is still clearly remembered the day at the beginning of December 2009, where he got a fever.
He was 45, and had an operation in late in the evening.
Suddenly I had Schüttelfrost.
It was very suddenly.
I felt terrible.
I did not believe more to create the journey home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain of Brustfell, the skin around his lungs resulted.
But as Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma.
He went to work a month.
Doctors have Verwunderte Röntgenaufnahmen his chest and put Pleurakathether to flow from the lungs and test laboratory.
His complaints, but without diagnosis.
His health slowly stabilized, and he returned to his job back.
From time to time the symptoms returned back, however, often after physical activity and heavy breathing.
In 2011, a patient Abbott's with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, Abbott combined this with his own case.
Finally, his patient was a few decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The link in the case was clear.
In September 2011 Abbott's condition deteriorated again and his doctor brought his CT scans and X-ray images to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt ill for the first time, one with a camera-equipped probe was introduced into the cavity between the Rippen- and the chest fur.
I am an optimist.
More generally, I am simply, ``he says.
To be honest, I had not so much concern to me.
But my wife, Rachel, was worried.
The result of the Biopsie was in the week between Christmas and New Year: 'I said to me that it was ``mesothelioma.
Graham Abbott diagnosis mesothelioma.
Suddenly, Abbott dates with Macmillan-nurses, one of which he recommended to take a lawyer.
Only now realised the extent of the epidemic.
It turned out that asbestos was very widespread, especially in large public buildings where pipes often isolated with asbestos, ``he says.
The people who are exposed to asbestos in these buildings were affected.
And so is now mesothelioma younger people, who worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with Asbestisolierungen in hospitals were under the earth, so patients are exposed to the substance is probably not.
But many employees who changed in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another (like Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens ate Graham Abbott (as it often did), most likely came in contact with the toxic substances.
It shows that on several decades after the war hospitals for patients may save lives, but life-threatening for the sending of doctors.
It is still a long way off.
Students presented their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos has been used in offices, shops, libraries and Stadthallen often because of its wonderful-isolating and flammhemmenden properties.
Even schools.
Indeed, many people have probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Across the country, in thousands of chemical hours, students have parked their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
Websites are now often raised the issue of asbestos in schools.
And meanwhile, items in our homes as innocent as floor plates or shingle roofs by default contain asbestos.
``it is a Industriegift that included in large parts of our property is' Andrew Morgan, the lawyer, Andrew Lawson represented's Hospital against Guy in the process.
In any case, was the only contact one of the woman, the demolition of Gartenschuppens invaded in the 1970s.
So, as you remove your Gartenschuppen.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the cure is immense.
"It takes a while to process it," Mr Abbott said.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I discovered that I am not able to focus on what I did.
Two weeks ago I was in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and look after myself.
Well, I shall have no further Christmas.
With the greatest difficulty was the change in perspective from the position of a doctor to the patients.
As countless patients before he reminds himself, as he overwhelmed by all the information was that he had to come around.
"It was very difficult to absorb all of this," he says.
``I asked my doctor'as long as I have?'
And it gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, 'well, I shall have no further Christmas.
The summits'.
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious, because our Lebenserhaltungsmechanismus - the breathing itself - is that the fatal cancer.
Most cases are caused by Asbestkontakt mesothelioma.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
If the asbestos is being raised and the fibers are inhaled, they can establish themselves in the chest fur, the skin around the lungs,.
Irritate the Brustfell asbestos fibres and can trigger Zellmutationen.
The problem is with the nadelförmigen actually inhaled asbestos fibres, as Professor Tom Treasure, a heart-Thorax-doctor, 2001 the Guy's Hospital changed.
The hospital, which Andrew Lawson suspects that it has exposed to asbestos, is now ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and dealt with a number of other exposed to asbestos in the hospital which also probably during their training.
As soon as the Asbestnadeln the Lungengewebe Treasure, says, 'they are pushed to the margins of the Atemvorgang, where the skin.
Naturally it is invasive from the outset.
The usual options work for other cancers in mesothelioma not so good.
The effectiveness of the operation, for example, is highly controversial.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"The breast skin cannot be cut out," he says.
They come with the knife not beat about the bush.
Meanwhile, the cancer "on chemotherapy is not very good," the "effect," but not healed.
Sometimes there are Langzeitüberlebende ``, ''says Treasure.
But in the end they die.
Fortunately, there are some really long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould, 20 years after the diagnosis.
Mr Abbott still fighting two and a half years after his diagnosis.
After he had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came in contact with Andrew Lawson, four years after his diagnosis had become a one-man-of support and consultancy for Mitbetroffene.
``hello, Krebszentrale ', he happily on telephone calls.
"He was very positive," Abbott says.
He had received his diagnosis four years earlier and was still very active.
Originally Abbott, the last four months and extend only a month of life would be likely to have been offered six Chemotherapiezyklen.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson managed ``. to appear in a slightly more positive light the things.
Following the advice of several doctors Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, cardio-thoracic specialist at Guy's.
``we had a benefit I telephoned and got a date, that I would be referred to'are Graham.
A normal patient would transfer must be and must wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma sufferers, to be able to play the best available therapies.
But if these treatments, inevitably fail, many patients are from a different financial concern about the future of the families they left behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson kontaktierte Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It is known that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health since 1898," Morgan says.
But what the 1960ern modified is that we realised that a very low cost a health risk.
And here the negligence of the company began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, in their case, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation" that Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to an asbestos contact at Guy's.
According to the study of his death, a spokesman for the Guy's, however, that'the asbestos fibres in the 1990s in the affected Kellerbereich. ``
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
In fact, it is a huge problem for mesothelioma sufferers who care about compensation, to trace the deadly asbestos contact a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers are sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who defend itself against claims to know that it is time for them, but certainly not with the prosecutor.
In response to this in this year there were significant new legislation for mesothelioma-affected easier, even if they are no longer find former employer, to demand compensation.
The law has established a fund of £350 million for all funded by the insurance industry, which were diagnosed after July 2012, can prove a contact, but cannot sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process could have granted them - about £120,000.
About 300 successful applications for the program are expected per year.
Mr Morgan is like so many mesothelioma-350 million people, for a very good piece of work'of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," he says, and suggests that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if the time had not gone away and mesothelioma sufferers find the company and they could sue normally.
Mike Penning, then work and pensions minister, admitted that the law is "not perfect."
But both Penning as Morgan admitted that, in the face of seven deaths every day a swift action is necessary.
``the people are suffering so much and are now in need of aid, ''said Penning during the second hearing of the mesothelioma-law in December of last year.
At that time was Graham Abbott since 19 months in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski.
After their first debate, Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation that he expected a positive effect in contrast to Tom treasure.
This has been accompanied by a radiation therapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate of up to 40 percent over five years.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is, of course, with the most important thing," Abbott says.
This can be seen in patients again and again.
There is something you can continue.
If you place you are worse very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent the surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he was behind the last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Follow-up scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There have been several cancer spots in my chest.
I was just 50.
This is not life-threatening.
This is lebensbeendend.
Again subsequently went six Chemotherapiezyklen Abbott.
No trace of the tumours is now more visible.
But the process is physically and psychologically very demanding.
They need that money - think of practical things, for example, or my wife, show how the Boilerzeiteinstellung works if I am.
If you get bad news, you will be negative.
They have to look to the future.
As the father of Ellie, 14, 16, and Tamsin, this is not always easy.
"It is difficult for parents," he says.
It is hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls, a disease that I have, I will not grow old.
They reacted quite differently.
Tamsin is very gesellig and ungestüm.
They told their friends and we got very soon many telephone calls.
Ellie was restrained.
You have not said a great deal.
Such talks are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are redolent of hope, not a trace of hope of survival.
The disease is (as, ultimately, also for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Mr Morgan says, 'mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body einbalsamierter Pharaonen in Asbestkleidung gewickelt
Asbestos fibres used for the strengthening of Kochtöpfen and for greater heat-resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
It was not, fire, developed a tissue.
I see napkins from stew in banquets in the fireplaces.
The use of the modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to produce paper (also notes) and substance.
Important Asbestminen in Canada and South Africa and shortly afterwards in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tonnes a year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify a premature deaths among those who are working with asbestos. these are subsequently not life assurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr William Cooke says that asbestos particles in the lungs' without any reasonable doubt that the main cause of death '.
This is the first case of this kind.
Kershaws employers, Turner Bros Asbestos assume no liability.
No compensation will be paid.
During the Second World War, intensive ships built, one of the most deadly performances will contact with asbestos.
A voluntary withdrawal from the sector on the import of blauem asbestos
An appeal court confirms the first successful people compensation claim in Britain due to contact with asbestos.
The global Asbestproduktion is rising to more than 4.213.000 tonnes per year.
Britain imports 139,403 metric tons.
A health and Sicherheitsexekutive in Britain, all companies which work with asbestos, Lizenzerwerb.
The import and use of blauem and braunem asbestos to be banned in the United Kingdom.
Any use of asbestos is banned in the United Kingdom.
The mesothelioma law is adopted in Britain.
A compensation scheme of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is white asbestos is used as a cheap construction material in many countries of the world, however, continue to be banned in more than 50 countries.
The global production is around 2 million tonnes per year.
China denies Hong Kong law on government election, protesters swear vengeance
On Sunday, the Chinese parliament against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections despite the increased calls for democratic reform in Hong Kong's electorate.
This approach is probably the long feeds the protests in Hong Kong Geschäftsbezirk, began in the space of a few hours after the announcement during activists planning and mobilisation.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the communist leaders in principle to reject all the candidates are not loyal to Beijing.
This is no surprise, but it makes us angry, ``said Rechtsexpertin Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party.
That is not what was promised to Beijing.
They have lied to the residents of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In its defence of the Chinese decision said Li R & D & I, Vizegeneralsekretär of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, the licensing of public nominations' chaotic'for the Hong Kong Government in the elections.
Since 1997, when Britain returned control of the Chinese Hong Kong, Beijing has promised to let the people choose the government leaders from 2017.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision on Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because there is a direct suffrage to the citizens of Hong Kong, but the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leadership keeps the process by a nomination committee closely controlled by Beijing firmly in hand.
After a new clause should also be allowed only'candidates with love for the country and love to Hong Kong'.
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and most effective public protests took place in Hong Kong for several years.
The movement is behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to insulate the financial district if Beijing does not allow a genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, within a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
For the demonstration of the organisers said that their movement reached a new level of civil disobedience, and they were in the coming weeks, wave of protest.
They gave no details, however, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online communication has told the organizers that the movement "the occupation of the central district considered only as a last resort, an action that is expected to take place only if all dialogue opportunities have been exhausted, and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to have to say that all Dialogchancen today and the occupation of Zentralbezirks will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have prepared on the announcement of Beijing for days, and it was on the Sunday before the government buildings more stringent security measures, including police forces and the barricades.
The unrest that they are losing control of their city, many in Hong Kong by the feeling.
The influx of people from the mainland reinforces the competition for products and services.
There is a growing fear that Hong Kong's values such as democracy and freedom of speech are beginning to crumble under the growing pressure of Beijing.
Some have criticised the demonstrations of Occupy-Central-movement, because they are the affiliated - the lifeline of Hong Kong - compromises.
"The protests, which they say, could cause major economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long they last," said legal expert regime Ip, who criticised the movement for a long time.
We do not want any fears that Hong Kong spirals out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's state-controlled media also reported recently on the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, an unofficial referendum organised activists to voting rights on which 780.000 people took part - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands attended one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of Schulabschlussbälle in the United States where Freshmen appearances with the Privatflugzeug offered will be transferred to the universities.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand, and to offer the first luxury Reisedienst Britain for students of today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive performance at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as private jets, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also announced that the service had a security division.
This service is an ideal choice for students, which otherwise kutschieren through the country in a dangerous overloaded car their Habseligkeiten.
Together with our new VIF-options, we are pleased that the students of the university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury, to see this year.
A company spokesman said that there is still no new bookings explained, because the service had just been introduced, added, however, that "students book the service in the next few weeks."
The company has also stated that, despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year, we expect a market for this offer.
Students today differ in their expectations and demands of the students, 10, 20, 30 or 40 years, it is more important than ever to make an excellent first impression, and with VIF can be exactly that.
The National Student Union criticized the service as aloof.
Megan Dunn, Vice-President of the NIS for higher education has said: ``this offer is the life of the majority of students quite separately.
Many students who begin this month with the study as the available financial assistance in the form of loans and grants before they remember not to keep pace with the much higher bills for the simplest livelihoods can see face a crisis of the cost of living, for something as simple as the arrival in Studentenwohnheim thousands of pounds.
Feminists criticize racial issue and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenagers at the beginning of this month, was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
The participants were their hands in the air, and not, as they were before the funeral, shoot, 'hands.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, due to the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown said the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez a change in online discussions of white feminists.
After their experience set white feminist commentators to raise before the race, when it comes to Reproduktionsrecht and salary inequality sex.
While the tensions in the Near West, rose and throughout the country attention received Perez, saw that the answers from white women to 100% of the race:.
Compared with the responses of black women came shortly after the shots from 9 August the personal essays with titles like "thoughts to Ferguson of a white woman" and "feminism is not only about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez meant that an important change.
I do not believe that the feminism, many people take place, which will be on the white and privileges in high-grade type, ``she said.
The people have to say something to the events.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves and ethnicized because the situation in Ferguson is that they need to express it.
For Englischprofessorin Koritha Mitchell of the Ohio State University, Ferguson problems to light those black Amerikanerinnen face every day, are regarded as' women'in the cultural area but not.
``I can publish something lustiges on Facebook on me and my partner and get 150 Likes from anywhere, ''said Mitchell.
If I post something on how black people are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk publicly about a relationship, but not about security in the public space?" She asked.
Studied in the history of the United States for black women as Mitchell, the race, gender and sexuality, there are no dichotomy between races and Geschlechterproblemen.
For you have black women had the luxury to separate clean the issues; they live every day in the combined reality.
While white women, the issues of race and gender in the feminist Mainstreamkreisen, says Angela Hattery, professor for women and'subdivision of the George Mason University that their predecessors did the opposite.
``from 1865 and in 1890, at least 10 000 black men were lynched and the explanatory statement was almost always the rape of a white woman, ''said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story, in order to justify the Lynch murder.
For Hattery came the divide between white and black women at the point at which white fighters for women's suffrage as Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late years of the 19th century and said that the fight for the right to vote only for one group could be successful: Women or blacks.
You took the decision to stand up for the right of women to vote and the right to vote for Black should come later, ``said Hattery.
If we look at such things, why is a coloured women white women dare not aware of power.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
After 1920 women the right to vote, it took a decade until white women against the lynchen in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching organised.
The group was founded nearly 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behaviour, racial discrimination - is a mirror of the time, in which white feminists "trapping" played with the problems facing black women is set apart for generations.
Would it, if the activists, such traditional feminist platforms have the right to education of a child as seriously as they do with the right to not great Empfängniskontrolle? ``asked Mitchell.
The second-generation feminists, who built her career on the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now trying to understand what that means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem was two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and pithy though published an article by Rebecca Carroll, Kolumnistin the Guardian newspaper in which they more protests from white Americans on the issue of racism.
"I hope that women who have a separate but parallel reason to understand the danger inherent in the body - and opinions on race, which are very different in public opinion polls - will lead the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem in a rather intersektionalen feminism is referred to as Geschlechterthemen as well - in the races, some surprises for Rassenthema in America of their comments.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole feminism?" Said to She The People that young men in the United States, especially young coloured men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems to Ferguson's comments are in contrast to its previous criticism.
There are hundreds of specific programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently, a small programme, My Brother's auflegte, thereby helping young black men and hispanischen vulnerable, there was irritating reactions of many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police to the black Community is not the only issue that is at the forefront of the Mainstreamfeminismus.
After the US border police has taken nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors in the country's southwest border this year, is also the subject of immigration reform to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that women mobilised for immigration reform, said that for a reconsideration of the issue as a fundamental issue of women, they only had to publish the stories of immigrant women.
These speak for themselves, ``said Mercado.
If the vast majority of work visas is going to male immigrants, the women who accompany them, are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories will find an echo in the women's organisations," she said.
``pigs-House ''in Ipswich is for sale
The image of the sale House when it became clear that there was a great deal of pig, the comfort in living room was removed by estate agents.
The freistehende House has a bedroom, a private street in Ipswich and will be offered for 120 000.
The details of the Wohnzimmers was a portrayal of the House - which is also a pig's head was that lie on a SOFA.
Estate agents Connells said the pig on the photo was the pet of the owner.
"The photo was published by mistake, however, and has now been removed," a spokeswoman for the company said.
The exposé of the house described the Connells former Assembly House as a "unique family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the site, it is still on promotional material.
The Hausverkauf, in social media for interest, as some people asked whether the pig is included in the purchase price.
Harvey's SW city is home to a new millionaire after lottery win
This month it is a lottery players from Harvey.
The search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, receiving nearly $1.1 million from the Lotto draw on Saturday.
A finger in Harvey, for the second time in five years, the Jackpot in the drawing of the First Division, after 1 million dollars in November 2009.
The lucky winner must report yet.
The shopkeeper Steve Forward said that the subject exercising in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city is talking about nothing else, and are all pretty excited.
We thought that such a profit could occur.
Eight Wa-winners have a proper conclusion for a few lucky weeks for the players in the state, celebrated in the first division profits in the last month.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale is one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple made the Megagewinn of 7.5 million dollars previously only a few weeks away from Belmont.
The winning couple had played for 20 years and said the win would give them the possibility of a world tour and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the wa in this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not only the gladiators were ankle deep in the mud at the first Rhine Bacher Römertag in the park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to the Regenschauern and herbstlichen cold trotzten to well over 1000 visitors yesterday and now completely from the historical spectacle.
There was a colorful series of images, shows, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance in the Rhineland.
Main issue; the day was undoubtedly the bellicose Kämpfertruppe from Gladiatorenschule ``Amor Mortis ''any Regenpause used to demonstrate their robust Kampfeskunst in the soft sand präparierten arena.
Leonidas Gladiatorenbesitzer ''was humorvoller and expert Präsentator and sent his men running into the ring to the heroic Zweikampf in various Gladiatorengattungen.
First were the "Provocatoren" in line with rectangular shield and sword briefly on the right arm and leg rail on the left leg and Armschiene.
It was followed by the ``Essedarii'with Brustschild, Kurzschwert and Wurflanze and its iron Gladiatorenhelm, leg and Armschutz.
Particularly impressive was the appearance of Wurfnetz Dreizack Dolch, and against the'Secutor' and recently took to fight the boys to ground, of'Retiarius.
Since crashed the metallic together swords, shields schepperten and throwing lances surrend flew through the arena that could be a fear and worry about the health of the gladiators.
But on the impressive ``Summa Rudis' muskulöse referee, always very.
``we wanted to revive the Roman everyday life and experience make the Roman culture, said Lorenzo Euskirchen, chairman of the Veranstalters Römerkanal'ring', the intention behind the scenes.
After two years of preparation time was a "Roman Oppidum from the park for a day," a Roman city, as Deputy Mayor Claus Wehage said in his address.
Finally, the Romans have not only brought war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we still see today.
The remains of these were also the Römertag to visit a "aqueduct marble" from 11 meters high and the 1400-metre-long Romans channel bridge stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus-society towards the water and energy once and now, and CEO, Petra Fricke knew: 'we are still benefit from the knowledge of the ``.
It also confirms a surveyor Ralph Holy presented two "from Rheinbach, surveying instruments of the Romans like Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra from" engineering team.
The Römervilla presented in Blankenheim Skizzen and models of the dig in 1894 and Ziegelsteine from the original Hypokauste, Warmluftheizung, once the Römervilla warmer.
Impressive as the footprints, which had been left by Wolf and Fox in the foot steps from clay two millennia ago, before it burned.
In 2011, the office of the Rhineland Bodendenkmalpflege Landesverband reinvented in Rheinbach the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park north.
We have found a commercial building with a Darre for drying of grain boundary walls and the Mälzen.
The building was probably belongs to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, the archaeologist explained Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A number of findings from these excavations put it in a glass case before, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels, as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
The Villa was probably the first to fourth century AD, to the idea of the Germanen in Roman Rhineland, Morscheiser.
It also organises the children with the Roman Windmühlenspiel, similar to the current Mühlespiel, or they wrote as the Roman pupils with Metallgriffeln Wachstafeln on their behalf.
The state of Römerthermen Zülpich were the children put themselves Mosaiken, work on the state of progress of the Glasmuseums Rheinbach Glasmosaiken and use a heavy Weizenmühle from stone on the state of progress of the Eifel Naturzentrums Nettersheim to grind the flour for a Fladenbrot or a Müsli.
With the two Kaltblütern drawn originalgetreu reconstructed Roman Reisewagen went through some sort of theme park and the visitors were also over the impressive level of the Municipal grammar school, which is their'Romans-Projektwochen presented the results.
With a Römerwoche from 13 to 21 September will remind you of the death of emperor Augustus of Rome before 2000 years ago, in the 2014 rheinlandweit Römerjahr Wachtberg flavour of the community as well.
Together with the home and a historical association and the guard Berger hiking club, the partnership association and the amateur game circle Upper Bachem are offered, among other things, thematic hikes, a lecture, live cooking and guided tours for school classes and remember the Roman past guard hill.
For example, tell a Roman legion of his work on the windswept Wachtberg plants presented as living monuments from the Roman era and a funny moment in terms of international understanding between a group watching Berger "Germanic" and vote were performed.
The Adendorfer school is in the context of the Römerthema Projektwoche.
With the Römerwoche are numerous, but more often not at first glance visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg experience will be made.
The guard Berger Town Hall will hold a presentation to the discovery of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola epidemic is the West African economies.
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned, and international companies are at a distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic deals a heavy blow to the economy of West Africa.
The harvest rotting in the fields, the mines are left and the markets by orphanhood - the virus has been added to the region.
Some international companies are already at a distance.
``the Ebola epidemic is not just a health crisis, but also an economic'judgments of the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is hit hardest
``it is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money, ''says Alhaji Bamogo on the second largest market in Liberia's capital, Monrovia clothes sold.
On the market only if you want to buy food or something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus, here alone fell victim to the fever of more than 600 people.
Recently declared the health authorities, the disease was tested in every corner of the country.
In Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria has spread the virus.
A total of more than 1 500 people have died, thousands of others in the process.
Foreign firms are employees from
Across the resource-rich countries, companies set out its operations.
Foreign companies such as the group Arcelor Mittal will draw their employees, several international airlines fly to the affected regions.
The local dealer and farmers are only a few merchants: leave their homes to obtain supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, rotting in the fields, among other things, the major cocoa and coffee beans for export.
The farmers don't dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food shortage
"People will travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, which normally sold on the market and its vegetables, prefer to remain at home.
The population gets to feel the impact of the epidemic directly and urgent: Food are scarce.
On the markets, the supply of basic foodstuffs such as rice is waning.
At the same time, the strong international companies dependent region of our image, with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon by French Think Tank Iris.
What matters is how far and how long the virus will spread.
Investors can get the impression that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and thus to invest, "warns Hugon.
The disease burden on the budgets of the Member States also strapazierten
The disease is also the already strained state budgets of the countries concerned.
The rating agency Moody's that their budgets to exhaustion of the deteriorating economy of the high expenditure for the health care system and, in addition, is concerned.
The African Development Bank already promised peaks in) EUR 45 million (the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars.
The effects are already in Nigeria, where only a few Ebola cases so far.
It is not yet affected the ölreiche region in the southern Niger Delta.
But elsewhere, many people remain at home for fear of infection.
Hotel bookings are clear.
Protect celebrate its 50th anniversary
The protect Verein "pine forest" Berngau celebrates its 50th founding from 12 to 14 September.
Running at full speed to protect Verein pine forest preparations for the 50-year-old founder of 12 to 14 September.
On Friday, September 12, a large entertainment evening with the group "village rocker."
On Saturday, at 6pm, shoot the great Böll.
Then there is the big Festzelt the Stimmungsabend with the'Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam'.
Brass band provides the music
Highlights on Sunday are the festive divine service and 9.30 in the parish church and the great procession at 14: 00.
The afternoon is also the Preisverteilung of the Union - and Gauschießens.
A particularly beautiful sight will be the 25 women with their Dirndln.
Festkapelle is the brass band Berngau.
The aegis have taken on Mayor Wolfgang Wild and Secretary Albert for field.
The original name "protect society pine forest Berngau" dates back to 1907, when on March 21, the association has been founded on the "social entertainment through exercise in Zimmerstutzen- and small-caliber shoot '.
The Nazi regime led to the dissolution of the association 1937.
Until 1964 have found themselves 19 young men to protect the "new" on April 30 in Gasthaus Lukas Verein "pine forest" Berngau baptised.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club to install Schützenmeister through a difficult, particularly in the early days it was to find a Vereinslokal and Schießbetrieb.
In autumn 1965, the Schützenverein in the inn ``Leininger ''with two teams in the Rundenwettkämpfen.
In the following years established to protect the sport, which now organized in seven teams were, in all classes to Gauliga 1.
The association records purzelten every year and the magic figure of 380 rings was reached for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
As the performance of active shooters have increased, have also developed a positive view of the membership numbers.
After the Vereinslokal'Leininger no longer meets the requirements of a modern Schützenvereins', the then Vorstandschaft to create a future domiciled in the Landgasthof Härteis Kellerräumen of the new '', under the leadership of Johann Rinn.
After a performance of 2700 hours gave the church blessing on 8 May 1988 pastor Strasser for the new protected areas.
One of the major highlights in the history of the club was certainly protect the 44th Gauschießen, combined with the solemn consecration of the new flag in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, celebrated the 80th anniversary of his 30-year protection association.
A Böllergruppe has been founded in 1995.
Josef Schmalzl has been Böllerreferent.
A major challenge for the "Böll more" and for the club as a whole was the focus of the Bavarian Böllertreffens in 2005.
In many hours of voluntary work in the Vereinsmitglieder modernised Berngauer Court last year in the rooms and the Schießanlage and brought up to the latest state of the art technology.
Eleven teams in round competitions
I can also see the sporting achievements of the Schützenvereins.
There are currently 11 teams in the round competitions: Six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, a sporting pistols kk1, a youth and two Ah-teams.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degrees and Kerstin Kellermann has risen in the Bezirksliga 1) 2013 / 14 of the Gauoberliga (high League in Schützengau ANB in the round.
The second team with Verena Moosburger Eva Schuhmann, Alexandra Meier and Tobias Graml has risen in the Gauoberliga Gauliga from the North.
In addition to the shooting sports events such as a sting, rubber hoods and King Ball, club outing and Christmas tradition.
With the Remedy during the festival in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident in returning to the circuit
Tony Stewarts return on the circuit at ended approximately halfway through its race at the Atlanta engine Speedway.
Stewart raced against the wall for the second time, after his right front tyre burst in round 172 and ended his night.
Stewart drove his damaged car in the garage and left it without speaking with reporters.
His team chief Chad Johnston said his 14-member team was disappointed, are now focusing on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we would have had a better use and a better result for him," Johnston said.
We go to Richmond and we hope that it can do better.
Stewart went before the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Bush in a wall and had the right to repair the vehicle.
"I went into it today with quite good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, and added: "It hasn't worked."
Not long after the second Stewarts car accident was invited in the traffickers and the team had been seized and on departure.
Stewart has three NASCAR Sprint Cup after his car another driver in a Aschenbahnrennen in the north of the State of New York, and killed, race.
He decided to return to this week, either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to win in order to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his work, while an investigation into the tragic incident, the death of the 20-year-old Kevin Ward, Jr. was investigated. this was in order to confront the Fahrbahn Stewart, during a race.
The authorities announced on Friday that investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
There was no decision as to whether Stewart expect a charge.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
For a start to 12th position was Stewart has 10 in the first shortly afterwards and was temporarily in fourth place.
After a restart on lap 122, went bush
Take the No 18 out of control, the outcome from curve 2 and despise with Stewart, and both car against the wall.
Stewart went further, but was in place.
Dance joyful young sought
Simply put, Laura, Lena, Lisa Marie, Bettina, Emma and head Lisa Neitzel (left), look forward to.
Like many other clubs also makes the Jazzgruppen Jahn in TV to create in the secondary schools of Ganztagsunterricht.
After the summer break, some groups have been decimated.
It is now increasingly sought-for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In the two jazz and modern-dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, a former dancer in the jazz and modern dance-band "Spirits," are just nine children.
``three in the group of eight to recent, six in the group of twelve to fifteen-year-olds ''tells the 20-year-old.
With more players would make the whole thing more fun, ''dance could be quite different Choreografien, it says.
Anyone who wants to can hineinschnuppern Tanzen, between 17 and 18 p.m. on Thursdays and on Fridays between 17 and 6.30 p.m. in the former hotel Tanzsportraum Meyer, Freistraße 9, non-binding in the Trainingsstunde.
``training begins with a regular Aufwärmprogramm ''tells the Trainerin.
After various Choreografien practice.
Jazz dance has the characteristic that there is no fixed form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements of folklore on classical to sport and acrobatics will be processed in the Jazz Dance.
Of course, the company is not too short.
``we are also sometimes look Tanzfilme and we have been in Tanzraum übernachtet also eat ''Lisa Neitzel reported.
In the group we can close friendships, share a beautiful hobby and do a lot for the own motor development.
If jazz dance is not the case, you can also get into one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and young people can always hineinschnuppern in education in the fields of Kindertanz / Jazztanz, Bambini-Ballett, Videoclip-Dancing and Hip-Hop Wednesdays in education.
The Tanztrainer is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
If you want to get Discofox, slow waltz, tango, Viennese waltz, rumba and CHA-CHA-CHA, may look over and join in.
Bulgarian prison warden protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison employees across Bulgaria have organized a nationwide protest before Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration repeated their demands for the restoration of the old working conditions, which have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are on a call list, to be discussed with the Interim Minister Lychezar Ivanov.
The officials protest for a month symbolically against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24-hour classes.
No agreement was reached despite the meeting between the union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums, reported the Bulgarian national ratio (BNR).
The negotiations are continuing, the Director-General of the implementation of sanctions, Rose Zhelyazkov told the BNR.
The protest of the Gefängnismitarbeiter is supported by members of the trade union organisation of the employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned Luhansk airport
The prorussischen fighters are on the rise in eastern Ukraine.
After severe Gefechten, involving Russian Panzerbataillone allegedly, the Ukrainian army abandoned Lugansk today, Monday, the airport of Rebellenhochburg.
The army, at the same time, have been killed in the last 24 hours, seven soldiers.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroschenko had previously called human consequences of the serious failures of his army in the fight against the separatists and changes to give details without, announced in the top Armeeführung.
Prorussische separatists shot the plane
In the fight against the Ukrainian government forces have launched a pro-Russian separatists fighter plane and two Militärhubschrauber again after their own presentation.
Around 100 soldiers have also been killed or injured in combat in the Donetsk region, told the insurgents on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
Coastguard vessels sunk
The rebels also claimed to have sunk two Ukrainian coastguard boats for the first time in the Azov Sea.
The Ukrainian border police confirmed that two of its ships on Sunday near the port city Mariupol were under fire.
Here are seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev said the channel 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing in action.
Local media made Russia for the incident.
Moreover, the separatists have reported to have brought under their control Donezk several towns in the area.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital of Minsk is today Ukraine-Contact Group.
Apart from representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should also be an envoy of the separatists from wrote.
In the run-up to their appearances were all players to publicise their request.
NATO will not break agreements with Russia
NATO will break their agreement with Russia, not as a result of the Ukraine crisis through the planned Stationierungen in Eastern Europe.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels, NATO is the Gründungsvereinbarung the NATO-Russia Council in 1997.
The NATO head accused Russia ', a stark Bruches' of the agreement.
"Today, we must face the reality that Russia considers NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements by the Russian side,, 'that they see as opposed to us'.
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has to strengthen NATO presence in eastern Europe, also announced.
``action plan A at the NATO summit in Wales to Readiness beschließender'that' we have more visible NATO presence in the East, as long as it is necessary to ensure, ''said Rasmussen on Monday in Brussels.
Kiev and Moscow Gasgespräche agree on new
Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks to resolve their gas dispute, according to official figures.
The negotiations were scheduled for Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Monday.
It will also have a representative on the talks Posting of waiting for a decision of the European Union.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas to Ukraine for weeks will not fuel more from Russia.
Finally, EU Commissioner for Energy Mr Oettinger mediating between both sides.
Ukraine, Russia could cut off the supply of gas to Europe also warned.
Europe gets about a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, a large part of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Machtwort: toll will be'clearly
Now comes the Chancellor once again clearly.
A licence for all complicated details but it is not.
Persistent concerns from the CDU against the car toll, the CSU ergrimmt noticeably.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has to persistent opposition from the CDU spoke for the introduction of a car toll exercise your authority.
"To be clear: It is in the coalition agreement, and they will come," said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU-peak bodies in Berlin.
For a detailed model set, Merkel but not yet.
In the black-and-red government program are "certain parameters."
Bundesverkehrsminister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) have made a proposal'and the' work now.
The NRW-CDU, however, insists on their "no" vote to a toll on all roads.
Merkel has stressed, Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) a very constructive in the discussions for a bill.
Beyond the issue, he spoke with Dobrindt also on other ways to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, such as the broadband expansion.
``there is nothing special. Schäuble'off' on Sunday was a mirror, his house was a separate approach to allow report to them with toll motorway-investors - 2017 following the election.
CSU leader Horst Seehofer, then warned to develop toll concepts against the relevant ministers in the Cabinet.
CDU Federal Deputy Armin Laschet reiterated its objections.
``the coalition agreement was never to charge for all circles and Bundesstraßen, ''said the North Rhine-westfälische CDU Landesvorsitzende.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Mr Seehofer announced now, once again, to talk about the issue.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU-national associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a toll affected local border traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer Koalitionstreue had demanded from the ranks of the CDU, because of the Mautkritik.
The left sees the plans in the face of the dispute in the Union as a failure.
"The Murks toll is dead," said party leader Bernd Riexinger of "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
``With the toll to fail the ministers'. Dobrindt wants a Vignettenpflicht the launch 2016 to impose on all German roads.
Domestic car owners in the coalition agreement, but should not be burdened.
Therefore, they should be given on the motor vehicle tax full compensation for the toll.
The model should not penalize foreign drivers but under EU law because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she thought that they would die as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years.
Karin Rodgers lived almost its entire youth in the belief that they are only a few years after they had been diagnosed with the disease.
It was indeed Charcot-Marie-tooth disease (CMT) - a group ererbter disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK said that false diagnoses are a common problem for people with CMT, because so little is known about the disease.
About 23.000 people in Britain are likely to lead to the CMT, motor disorders such as Muskelschwäche, an uncertain and gekrümmten Zehen.
Ill also suffer from numbness or pain, and the disease is progressive and incurable, which means that by the time the symptoms get worse.
As Rodgers 13, it was believed that they Friedreich's ataxia (IAs) have - a disease with very poor survival.
Rodgers thought they would sit in a wheelchair, before they were 18, and die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is 51 years old today, said: "As a child I knew that I could not do the same as the others.
I fell steadily and it took longer for me.
I could never go with the other children skating or skateboard and was often in school because of my way to go and run gehänselt.
Rodgers said that they realised their medical records at the age of 13 years after several operations to the discharge of their Achilles and stretching their legs, when her doctor had left the room and read that they suffered from IAs.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I told this to anyone, but I went home and was looking for the disease in the library, and wrote to the FA-society," she said.
I received a reply, I was shocked and got terribly in panic.
I thought that I would be in the wheelchair with 18 and 25 die, and lose all my skills would slowly in between.
I was all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, it was clear that their skills had not fallen as much as they had imagined and questioned their doctor.
He stood up and took me and said, 'I love, I do not believe that you would have otherwise you already in the wheelchair'.
I believe that you have something far less lebensbedrohliches.
After some genetic tests, was found at the CMT.
``when he said that what was CMT, I felt as if I were a winner, ''she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT-Awareness-month, to draw attention to this disease.
Stabsfeldwebel example D. Berni Diether works since the closure of the former Truppenübungsplatzes as Feuerwerker
For almost ten years, shot in Münsingen on the former Truppenübungsplatz.
Nevertheless, every month, deadly weapons in the heart of the Biosphärengebietes Schwäbische Alb.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they need to be blown up.
A deafening bang Sprengungen echo in the heart of the Biosphärengebietes.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot on the Truppenübungsplatz Münsingen, at the end of 2005 closed after 110 years of military operation.
Since that time, the opened paths for Traveller and cyclists designated to 13, Alb Biosphärengebietes Schwäbische at the heart of the 500 hectares of perimeter.
Tax burden of businessmen in Washington, with the economic recovery
The recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax rulings for companies in the country rose slightly last year, while the economic recovery accelerated in the past week, and the companies in the Washington area, according to a newly published study were no exception.
Companies in the area of District, Maryland and Virginia paid together 27,6 billion dollars to state and local authorities in the financial year 2013, an increase of 3.8% compared with the revenue from 2012 to the tune of $600 billion.
The state and local tax burden of businesses rose last year by 4.3% to EUR 671 million, compared to 3.9% in the year before, and it was the third consecutive Wachstumsjahr after several years of declining orders in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes increased more than the local taxes, 4.3%, so the study carried out by the National Centre for taxation, a Steuerpolitikgruppe from Dienstleistungsagentur Ernst & Young.
More than half of the District, 56%, revenue comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of Mary's revenues come from businesses.
Virginia has the lowest tax revenue from businesses, with 28 percent.
A large proportion of the increase in revenue is founded the company in a recovery of Immobilienwerte, researchers, leading to an increase in the Immobiliensteuern by 3.7% this year for the three successive years with a growth rate of less than 1%.
While a large proportion of these profits for large states like California, New York and Texas, is of course also applies to the area of Washington.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes together last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - a 4.2 percent increase in the course of a year.
But the apparent recovery in the real estate values is not as effective in the increase of state and local tax revenues in Maryland, as in the real estate taxes amount to barely more than a fifth of corporate tax rulings.
Companies in Virginia and DC pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of Immobiliensteuern.
On 509.719 '490.305, 28.872 in Maryland 419.306 is the following: a large part of the property, 381.955 352.001, 70.352, 58.838, particularly in the field of taxation on 28.261 to DC is either 267.811, 128.668, 61.645, 40.822 on 17.375 in possession of the government or 14.597 of non-profit organisations, the pay on 14.334 57.539 not Immobiliensteuern on 29.285, ``said on 113.582, 26.995, Douglas Lindholm, 81.218, managers for the 49.154, Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes, for example, to be able to offer the same services that offer other states.
The recent recovery in tax revenues by companies cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the property market
Unternehmenseinnahmen seem to recover the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes in Staatsorganisationen of 2.3 billion compared to $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
During the trend in the same direction, the local tax burden for companies in all three areas.
The growth rate was significantly higher in the District corresponded with the national average of 4.3 percent, while the increase in Maryland, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported a unterdurchschnittliches tax revenue from 4.1%.
Virginia has the lowest corporate income taxes (in all three with 6 percent in all three areas, there are strong business rates).
The corporate tax rate from 8.25 percent in Maryland and the District at relatively high 9,975 percent.
A similar study at the beginning of this year, the US Chamber of Commerce showed that lower state and local business taxes will be required in Virginia and a total of a better tax climate than in Maryland.
In the study of the District was not investigated.
Despite the advantages, Virginia has been under pressure from its southern neighbors.
North Carolina has passed laws to reduce its corporate tax rates in this year of 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the coming year.
If the government continues to his Einkommensziele next year, could reduce this law by 2017 up to 3% of the Unternehmenseinkommenssteuersatz of the state.
In the meantime, there seems to be better off small businesses in Washington, and they are therefore more state and local taxes, as the recent study.
Taxes paid by small businessmen as personal income taxes - a Übergangsstruktur, organised under the most small businesses - in the District, Maryland and Virginia increased by 20% in the last year to EUR 2.4 billion dollars, a faster rate than the taxation as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes across the country will probably continue in this year, with an increase of general VAT revenue for the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period of the previous year.
However, if the spending cuts by the federal government has an impact on the labour market in the region, the Washington area could lag behind.
Twin town of German beer in Guangzhou.
Hop and malt - even in China, a popular combination.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurts twin town in China wants a brewery and hopes in addition to a flight-direct links between the two cities.
German beer brewed in Frankfurt partner city Guangzhou - this is the urgent desire of officials in China.
"We would be very happy if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the deputy party secretary of the southern Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week visiting an SPD delegation in his city.
Again and again, the official of China's ruling Communist Party in the course of the conversation came back to this concern of the Twelve-million metropolis.
Guangzhou, called the canton in Germany was one of the richest cities of China, canvassing Li.
Therefore, the people have the purchasing power of being able to afford German beer.
The hessische SPD Chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, the German Politikerdelegation, said that he will hear the host for the project for a potential partners in Germany.
``for beer, it does not need much: good water, cereals and appetite, added at the lunch with the Parteioberen in Guangzhou.
This joy strahle already from Mr Li, he flattered the hosts.
As a result of the official from Guangzhou with Schäfer-Gümbel - but with red wine, served to the Essen.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity.
More commercial transactions
A second request of the Chinese host would be a flight-direct links between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vice-heard Li.
Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier, but removed for economic reasons in 2012.
"It would again be worthwhile," was convinced of local politicians.
``the commerce between our two cities is to '.
Currently, passengers would have to take the detour via Changsha in Hunan province, accused Li.
The administration, the capital of the province of Guangdong Guangzhou, hopes for the flights.
The Vice-Governor of the Province, Chen Yunxian, was this desire during his meeting with the Social Democrats.
``it is a very good idea, replied Schäfer-Gümbel - the Chinese Vizeminister Li Jinjun, has intimate knowledge of Germany, nickte favourably.
Beautiful partnership
The "blessed Vice-party chief of Guangzhou hopes that he can visit to a partnership meeting in Frankfurt next year.
Li Yiwei was already on Main, but not yet in this role.
He came into office until this year, after his predecessor had been transported from the office for corruption charges.
Even the local party chief Wan Qing had to go.
The action taken against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in party and administration, which imposed tough by President XI Jinping.
The new leaders Li Yiwei had something very unusual in the Chinese Communist Party is working for an American company in its Parteikarriere.
Before his arrival in Guangzhou, he worked as a top official in Fujian, where the car maker Volkswagen built a great work.
Frankfurt is officially received town twinning, more than a dozen.
Guangzhou, the connection to the 9,000 miles away is among those who will be maintained by both sides, such as a student exchange.
Last year, the 25-year anniversary was celebrated the German-Chinese connection.
The southern Chinese city on the Pearl River is almost as much as the whole of Hesse with its economic strength.
In the next year if they reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, reported Li.
Family of Joan Rivers' expresses the thumb '.
Joan Rivers has been unconscious for three days before its delivery in a hospital in New York City; her daughter was now hopeful, however, that the 81-year-old comedy recovering from their illness.
``thank you for your continued love and support, ''said Melissa Rivers today in a communication.
We are all of the thumb.
Her mother was sources that on Thursday after a crisis because Herzstillstands in a clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, ended in the Mount Sinai hospital.
The doctors find it until you are satisfied with their state sediert deliberately and precise observation of the described as' seriously.
The responses came from many quarters, including in the form of a vast online Supports by Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners come from today in the trade, apply stricter environmental standards in the future.
Like refrigerators, washing machines have new vacuum cleaner from 1 September to a label, such as the efficiency of the device to a central data to the purchaser.
Apply for new cars in the class of pollutants "Euro 6" tougher nitric oxide-values.
There are also more money for the framework of Bauer: To get a nationwide uniform minimum wage if euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed, as reported information on Monday morning: the online retailers and Videoproduzent, and a number of other things, buy the Videostreamingdienst Twitch for 1.04 billion dollars (970 million US $).
The announcement is not surprising, because no one expects a takeover of Twitch, but because it was widely assumed that YouTube buy the company.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of Twitch decided to Google's video service for a cool billion. The cooperation also appeared, of course.
Twitch it was founded as a Justin.tv only three years ago, was a Live-version of YouTube - launched as a general Streamingdienst.
Instead, it was' a platform for players, who published their Bravourstücke in games, a'YouTube for live games, so an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play," a video genre, in the opinion of the (mostly older) games give a veneer of secret science theatre, are already very popular on YouTube.
It is precisely that YouTube is often called, if you want to describe Twitch, so was the news that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy a little bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitors.
A mystery to me why the deal with YouTube did not come about because the company was reportedly willing to pay as much as it is Amazon.
Everything that we know at the moment is Emmet Twitch sheer, President of this statement: "We have decided on Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery is, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me who say that they prefer to watch a sport, it is difficult to understand the attraction, the assumption that others watching the games themselves to take the control console in the hand.
It is one thing to see a friend at 3 o'clock in the morning on the shoulder while they trailed by resident Evil, and quite another to watch a spinner as 20 times in a row in Call of Duty is shot in the head.
All of these games, you could see it now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games are ego games today, so the watch without control over the look of their own perspective can be a good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the quick passes, all of our electronic age in the Roger Bannisters complete games in record time, are entertaining.
But as long as not a game or Humorvirtuose is Twitch-channel is probably not so very interesting.
But what sceptics as I know it?
Twitch is called of 55 million of visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internetverkehrsspitzen.
And exactly how to make money from Amazon?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch so elegantly integrated into Amazon instant Video, such as YouTube Twitch simply could swallow.
But Twitch has something that each company would like: Thousands of young men to be courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, shear, said, 'both Twitch Amazon and believe in the future of the Gaming, ``and the medium shows no signs of contraction, not even - Schluck - as a spectator sport.
On the Hüpfburg in Burggartenfest was something on Saturday.
The concept of the organisers agreed.
Despite the strong Regengusses on Saturday evening, an estimated 1,200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
Sometimes the entry had to be stopped.
This was annoying, ``said Ron Sem, one of the organisers.
Salt Wedel light and fun.
From two Spanish words have Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem Amula formed the name.
Because the Open Air in Salzwedeler castle garden, brightness is broadcast on the day and in the evening by various shows.
Well, and the fun is by itself anyway.
It was already early Saturday, when the first visitors to the Open Air respect encouragement.
A feast for all generations promised the organizers.
And they succeeded in this.
Around the supply stands on the castle garden meadow had made it Salzwedeler, but also guests from the hotel and more comfortable surroundings.
It's the first live performances, wippten enjoyed with the foot to the beat of cool drinks - in short, relaxation and pleasure were the order of the day.
And the right across the generations.
While a blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand in the Strandbar lümmelten, others at a quarter of wine in the Vinothek labten era, the offspring of the Hüpfburg, a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But also the Kinderschminken had the volunteers to acquit the to have imaginative creations in the small faces to do in the truest sense of the word.
The Wider took the Kickertische or participating in an Skateboard-workshop, the Goodfoot-crew from which Salzwedel.
Until the big rain.
Shortly before 5.30 p.m. prasselte it down to the visitors, especially families sought the vastness and dry.
But the attractiveness of the festival, this did not diminish.
There were more people than expected, ``said Ron Sem, was a success at the line ''.
This is not a repeat of the major party in the coming year.
Although in content and size of the events work still needs to be made in a first assessment Sem on Sunday with the Volksstimme.
As he described, in that, in the meantime, had to be stopped.
Obviously, the security company had been booked with too little power.
The result: some people who had already paid, were no longer on the premises.
The response has been very good.
In a first cautious estimate the Salzwedeler involved in organising of around 1 200 visitors in the Burggarten tummelten.
There have been problems with the sound.
The Salzwedeler hip-hop band blocks' n 'Rox broke their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were to be capable of creating a halfway reasonable Sound.
The planned shisha lounges could not be built because the tents because of a puncture could not be brought to salt fronds.
``in the next year they will be there but ', according to the organisers.
The premiere of Amula-Open-Air was more of the visitor numbers as successful.
And in bad weather.
However, the organisers have some mistakes, which will be forgiven for the first time, but must be eliminated in the second edition.
The organizers also have criticism in the social network Facebook.
"Sorry, but for 12 euros, you simply expected more," says Melanie Meier on the event page.
"Unfortunately, ye assumed a bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others see the initial problems are not quite so closely.
I think it is very good that some chat not only stupid, but also really try to put something on their feet.
Jon!, "writes Stephanie Jenß Amula.
Now, the organizers for a year, to put an end to these points of criticism.
New in Radom Berkum: Guard's landmark is shrinking
This is not as expected.
It is the ready device to be used in the distinctive building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: Nearly 50 years after the establishment of the space surveillance radar TIRA, the shell, the so-called Radom, completely renovated.
The new Radom 47.5 meters in diameter will be slightly smaller than the old one.
The size but still remains world record.
The final step is to complete the new shell of caps exchange
The upper quarter of the old shell will be cut and removed with a crane.
After the last quarter drafted the new shell.
If the weather is nice enough, the action at the beginning of this week should go on the stage.
A participant at the Ice-bucket Challenge dislocates jaw
Mrs Roberts from Britain cried so much as it with cold water is poured over the head, the bone structure of their face injured.
The Ice bucket Challenge was painful in addition.
A woman was after the Ice-Bucket-Challenge people had so much that it is the Kiefer ausrenkte, ended up in hospital.
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom circle "so much as their cheap water was poured over the head that they violated their facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I shouted, and while I was the fact, my jaw just stand," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Mrs Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to make my mouth, but that was not the Kiefer was verhakt, and then I realised that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw it and started laughing almost in the pants, but I was in the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from Great Britain to leave all the Kiefer after the participation in the viralen trend on Tuesday, ended up in hospital.
The Clip was linked to a Internetsensation and thousands on Facebook and Twitter.
The Burgvereine will soon be pulling together?
Finally, there was always strife between the two Wolfratshauser Burgvereinen.
Now that the management board on a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolf Council Hauser Castle, the late Richard Dimbath, a former chairman of the Council of the Wolf Hauser castle friends, having the project in France.
A year ago, there was no good climate between the club and the castle friends Wolfratshausen.
Seemed very diverse the positions, as with the history of the Wolfratshauser Castle and a possible reconstruction should be tackled.
Now to move between the two camps: it should soon be held talks on a common approach.
Confirm that the club stands Torsten Invest (Castle) and Herbert Piffl (and friends) on demand of our newspaper.
``I have called Mr Piffl and that we could get together once again proposed'Sjöberg reported.
In his view, all members of both clubs could pull together again in the future.
So are made visible progress more quickly.
While the castle suddenly friends with the late Richard Dimbath until recently had an eye on a reconstruction of the castle in the mountain forests, the "development and Erlebbarmachung" for the club to Invest is at the forefront of the terrain.
Herbert Piffl, chairman of the second Burgfreunde, is very pleased about the call for their own data.
Since Dimbaths death before it is the Burgfreunden.
A new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in mid-September.
At the moment, the association according to the 74-year-olds around 40 Members.
'after the death of my friend Richard Dimbath we can stop the Vereinsaktivitäten from respect. this ``Denkphase ''is how we might move on' need '.
According to the new chairman Piffl should go with the Burgverein in the discussion.
Until then the Burgfreunde could make a current opinion within the group.
A candidate for the presidency, there are currently not Piffl says.
``but I am confident that you will find ''. he himself because he is not domiciled in Bad Tölz, stand.
The new chairman should be a wolf council houses.
The Toelzer wants to continue to contribute to the project "but very happy."
The different positions in terms of reconstruction will remain in next time Piffls in the eyes.
It recognises Dimbath as' missionary ', always to the reconstruction of the castle was thought.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
By a large part of the population, as well as volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "I was skeptical at first.
But over time, I am more and more to the conclusion that it is sensible to press ahead with the project. "We could create a" unique selling point "for the raftsmen city.
Here, there is nothing else.
Moreover, the project by EU subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors would be affordable, believes Piffl.
"The idea of reconstruction will jettison I personally is not easy." He hope that the club at this point might make a difference.
Their goal, first to document the history, "is important and good."
Then we could see further.
Clever ways to save on university textbooks
Since the costs for university textbooks for many students are more than 1, 000 dollars per year, considered the fast-Zweitsemesterstudent little Schroeder a smart Sparidee.
He invented a Leihsystem for books by students of higher semester and offered a nominal compensation to delay the Rückverkauf.
"My math book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a chick-fil-A-biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who visited the Covenant College in Georgia.
For the last semester needed books would cost $430 him, he said.
He gave $120.
The Collegeleitung told that students, however, several Kostendämpfungsoptionen, spending on textbooks and Studienmaterial the students per year on average more than 1 200 dollars.
Online shops and creative approaches, such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for the students.
Renting textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a much lower price than at the time of purchase.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, said that the hiring of text books have doubled since 2011.
In the industry surveys show that about a quarter of the books was hired last spring semester in college bookstores, Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer said.
Less than half of all books are bought in campuses-bookshops, according to the National Association of college Handelsvereinigung stores.
Here is the ABC for the best deals.
Buying online
Some new books online costs only a third of the price for which they have in the campus-bookshop.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" VNO Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be purchased at the specialized Chegg.com textbook retailer for 239,99 $.
Buy used
If one of the notes of other or normal Gebrauchsspuren nothing, secondhand books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed in Chegg.com for 93,49 $.
Little Casaday, 25, Abschlussstudent of Brigham Young University, says that he has spent on Amazon.com 42 cents for a used edition of'Strategic Media Decisions: understanding, The Business End Of The Advertising Business ``.
The book has been sold for $48.
Academics as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls recommended students, whether the previous expenditure are acceptable to ask their professors.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant to the seminar work.
In such cases, elderly spending can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
No Chegg and Amazon is also Half.com of eBay Inc is a popular alternative for secondhand books.
Rents
If you are reasonably good and they give you the books after the conclusion of the exchange rate will not want to remember the rents of textbooks is worth.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a new book purchases.
A student could rent for about 20 dollars for the duration of six months' Calculus', for example.
Learn more about the terms of the transaction in which you rent, including on the criminal charges, the case for the writing of notes, underscores or use traces.
Tenants beware: If you don't return the book, the criminal charges may even exceed the price of a new book.
E-Books
E-books instead of traditional textbooks are also an option.
Sometimes these books are de facto rented by an electronic license will be provided by large retailers such as Amazon.com, Chegg, Barnes & Noble Inc. for a certain period of time.
Chegg can rent "Calculus" for six months for about $61.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best deals, as many classics today can be downloaded for free, while scientific and engineering science textbooks can be very expensive.
In any case, around.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the PEPPER dine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for the provision of prices for books, because you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And in an online order remains to be seen, so Gault, whether the book is actually stock.
This lesson he learned the hard way.
He bought a book that four weeks Lieferzeit and had paid the full price of the College-bookshop.
Why was no blockbuster "Guardians of the Galaxy"
On 607.856 95.335 23.376), ''The Expendables 3 to by Sylvester Stallone, played on a 99.514 38.773 less on 25.027 as 20.949 30 million dollars on 38.924 its 90 million on 58.630, dollars on 38.319, budgets in the United States, 326.804 during 160.171, 29.030'Sin City: 93.887 A on 74.253, lady on 49.477, to kill for' 57.681 37.855, only on the threshold of 12 million dollars on 73.317 its budget on 47.956 of mindset einspielte 70 million dollars.
The Cameron Diaz tailored film'sex tape' a played on Eröffnungswochenende only 14.6 million dollars, while children's films such as' Drachenzähmen easily made 2 ``with the revenue disappoint them.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that the lack of quality in the films themselves in children's films could be the reason.
Collin 2014 is referred to as' the worst year for children's films' 'and' 'Drachenzähmen made easy 2' as a purely'functional' Fantasy-continuation.
In films for a slightly older audience, it seems as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July of entertainment Weekly compared to the average CinemaScore and Metacritic-assessment for each Sommerfilmstart, between the American Memorial Day and the 20 July 2013, and to at least 2000 Leinwänden during the current year.
The results are based on the idea of uniting film-goers and film critic, and indicate that this year's Filmhits are equivalent to those of the last year.
Some commentators believe that due to changing Sehgewohnheiten and the growing popularity of web streaming-services such as Netflix development.
Jon Favreau director, who is currently in Disneys soon apparently Dschungelbuch-film work, said to the website Hollywood reporter: ``I believe that the times change '.
We must accept that and do not try to run in the past.
In contrast to the currently weak funds results of Hollywood productions, Netflix streaming content in recent sales of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which sales totaled $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg's film studios to ensure that they are very focused on Harry Potter of comics and predicted a "meltdown" in Hollywood.
Seen in the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that its grim prophecy could contain a real core.
Due to the potential blockbuster expected in the summer of 2015, including Aven Gers: The Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, however, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, described the decline of Kassenergebnisse'cyclical than simply' recently and said to Hollywood reporter: 'the next summer, the biggest summer at the box-office, and no one will be completely worry more about the business'.
A few years ago the 2 Tischtennis-Bezirksklasse removed in order to tighten up the leagues-division, which has been a step in the right direction.
The German Federal table tennis has now taken an additional 3 Bundesliga into the program.
The result: who have not abgestiegen.
It has avoided goddess gene classes tallest team torpedo in the Oberliga Relegation while the descent, but only fünftklassig plays in the coming season.
Viertklassig remain Torpedos ladies, despite its grandiose Durchmarsches in the Regionalliga.
The boys and girls of torpedo launch in the Niedersachsenliga, as well as the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the torpedo-reserve to enter into the new Verbandsliga in the Landesliga Göttinger clubs are not represented.
For the ladies plays in the Verbandsliga TTV Geismar, the torpedo-second in the Landesliga.
As regards the composition appears as a better Bezirksklasse, is now the new Bezirksoberliga South.
Come here to TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and the TTC.
In the District League play as a regional representative off the field and the SC Weende, in the district of TTC II, rot-Weiss, Bove of SV II and the teams of TTV Geismar II and III The Oberliga district of ladies at least begins to strength.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are on board.
In the District League start running Torpedo III and lush film / Wöllmarshausen.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls in the small district league.
The District-league season starts the SCW-boys - there still Torpedo II - is not complete.
In one go, Bezirksklasse Geismar Tuspo Weende and Bovender SV in the season.
In the first season of the starting Regionsverbandes launch the two Göttinger Kreisligen with the nine teams.
In the west Staffel are the red-white II, Bovender SV III, torpedo Laubach II, IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the East Staffel including play Sattenhausen / W öllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen.
The ladies-circle League consists of lush Mitte / Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, seul Stadtorchester II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
This is where it is still better to Kreisebene no ladies teams, Osterode than in the circle.
On 96.091, remarkably, 83.774 that 56.617 60.601, not on the 36.671 26.897, 19.313, six 2. Kreisklassen Sollstärke is achieved, the innovative and lavish Kreisvorstand must consider again.
NATO summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport to an anti-NATO march.
On Sunday, about 150 people from the local town hall in Cardiff came together to hold a so-called anti-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has followed the developments over the weekend for us and spoken to protesters who have travelled from Bridgend in Belgium.
Teenagers from the Blue which lessening
Two teenage bush walkers were brought to safety with the winch, after they were caught on the night in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man in broke shortly after Sonntagmittag in Govetts Leap in Blackheath on their tour.
Their relatives was about 20 p.m. the police, as the home of the two.
A search party of local police and rescue services, and the couple was found around 11 p.m. near the bridal Veil Falls.
The girl had violated the knees and the man was overthrown and had opened his head.
Rescue workers stayed overnight at the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
They were admitted with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital in stable condition.
Dissident protests in Pakistan escalate
The around 1 000 demonstrators have been relegated from the PTV-building of soldiers, said Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The broadcaster have resumed after a half-hour broadcast.
PTV director Athar Farooq said that the protesters equipped with sticks had damaged equipment in the editorial.
Deaths or injuries were not reported.
The protesters are calling for the resignation of the government, which they accuse electoral fraud.
The police said, about a kilometre from the residence of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif removed if there have been incidents of around 3 000 demonstrators with security forces again on Monday.
A policeman was injured after hospital data.
At the weekend were at least three people have been killed and injured more than 500 as demonstrators trying to penetrate Sharifs residence.
They call for the resignation of Prime Minister.
The powerful military had to waste time and without ', to use force without a political solution to the conflict, after a meeting in the army headquarters on Sunday evening.
Further, it was said in the statement: ``the army is to ensure the security of the state, its role.
The escalating violence has fueled concern before the intervention of the military, which has taken more frequently in the past.
The protests led by opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri last since Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had called their supporters on Sunday to endure.
``we will not go back to have forced the resignation without Sharif, Khan.
Qadri said the same thing.
Khan accuses Sharif to have gained through fraud in May last year, the parliamentary elections.
Qadri is calling for the resignation of the central and the Provinzregierungen.
It is an interim government to reform the electoral system and call new elections.
More than 40 000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had first peacefully before Parliament waited until this weekend to Khan and Qadri called Sharif residence.
After the second Hütteldorfer Saisonsieg to three of the table.
With the 2: 0 on Grödig has taken on Sunday a hoping for rapid a bitter week.
``the victory is' very liberating said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team achieved on Thursday a Zwischentief in Europe League with the training.
This success was extremely important, confirmed the captain and Steffen Torschütze Hofmann, with green-white to place three vorstieß.
Schrammel Traumtor brings Rapid on winning street Rapid has shown the right response to the disappointment with the second season victory against Helsinki and comes with a success in the countries game break.
"We wanted to show a positive response," said foreign defender Thomas Schrammel, with its splendid leadership-volley from Sechzehnereck has asked the course to victory in the 14th minute.
"I thought, I Hau all the frustration of Thursday purely and schnalzte it under the bar," said the 26-year-old smiling.
As Schrammel on 13. Novmember 2010 Bundesligapartie so far taken in one of the last time was in Ried.
The first Meisterschaftstreffer in rapid Dress will remain in special memory.
"This is something special for me, I am from the Rapid-kids," said Schrammel.
Due to the short-term basin-Blessur by Mario Pavelic Schrammel distanced herself from the left to the right-wing Defensivseite and his point was also very good.
He has enough experience, that he can put this position also reversed.
The door has earned it, he has already done some Assists today, praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel delivered Hofmann's flank for 2-0 after an hour, that finally brought the decision.
Because that would be able to write to the guests too.
"Thank God we have had a bit of luck today," said Schrammel, alluded to the divergence of performance and result in recent weeks: "The results have not voted, but the playful was always good compared to last year."
Even Barisic was that it would have been better than today'before' in many games - 'against' the strongest team played in the stadium during this season.
The first Dreipunkter since 26 July, that despite the setbacks Mannschaftsgefüge intact was: 'my team today has shown that it has shown.
It is also pleasing to him: ``the fact that we have finally played back to zero '.
A lot of work while Länderspielpause Despite the fact that, with Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, theI Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger several defaults to complain, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philip Schobesberger their Startelfdebüts, make the victory even more valuable.
"We must not forget that," warned Barisic, which lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "which were very stable in recent times."
The countries break should therefore be used to "lick wounds and purchase a bit in physical terms," said Barisic, which has five U21 squad players in its ranks.
The break is particularly suits, one is Captain Hofmann.
He breaks for the team, goes beyond pain over it.
In this difficult stage, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave the Rapids game before his replacement in the 68 minute not only the structure, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-olds, who completed his 350. Bundesliga game, it was the first hit out of the game since 2 November 2013 (4: 2 on the eigentlich).
Hofmann: "Cannot believe that everything now is good," "We have certainly had a bit of luck, but eventually the happiness must come back to us.
Now it was high time, ``said Hofmann.
He urged us, 'We must not always see in black and white, of course, to work: konzentriertem.
We have, as has been pointed out, is not so bad in the last few weeks.
However, we must not now all that is good.
The importance of his role in the team, it could not.
It is a very young team, I support very much at the moment.
To keep in certain stages, but to me, ``said Hofmann.
Grödig-coach would Michael Baur, and his team for little.
He regretted the rapid Gegentreffer'from the category Zaubertor', as well as the regular gateway of livestock in the 40-minute, which has been denied by the referee Kollegger was wrongly.
The only criticism I have of the team is that we leave in a few stages were not precise enough.
Because we have had too few qualifications.
Innenverteidiger Maximillian Karner was similar: found'it has started badly, then we have but purely and made a gateway.
By and large, would have been more.
Under this view, there is peace and quiet
We have a huge strain on Rhöner luck my piece ``in our Rätselaufgabe the Sommerserie last Friday.
There are still a number of these giant trees in the county, the copy is the "Geißruheiche" above under white aroma.
A bumpy one walk leads up to the 600-year-old oak tree.
It is a failure to Koppeln, Basaltsteinhaufen and Basaltsteinmeeren.
A bit below the Steinbruchs from Bauersberg, a kilometres north of the street after Weisbach, as it is.
Vital is the natural monument, it stands on the other trees in the area and remembers with a circumference of about eight metres of an American mammoth tree.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
Despite intensive research, there were only references to the Namensherkunft.
Dr Wolfgang Schneider has separate the Bischofsheimer archive in order to know about consulted and older people from Unterweißenbrunn what Bewandtnis it with the Geißruheiche.
The result of his research was the very sober explanation for the name.
According to about 80 years ago have driven the goat shepherd of their animals under white hours on the meadows laboriously cleared and released by stones.
At the foot of the tree, the animal keeper exhausted by the rise should have rested.
The area has now won back its importance, because in the meadows in Ziegenherden wallowing in again.
The area has been declared to the Biosphärenreservats Kernzone also has discovered, Schneider.
When entering the stone collections should be cautious, however, because the basalt heated by the sun is also a popular haunt for otters.
A Wanderweg Unterweißenbrunn leads from the tree, but is hiding something.
Other routes are signposted, the direction high Rhön climb and to invite a long hike.
Where is the Wasserburg?
A Wasserburg, look at our next task is to find more rarely, however.
The reflection in the ditch is already a good impression from the building, but we have a number of historic buildings in the county, which could fit the building portrait.
Where is our'piece of Rhöner luck'?
My piece Rhöner happiness
As with previous series of the Main-Post in recent years, there is also this year again if they have the right solution to win prizes.
Those who themselves photographed can also participate.
In the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de you can send us the solution and your personal "piece from Rhöner happiness" under this heading.
The most beautiful photos are published.
After weeks of tug-of-war against strong conservative opposition to the EU summit last week, Italy's Prime Minister and current EU president, Matteo Renzi, the nomination of its Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini enforced as head of the EU's foreign policy, you will be the successor of the British woman, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi viewed as the favorite in the government team, as the government reflects near La Repubblica newspaper, the appeal of his current Mogherini as a strengthening of the Social Democrats and his own position in the EU.
He is also a boost for his "package" in Italy.
Last but not least Renzi hopes to calm the always risen left Parteibasis against him, because Mogherini will be assigned to this - albeit rather modest manner.
With the conservative representatives will be nominated by President Jean-Claude Juncker and the Council Poland, Donald Tusk, the prevailing view in Rome, made for a political settlement.
Because the Chefdiplomatin deputy chairman of the EU at the same time, the President of the Commission, Mr Juncker.
The pending approval of the EU Parliament is regarded as safe.
Otherwise we would have liked the President Giorgio Napolitano'unlikely' an important recognition of the nomination of the 41 year politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica spread optimism that for almost two decades in leading Parteiämtern good and well-known for its ambition Mogherini show up to the'enormous challenges.
The native Rom is married and has two daughters.
Her political career began the doctorate throughout 1996 in the youth organization of Democratici di Sinistra (left Democrats) in 2008 with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita together to today's Socialist PD castle.
In 1999 she was Vice-President of the European community organization of Socialist Youth (European Young Socialists) for three years.
With the election of 2001 in the Parteirat the Democratic Left a rose in the high level of party politics, worked in the department of foreign policy, whose head it soon.
They occupied traditional Italian foreign policy priorities, such as the Middle East, was known by studies for the NATO forces in Afghanistan, where Italy is involved with a troop contingent, used the contacts to the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008, it is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she is an expert on defense and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became Premier in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini's Foreign Minister.
If the PD again today has a better relationship with strong peace movement in the country, which have contributed to more than 40 percent of the votes of the party in the EU elections in May, then, as noted in PD-circles, Federica Mogherini played its part.
The representations in Brussels, the new EU Außenbeauftragte have too little diplomatic experience, it is lacking in substance, gekontert in the PD.
In Brussels, Mogherinis following the crisis in Ukraine, especially of Poland and the Baltic members, suspicious realistic emphases and disrepute as' rußlandfreundlicher course.
It supports the pursued by the Russian company Gazprom pipeline South Stream, the Russian gas transported directly to the south, bypassing the Ukraine, which is what the security of Italy.
After Renzi in July had taken his term as chairman of the EU, she went on her first state visit to Moscow.
The photos showed them to shake hands with Putin, the Kremlin chief for October in Brussels with outrage, just that they were invited to a Milan economic summit.
A total of nine young people have started their training at emz Nabburg-1 on Monday.
This is a trainee, who has previously completed another training in the company.
In four occupations are the new employees working in the future: Engineer (three trainees), humidity (two), Werkzeugmechaniker (two) and procedural mechanics (two).
All the trainees come from the district of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer Schmidgaden, John Beer from nine castle in the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel care-free and Sebastian Zahner Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited before main or secondary schools and secondary schools.
The trainees of all vintages and the trainers to a team-building event to Oberammergau drive from Wednesday to Friday, where, among other things, a whole day hike and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company counts deutschlandweit 435 and 950 employees worldwide.
The number of trainees spread across all vintages.
The Socialists in France should keep silent and France in order, ``said the most important ally of François Hollande.
Mr Valls called on the deeply divided left, ``their love of ministerial reshuffling encountered in the great majority of French people to disapproval to show for the controversial socialist Presidents'.
The President deserves the respect of everyone, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
'it is to be at his side, our duty,' he said with great applause.
As beschwichtigende gesture insisted that his government not call into question, for a relaxation of the rules by Emmanuel Macrons, the new Minister of Economic Affairs, despite strong demands the controversial 35-hour week in France will be the Prime Minister.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande urged his Mitsozialisten to show with the government'united'.
But the justice minister, Christiane Taubira, rubbing sand in the gears, in which she appeared at a meeting breakaway socialist deputy and the Socialist Party attacked that they take "the belief in their future," the French.
Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader of the National Front, derided the constant infighting of the socialists and said that they could not imagine that the new Valls government would stick for more than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls also has no, they are not forced to form a new government, if the old times has survived a summer.
, ``said'and the new is also the autumn or winter not survive Miss Le Pen for sponsors.
They repeated the reputation of their party after the dissolution of the Parliament and said that it was confident to emerge victorious in early elections and the government.
The ruling party of France suffered a defeat in the municipal elections in March and the right-wing National Front was the EU elections in May.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of French people are of the opinion that the Socialist Party is the risk to crumble before the end of 2017 in several rival groups of Hollande's tenure.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist in the Gene Sciences Po University, warned that the French lose patience would quickly if the new Socialist government no improvement in the economy and the Rekordarbeitslosenzahlen erziele.
``there is a small window of opportunity that things change, must feel fast public opinion but, ''warned it.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise on the eve of a deal with Prestige Cruises of $3 billion.
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O Kreuzfahranbieter, the third largest in the world, according to the experts of the industry in advanced negotiations on the acquisition of competitors Prestige Cruises International Inc for around $3 billion.
A deal would Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, give access to the luxury cruise ships of Prestige cruises and its wealthy clientele, while it is in competition with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned that the talks could also end without result.
The owner of Prestige cruises, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also has a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked when the negotiations are not publicly to stay anonymous.
Representatives of Prestige cruises and Norwegian Cruise has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo rejected a comment.
The company based in Miami Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenues were 2013 in 2,57 billion dollars to 2012 compared with an increase of 13%.
Prestige cruises, also based in Miami, Oceania and Regent operates under the brand names, which jointly operate eight Cross driving ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues of $1.2 billion in 2013, an increase of 6% compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry is a total of approximately EUR 29 billion, and in the next few years is expected in emerging countries such as China and India as a result of the strengthening of the middle class.
The companies are trying to position themselves for these new customers as the best choice for the cruise operators.
Prestige Cruises requested in the US regulators in January 2014 the Börsengang.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since an $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise, in its current form in 2000 by the merger with a Kreuzfahrtanbieter owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and Kasinomischkonzern under the control of the Malaysian multimillionaire Osama Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise was in January 2013 to the stock exchange.
Genting held at the end of June, according to the licensing authorities, 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 per cent of the shares and the private equity company TPG Capital LP an 8 percent stake in the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean cruises and Norwegian Cruise together according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige cruises have 82 percent of passenger capacity to American cruise ships.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China on the day after the vote.
A Beijing loyalty group waving the Chinese flag in the vicinity.
The standing committee of the National People's Congress passed a law that allows only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in the year 2017 on Sunday.
First of all the candidates have majority support in the occupied with pekingtreuen members is expected to make a nomination committee.
By this decision will make it almost impossible for opposition Democrats to be allowed to run and led pro-democracy activists to test its threat and closing with "Occupy Central" -program paralyse the financial centre of Hong Kong.
Political reforms are feared has long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and the leadership of China that the calls for democracy to extend to other cities.
Following the publication of a White Paper in Beijing in June the dominance of China on Hong Kong Demokratieaktivisten held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the Special Administrative Region, in which hundreds of thousands of people in the Geschäftsbezirk marched in the city and there is a'sit-in organised.
Lis survey will be organised in Hong Kong by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office.
The vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the Law Commission, Zhang Rong Hun, as well as the deputy director of the office for Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced to gather on the afternoon before the leadership office in Hong Kong.
Britain was up to the final stage of the 150-year-old Kolonialregierung no elements of democracy in Hong Kong.
Putin calls for the inclusion of "statehood talks" with eastern Ukraine from Kiev
The Russian President Vladimir Putin told Russian media reported on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately begins with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow that Putin was not meant to have that under the control of the separatists of the field of wrote a part of Russia, will later on, but that its status for Ukraine should be redefined to give to the representation of the rights and interests of the Russian-speaking region of power.
On 730.624, 155.291 69.341, Putin's call on the Government to Kiewer 25.879 to negotiations on 24.565 47.904 on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents fits 296.494 186.928, on to the 153, 128.558, 15.553 by him on the 62.558 91.506 since the riots on 33.949, five months seems to be persecuted strategy: aid 81.179 15.719) for the separatists 17.268 on the adoption of the 43.888 36.312, areas and pressure on 106.259 on the Ukrainian Government, Novorossija on 37.968 15.823, the newly proclaimed region on 55.663, 76.244, de facto independence 48.153 for an alliance with Russia on third 29.156 with the West will sector.
In an interview with the state television channel One, Putin the Ukrainian Militärkampagne to recapture the separatist nature areas in the eastern regions Donezk and Lugansk, which was adopted in March and April, after Moscow Ukrainian peninsula Crimea on 18 March annexed.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently adopted this area as "Novo Rossija" or "New Russia," a term that recalls the vorrevolutionäre heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin and Ukrainian politicians pointed out that all those during the campaign for the elections on 26 Oct. while government groups attacking civilian communities in the areas held by separatists hope for early peace talks "trapped in their illusions," Itar-TASS reported.
"We must immediately begin detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the state status of south-eastern Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people who live there," he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to be seen with the greater autonomy in the context of the rule of law must be discussed by the Kiewer leadership for months that the cultural and linguistic rights threatens to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas.
Only the Ukrainian Government is the eastern areas give the necessary autonomy, said Peskow.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, said Peskow, 'because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but' in Ukraine an internal conflict.
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored Russia's leadership in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct Annektion Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million residents are ethnic Russians.
Moscow could have been far more difficult to annex the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are no Russians and polls arose from the time before a broad majority for the whereabouts of the conflict in Ukraine.
The autonomy that was raised at international forums of Russian diplomats, would the regional governments to negotiate its own trade agreements and external relations, power in Ukraine, and so the Kremlin de facto the Russian territory in the Crimea, the control over an area.
The five months annexed Peninsula in the Black Sea is the home port for the majority of the Russian navy, as well as an important Handelshafen and historical coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries that produce important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his speech to the inauguration on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislation - for new elections - additions to the Constitution should bear in mind that the respective areas have greater control over their finances and the status of the languages.
But the idea of autonomy is in stark contrast to the arming and incitement to stand accused of Moscow, the Kremlin and the separatist rebel.
Putin's last call for Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on an equal footing, followed by a further encroachment of the rebels in the past week, after Russian troops and tanks have penetrated through the previously peaceful region along the Azov Sea in eastern Ukraine.
The Russian-supported separatists took over the coup, according to Ukrainian security officials fear is the first step of a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to Crimea, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason, the between Nowoasowsk and access to the narrow peninsula Crimea, Mariupol is to build a Stahlindustriehafen with 500 000 inhabitants, launched a massive civil and military preparations.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at a meeting of the EU leaders in Brussels and has asked for urgent action to prevent against Ukraine another Russian aggression, a former Soviet republic, the last 23 years of independence.
"We are just at the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit, no concrete actions, the leadership was the proposal further sanctions against Russia, which will enter into force in a unspezifizierten escalation of Ukrainekrise.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after two Russian armored columns and 1,000 soldiers broke last week in the Donetsk region, in order to support the besieged separatists, said Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council Repo on Saturday in Kiev.
The first is probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers trapped in Ilowajsk by the Russian invasion, which had been captured in ukrainischem area a week ago, were replaced with 10 Russian paratroopers on Sunday, Lysenko announced on Sunday.
Nacktfotoskandal at Australian Promis and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey most precious made no secret of his anger on the hackers may have stolen nude pictures of his fiancee Gabi Grecko and a Who's Who of Hollywood A-celebrities.
The Filmstadt is agitation, after a series of clear photographs of naked Jennifer Lawrence Promis appeared in the Internet in a Hackingskandal.
The hacker responsible for this probably has 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star of the "Tribute of panem" and of superstars, including the model Kate Upton and CARA Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian Schauspielerinnen Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski Grecko from Melbourne, and were allegedly private photos on a iCloud-gap publicised.
There are 101 celebrities on the list.
Most precious, who last month had engaged with Grecko, said to Confidential: "It is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, in New York, said a Nachrichtenwebseite reports that the Hack ``outrageous ''and that the victims' felt injured.
The hackers has probably 30 images of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two photographs, in which it up without a pool.
The Palmers film works include "love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and the actress Browning from sucker Punch yesterday were not available for comments on the hacked images.
A representative to TMZ Lawrence said: 'it is a horrendous violation of privacy.
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hackers in his Tweet: posten from a mobile phone'Gehackte images is nothing other than the sale of Hehlerware.
From a purely legal point were stolen images that should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th cycle on the Great Feldberg here and have supported for the club "help for children with cancer."
The Tour, for which an ordeal was, on the other, a light training.
In one, but all agree that it was fun.
Thomas Studanski should have slept well last night.
Because for the first time in his life is the boss of the Oberurseler brewing house yesterday with the wheel on Feldberg.
For the good cause.
The small Muskelkater can he wegstecken easy, especially as the participation in the 8th radeln on the Great Feldberg in favour of the association'aid to see children suffering ``(Frankfurt) also personally brought a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I now know that I can do that, fine."
Small quick break on the road in the applause curve?
Then, once I had stopped, have been warming's out...
As Thomas Studanski, sitting of Parliament for the CDU in Oberurseler city, tortured many of 718 participants in Frühtau yesterday to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy to the plateau.
Others, however, it was easier to overcome between Feldberg Hohemark and the good 11 km long route.
Norman Dießner, for example.
All of the Greens politician from the local authority - red dress in red, red bike - made at the start there is something to understatement ("Any amount professionals, arriving the goal!"), was then on the mountain but as a semi-professional and went through the goal after 45 minutes without Dyspnoe.
He is the route durchgefahren in one of you, like Nina Kuhn, Pressesprecherin Oberursel, the city on the way with Frank Grüneisen together.
On 457.164 159.811 29.723), for the two Triathleten 53.377 was the 40.200 ``Feldberg-radeln '64.716 42.620 not necessarily on a sporting challenge: 74.485, 32.697 ''Here it is 20.804 at 63.881 Charity, because we are keen to do with it - 18.646 99.427, 18.154 an exit' made in any case on 26.078 today we 68.206, 33.588 so Kuhn.
On the way they had met Paul Wenzel from Upper tyre mountain.
The boy (12) was strampeln again at the level of all hinuntergefahren Oberursel, in the morning.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz knurls had gathered in the morning at 9 p.m. at home in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg twice, and then to roll home with fun.
Fun also had "Fries-Toni."
For the head of the Oberurseler Kultkiosks Radtouren simply belong on the Feldberg.
He was adopted with its 6.5-kilo Rennrad 40 minutes.
An insane event.
For this purpose, because I like it, "said Andreas Balzke.
The durchtrainierte Mainzer claims that he is a'ambitious Rennradler.
He must also be, because he was travelling with the "Fixie-wheel" that are also racing bikes, but without circuit...
There was also without wheel loose upwards, proved not only the 20 hikers, who grew up on the white wall and the fox dance to the summit, but also a joggers, of a car tyres on a cord with weights behind Duke.
Mountain Rescue Service-doctor Professor Volker Lischke, who was with his team, equipped with all-wheel-bully and Quad, for safety, said: "The performance of" I from Frankfurt, trained for a special sleigh Trail, only that he prefers the sled halt itself. "The man is in his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and so many like never before - had been sent in groups on the track in the morning.
The hikers at 9.30 a.m. first.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes after starting the first Mountainbiker.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association was "cycle on the Great Feldberg," race commands and wish the participants have a nice trip.
For next year, I hope that it will be able to block the safety of the participants, including the section on the Feldberg.
