The Prime Minister of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in minutes in his first major foreign visit since his election victory in May to discuss economic and security relations.
Mr Modi is located on a five-day trip to Japan, in order to strengthen the economic relations with the world's third-largest economy.
Plans for greater nuclear cooperation are at the top of the agenda.
According to reports, India also hopes on a contract for defence cooperation between the two nations.
Karratha police arrested 20-year-olds to faster motorcycle chase
A motorcycle was seized after the driver had driven it with 125 km / h in a 70km / h zone and scrublands to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic police in Karratha tried to stop this morning, a blue motorcycle after they had watched it, as it left a petrol station on the bath Road date with 125 km / h.
The police reported that the driver was then ignored the mounting signals and continue on the Burgess Road, before he lost sight in the bushland abbog, where officials there.
The motorcycle and a person who matched the description of the driver were later seen at a house in Bulgarra Walcott Way.
The police believe the failure of a 20-year-old man accused of Karratha signal and reckless driving.
He will appear before the District Court in Karratha on September 23.
The motorcycle was secured and confiscated for three months.
George Webster accused of rape in Naim and Pitlochry hotel
A man is on trial for the rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, was read out the charges at a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow.
He is accused of having raped a woman in Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on 7 June 2013.
The indictment states that Webster attacked her while she was unconscious, slept, and could signal a consent. "
Webster is also alleged to have raped a second woman in Naim's Golf View Hotel in the Scottish Highlands on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the trial date for November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Going back to the American ideal of labour rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have tabled a bill to establish the organization of trade unions as a civil right.
"Die, die as unions and the middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota and vice-chairman of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
So I am proud, together with the civil rights icon John Lewis, the employee Ermächtigungsgesetz before.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal options with discrimination because of the organization of trade unions and other forms of discrimination - and stops set so anti-union forces.
The addition of the national labor law, to create an opportunity for discriminating against abandoned workers to organize a union representation, to bring to justice in a civilian court - and to receive compensation or criminal money - is a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - certainly not by American standards.
Indeed, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of the bill suggest the link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks, which were exposed to the trade unions in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - to have encouraged Americans once countries around the world to recognise labour rights and respect.
There was a time in which millions of Americans remember, when this country called democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right of association in the same breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution, which should ensure that the militarized autocracy Hedki Tojos would be replaced by democracy.
In full awareness of the fact that the workers and their unions took a role in the creation of a new Japan, they used a language that are explicitly recognized that guarantees workers' rights of association and collective bargaining and action. "
When the United States occupy Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff pushed the Germans, to write a constitution that would ensure that the fascism Adolf Hitler would be replaced by a strong democracy.
In recognition of the fact that the workers would have to organize and should raise their voice in the new nation, the Germans added a clause, which explicitly testified: "The right to form associations to secure and improve labor and economic conditions will guarantee every individual and every profession or trade.
Agreements that restrict this right or seek to diminish it are null and void; measures aimed to are illegal.
When the former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt held the presidency of the International Commission on Human Rights, designed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as it was taken over by the United Nations as a global agreement in 1948, Roosevelt and the other authors added a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form unions to protect its interests or to join them."
For generations, Americans accept the basic premise that labour rights are human rights.
As other countries in this country could advised how to shape civilian and democratic societies, told Americans that the right to the establishment of a union - and that the union could then take part in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government agencies - must be protected.
After these rights in America come under attack, it is actually very wise to lead the American ideal in mind that working people must have the right to unite and to make themselves heard in a free and open society.
Fifty years ago, as Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. said:
The story is a great teacher.
Now all know that the labor movement is not suppressing the strength of the nation, but they grew.
By raising the living standards of millions of people, work miraculously created a market for the industry and the nation as a whole increased to unimaginable levels of production.
Forget those who attack the work these simple truths, but they kept the story.
The story recalls, and we should do this.
The formal recognition of the work rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights and protection against discrimination in the creation of workers' representatives - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that have made America great in the past and the promise of democracy einlösten.
Judge stops temporarily law that all abortion clinics in Louisiana could force the closure
A US federal judge stopped on Sunday for the implementation of a law in Louisiana, the lawyers say that it probably would have led to the closure of the state's five abortion clinics.
This measure, which was raised from Bobby Jindal, the governor of Louisiana, in June to the law and to enter into force on Sep 1, would force doctors who perform abortions to acquire a patient receiving right in a hospital within a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that doctors can continue to perform legal abortions for the time being, while they apply for such a right.
"The plaintiffs can continue to work according to the law, as they seek to obtain these rights," John deGravelles federal judge wrote in his ruling.
Within a month, scheduled a hearing for the judge to bring about a more permanent decision for the law.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures and said that doctors gained more time to gain rights to hospital admissions.
"Today's decision means that the women in Louisiana escape a devious law that they want to take their health and their rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairman of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which had sued on behalf of three of the state's five clinics, in order to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the ruling also extended to the doctors from two hospitals, which has not joined the lawsuit and had also applied for the rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws and courts have recently declared unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi for such measures.
Key points of a law in Texas, which would have forced the closure of most of the remaining clinics in the state, were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion supporters and the American College of Ostretricians and high impact violence, as well as the American Medical Association say unanimously that the rights of doctors are demanding unnecessary restrictions.
Keep abortion opponents counter that the measures serve to protect the health of women, although some also welcomed the impact of a closure of clinics.
Only a doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana, has Patienteineinweiserechte, told the center for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the state be forced to carry out any more abortions, this doctor would no longer perform the operation out of fear for his safety, the group said.
In their arguments against the ruling, representatives of the state of Louisiana said that they would not punish doctors for the implementation of abortion, while their applications on Pati duck against rights were still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatments lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have online a video tribute to her mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
For women in rural areas of Australia, there is a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australians, where ovarian cancer was found in 2005, and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
The research director Susan Jordan from QIMR mountain Hofer Medical Research Institute said that for those who lived in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study was about 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs could slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers studied the health care of women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of a woman in the diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, existing previous illnesses, as well as the social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
For older women and those whose cancer was already at a more advanced stage at diagnosis time, the survival rate was the lowest.
For those living in rural and remote regions of the state, the mortality risk during the study was about 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study was not investigated why women living outside the city with a higher likelihood died of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan claimed a late diagnosis and the lack of access to the best treatment centres as possible factors.
"This disease is best dealt with by gynaecological oncologists, and these are usually found in major cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services in order to counter the distances they had flown as a possible remedy for a strengthening of the service to provide doctors, in order to give the opportunity to specialists, women closer to their place of residence, and treatment programs for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said that the study showed a poor long-term survival rate for women with ovarian cancer regardless of geographical status and emphasized the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The study funded by Rio tinto Ride to conquer Cancer is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013 Beaufort Neave, a young mother of 33 years of the Gold Coast learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres regret falling pay homeowners
The decline, along with a greater decline in the number of homeowners under 35 years could lead to garden centres, today's young consumers lose tens of thousands of pounds per year, according to a study of the HTA, as reported in the Financial Times, the "nuclear age group for garden products."
The report says that tenants are spending an average of 55 percent of the amount people spend with housing for their garden.
The rise of people who live in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popular procedures, front gardens to park purposes of bitumen and the declining garden size, other factors that threaten the industry will be implemented in the estimated £5 billion a year in sales.
In the Greater London area, where the proportion of home owners over a period of six years has fallen from 61 to 43 percent, the lowest expenditure for garden products per household will be reported.
The HTA and the Royal horticultural Society indicate that housing for rent or small gardens do not mean that people can draw no plants.
Guy barter, chief horticultural adviser for the RHS said: "Container gardeners is very popular among tenants, for example, because they can take their plants in a move."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of the garden retail trade due to rising homeowners pay and economic prosperity of the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He predicted for this year and an improved market situation because of better weather after harsh weather conditions in March and April of last year.
The protest movement led by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the cleric Tahirul Qadri in Pakistan continues.
In the capital Islamabad, about 1,000 demonstrators stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers had the protesters Ti more but can push back from PTV buildings.
The broadcaster said its operation for about 40 minutes, sends out again in the meantime.
At the same time, about 3,000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a kilometre away of them provided they are equipped with sticks and stones clashes with security forces.
The police tear gas.
The protesters demanded the resignation of Sharif rejects it.
The country's army warned meanwhile to a political solution to the conflict, "without wasting time and without the use of force."
After a meeting in the headquarters on Sunday evening told the military, "the army remains committed to its role to ensure the security of the state."
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already taken more frequently.
The opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Premier Sharif of having cheated in the parliamentary election in May of last year.
The protests have escalated over the weekend after Khan and Qadri had urged their supporters, to Sharif residence.
Three people were killed.
Turkey ordered a US diplomat spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry, the country's longest US diplomats on information for a report on American and British spy in Turkey has been called in.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the business owner of the US embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The intercept reported that the former US analysts of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a main activity area for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report and said that all major countries are mutually ausspionierten.
An earlier report that Germany's main intelligence had targeted in Ankara, the Turkish government caused clear verärgertere reactions.
Warning strike: Train drivers threatening consequences for commuters
The driver's nationwide warning strike on Monday evening could also affect the movement in NRW.
The strike affects all carriers, including the national, regional and S-Bahn traffic nationwide, announced for 18 to 21: 00
The main thrust of the warning strike is the transport of goods.
Photo: A. Burgi / archive
The district chairman of the union of German locomotive engineer (GDL), Sven Schmitte, said in Düsseldorf.
We expect significant cuts.
It does not give regional priorities.
The main thrust of the warning strike was the freight.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced to do everything in order to minimise the impact.
The GDL have not said where they wanted to strike, so that it is difficult to foresee the consequences.
Police chief of Magaluf accused of corruption
The prosecutor went to the office of the prosecutor of Mallorca Calvià evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city on Friday.
The chief of police of Calvià on the holiday island of Majorca was arrested on corruption charges of businessmen and pick in the notorious binge-King-hotspot in Magaluf.
Chief Commissioner Jose Antonio Navarro was after corruption charges against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street in which most bars and nightclubs of Magaluf are taken into custody.
According to the online newspaper Mallorca Diario Calvià laid the prosecutors in the office of the public prosecutor for corruption of Majorca on Friday evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city.
Two other local police officers have been arrested in connection with corruption charges by the Spanish Guardia Civil and will be questioned by a judge, together with Navarro.
The national Spanish newspaper ABC reported that the Burmese government disgruntled night club owner, the cronyism of the authorities have a serious impact on their business.
"It is no longer about the money, it is about survival," said one of the businessmen of the court.
Let our livelihood from the game.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines in 18 years of British tourist was shown in this summer due to a viral YouTube videos, which operated fellatio on 24 men during a family trip.
The island authorities have since tried to stop the misconduct alkoholisierter holidaymakers in Magaluf, was minimized by the number of participants in the notorious alcohol soaked pub crawls.
The Playhouse Club, in which the Fellatiovorfall took place, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and the pubs tour organizer carnage have to pay a penalty of €55,000 ($73,000) together.
The tourist resort of Magaluf, which is especially popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of accidents under the influence of alcohol, including the trend of "Balconing," in which people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first spring day with wet and stormy weather conditions affected flights from Adelaide Airport
The spring has brought a wintry surprise in South Australia, with heavy showers and strong winds affected flights from Adelaide airport.
In the evening until 9 p.m. further 5mm of rain fell on the city, after 6,6mm that were already gone down in the night on Sunday.
The last rainfall was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a casting, which began shortly before 8 p.m. and was almost 4mm rainfall in about 10 minutes.
After last week's winter had ensured an early dose of spring, temperatures in the city fell again on Monday to a maximum of just 15.8 ° C.
The böigen weather conditions have probably led to the delayed landing of a flight of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was supposed to land shortly after 7.30 p.m., but was hit by a wind shear - a sudden change in wind speed and direction over a short distance - and had to run through.
Wind gusts reached about 50 km / h on the ground at the Adelaide Airport at this time.
The flight data showed that the plane had to start with a second landing by finally around 20.40 p.m. set.
The flight delay led to the delay in the wake of some other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and Hoschar AG-flight from Sydney.
A maximum temperature of 16 ° C on Tuesday is forecast for Adelaide, with possible showers.
Matthies says: Time to a large network
Given the galloping technological progress, which threatens to turn our cosy home in high-tech halls, our columnist Bernd Matthies comforting themselves with a very familiar electronic accessories.
As I write this, my view of the spiral cable that connects the listener with the phone, and I think: Boah, as retro is that?
But there is a point behind it: If the cable would not would fly in the shortest possible time around all the listener mercenaries in the house, and that would be significantly more retro.
Already applies to the disgust Tron (Tron disgust?
No, typos: Electronic) sector is the rule that today's world premiere of electrical waste of tomorrow, bought - outdated.
And who, for example, still has a tube TV in the living room, saying only that he is opposed to television as a matter of principle.
Why these considerations?
Because the IFA Andrängen am Funkturm this week to regain our absolute incompetence in matters of electronics.
To the layman, in the past, washing machine and CD player blind dominated, today do not even understand the purpose of the devices with incredible eitlem Expertensprech spread before him: "Connected home, award celebration, Health Care and Urban Technologies" promises the press office.
Yes, go?
What should you talk with people who apparently spread such quark voluntarily?
Basically, it is above all that we kindly to connect our house for about 20 years.
So the yogurt ordered by itself, so that the fire alarm on holiday in the Maldives tells us that in the work room degree burns.
And it would be wonderful if we from the office of the air-conditioning on our early arrival...?
Yes, it is, however, an air-conditioning.
But a dream will certainly be true: We lift our watch, say it out loud, "suck!" - and home runs the vacuum cleaning robots.
Misleading.
All amounts to nothing less than a revolution: "Blurring the boundaries between white and brown goods," raunt an industry experts, you can connect the washing machine with a set of headphones, the steam garer sends the weather forecast and the data glasses indicates how long the pizza in the oven still needs, but nothing is, because we are in a traffic jam.
From the daily practice, we also know that, if a neumodisches device is urgently needed, the battery is empty.
Another reason is that the spiral cable on the phone will survive the next radio shows.
Israeli children return back to their schools after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from the areas in the vicinity of the Gaza Strip returned back to the schools on Monday, after they had spent the summer in air shelters, while rocket and mortar fire went down to their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza and the schools remained closed, while the area is recovering from the fighting.
The school start brought communities in southern Israel drawn by the rocket shot holes with a sense of joy and expectation, but the signs of the battles are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod remote employees of the "Pashosh" -Kindergartens, which was hit by a rocket, before the arrival of pupils shrapnel shards from the walls and sliding walls.
"We have a little bit of fear, but are excited," said Ronit Bart, Anwohnerin in the caves of Saad and local English teacher.
Many children in our area urgently need a return to a routine.
Their 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a bit strange" suddenly to go back to school.
"These were difficult times, and we have not even gone out of the house," she said.
President Johns Hopkins researchers Rivlin visited the caves near the border with Gaza, in order to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire in the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities like Saad remained in their homes or left their homes to safer areas further removed from Gaza and escape the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Ein Oz, a town near the border with Gaza, a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar grenade, are still with the return.
The Ministry of Education said that about a dozen families had not yet returned.
Their children were temporarily housed in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town to Gaza, which is badly scarred by Palestinian fire.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot, and said "we will make sure that you get their knowledge and offer security."
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday on a permanent cease-fire.
The cease-fire caused an immediate end to the fighting; important issues remain unresolved, such as Hamas's demand for a lifting of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel is calling for the disarmament of Hamas and the transfer of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
More than 2,100 Palestinians have been killed in the war, three-quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children according to estimates of the Palestinians and the United Nations.
Israel disputes this information and estimates that at least half of those killed are fighters, but presented no concrete evidence for this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4.591 rockets and mortar shells at Israeli cities during the fighting, the majority in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and some 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 UN schools that have been turned into temporary protection areas.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and the fight continues, the education authorities last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school is open again soon, so that we can continue to learn, as the children in the world and the Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After the election in Saxony CDU deputy Strobl, NPD-ban process into question
Given the loss of votes of the NPD in Saxony CDU-Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl has called for an end to the ongoing NPD ban procedure in the constitutional court.
Berlin - The CDU Federal Deputy Thomas Strobl should find an end to the current ban against the NPD in the constitutional court.
"The NPD performs worse than last time," said Strobl, who is also the CDU-country chief in Baden-Württemberg, the Leipziger Volkszeitung. "
This is a welcome development in the right direction and a development that makes me come to the conclusion that the NPD fought politically and not before the Constitutional Court.
The NPD has been very close to the five-percent hurdle in the vote on Sunday.
A first attempt was for a ban on the far-right party in 2003 had failed, because the Constitution protect whistle-blowers in the NPD leader at the time.
In December 2013, the Federal Council after a long preparation filed a new request in Karlsruhe.
Government and parliament, do not.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At Neuländer Square refugees are now housed in tents.
The initial reception center for refugees in Harburg bursts bursting at the seams.
Now the inner authority has set up three tents of the Red Cross in addition.
The district politicians were only informed shortly before that - they are less enthusiastic.
"These actions do-fuel further reservations of citizens and give the district no opportunity for politicians to contribute constructively to the humane accommodation of refugees," says Britta Herrmann, group chairman of the Greens in Harburger Assembly district.
Her party calls for the district administration Harburg currently unused houses for accommodation available.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
Reasons for the overcrowding in the reception are seeking the onslaught of aid - and the fact that the authorities cannot provide enough places in community facilities.
So many refugees remain longer than the usual three months.
The house prices have seen the strongest winter increase in seven years, shows a widely observed index.
The RP Data Core Logic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital rose by 1.1 percent in August, according to the RP Data on Monday.
By this rise is the overall increase in June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices stood at 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not spread evenly across the country.
The RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that Sydney and Melbourne driving a two-pronged market.
The figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose by 16.1 percent last year, in Melbourne by 11.7 percent against.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale, Canberra, which has been hit hard by the cuts in government spending and where prices rose by only 1.4 percent over the year.
Mr Lawless said further that the beginning of spring now would be an increase in real estate for sale to watch for the next few months, would be "a real test" of the market.
"If you look at the persistently high rate of auction prices, a quick sale rate in general and the persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will continue to rise in the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the New Press he contradicts statements of the business leader Peer Medau and attests to this, "Mr as a field" pose.
This is not the style of the university, says in the statement.
So the family Medau had already been "verbally informed about the idea of the university in mid-June.
The statement that the plans were first announced in July, are definitely wrong, "so Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that the plans is not "Vorfestlegungen or even decisions," it "preferences."
The development required for the entrance of the narrow road up to the castle was less dramatic than the Medaus fear.
A nine-metre-wide road was and is not the speech.
It is the current state of 5.50 meters, which is a meter wide than before, "explains Pötzl.
The argument of the Medau operators that their free and its own parking areas in the future will only be used by students of the university, will not apply Pötzl.
Parks will not solve anything, because that as with other public parking spaces become intelligent.
Think of the residents
The crèche mountain IMP, located on the site and on their doorstep would lead along the access road to the parking deck, "according to the university president should not be affected."
Rather, it is to remember that, "it is not only about the nursery, but also about the residents at the junction of the Friedrich-Streib Street and the 800 students of neighbouring Primary School.
It is so much more than vested interests of Mr Medau, "so Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents Advisory Board of the nursery, with the expansion of the road would be one of the few natural spots Coburgs lost was "entitled," the reader can decide for themselves. "
At the beginning of October to Pötzl together with the State Bauamt Bamberg inform the city councils of the structural development of the university by 2020 and raise the importance of the new development in this regard. "
Peer Medau last week had informed the parents of the nursery on the plans of the university.
The approach of the new parking deck should not continue to lead on the campus and the Friedrich-Streib Street, but on the Medau mountain.
This would have to be expanded the narrow road about a kilometre length two lanes.
According to the projections Medaus would make the traffic in the park of the castle high rock tenfold.
There is talk of about 2,000 vehicles a day.
The city was not yet comment on the project.
Glan village comes back from handball team
Holger Glan village will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old from the German giants SG Flensburg-Handewitt led for this decision especially health problems.
The decision is not easy to me, it is matured for several months.
It is time for me to listen to my body's signals and to end my career in the national team, "said the 2007 world champion on his Facebook page.
He therefore play with a record of 167 countries and 576 goals for Germany in the international retirement.
Because the throw huge rear space player wants to go hunting for a few years in the Champions League winner from Flensburg gates, he is now the new Federal Coach Dagur Dagur Sigurdsson is no longer available.
With the Icelanders, who announces his squad for the game against Switzerland on Tuesday, Glan village held a "long and good conversation.
His ideas and approaches have impressed me as much as they will also inspire my players and my successor.
But for my club, I would also be available in the next few years in good health, for longer regeneration breaks are required, which does not allow the current double burden.
The left-handed, 2012 after a heel infection must fear at the end of his career.
Because of Achilles problems he had to be treated by the German Handball Federation (DHB) Teamärzten with a Cortisonspritze, which later had triggered a strong inflammation.
An emergency operation and two other interventions followed.
Then, Glan village had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor, the confrontation ended with a comparison.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years national team career go past a body without a trace.
I have some health sites that I can no longer ignore.
After the three infection-related foot surgery, the 2012 at short intervals, I have never really got my blood pressure under control.
These are some others wear-related complaints.
At the beginning of the year, I realised that I control my head, but my body cannot be fooled, "said Glan village in an interview to the magazine" handball Time. "
For a comeback, he would be ready only in an emergency.
"If all else tear, I am always willing to talk," the dual father told the magazine.
However, the years in which I can still play handball, I can count on the fingers of one hand.
I must also say that I am also become quite humble after my long hospital stay in 2012, and my health is concerned.
In my career, I can just go at least some.
In addition to the 2007 World Cup title and the Champions League in 2014, he took the EHF Cup in 2008 (HSG North Horn) and 2010 (already supplied by payment solutions AG).
In 2012, he is also the World Cup with Flensburg.
Germany's economy shrank by 0.2 percent in the spring
The crises around the globe have slowed the German economy in the second quarter.
Gross domestic product fell by 0.2 percent from April to the end of June 2014 compared to the prior quarter.
The shared by the Federal Statistical Office and confirmed preliminary estimates.
The consumption alone revived the economy in the spring, while the investment went backwards.
The trade also let the economy.
Thanks to the strong year sample results for the first half of an overall GDP growth of 0.8 percent over the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the goal of "Münsterland-Mooiste," the city on Sunday for the first time by the man.
Man City Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "Fietzenfahrer" on Sunday.
The biggest cycling federation in the Netherlands, NTFU, held the so-called "Münster country-Mooiste."
This handet is the largest bike ride across the Münsterland cyclists paradise, close to the Netherlands.
More than 1,000 participants thanked their registration in Jos Ter Huerne for the organisation of this tour through the Münsterland.
"This tour was interested in various journals.
We come from Den Helder and are driven overnight to participate in this tour.
We want to get to know the Münsterland also in this way again, "rejoiced the cyclists on the route through the circles Steinfurt, bark and Coesfeld.
After the registration, protect the club's brother, Sta.
She was on a small "peace" ride through the city on the Wall, where the launch took place.
Further, the route, which was advertised for three different categories, in the direction of gentlemen and wood on the Schöpp Inger Berg in the direction of Coesfeld and Havixbeck Billerbeck back after Horstmar.
On routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 metres, 120 kilometres with 1475 m elevation and 145 kilometres with 1775 of altitude, the cyclists demonstrated their good condition.
Verpflegt they were traveling in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
The main organizer Jos Huerne and Mayor-Heinz Lölfing representatives were delighted with the success of this cycling events.
We are happy and it was a wonderful experience for all involved.
The organization was completed without problems, and there were no adverse events, "Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately, not as many participants as the organizers had hoped for, what was probably in the bad weather forecasts and the morning rain.
"We see us again in 2015 to hopefully good weather on August 30 or during a weekend," promised the cyclists to come back into the Münsterland yet again, and the organizers are planning a repeat.
Konstantin Weckers ruthlessly honest memoir
It is actually more philosophical testimony as a biography that Constantine alarm clock, songs, a pacifist, political activist, ex-prisoner, "monk and warrior" on 287 pages put on paper.
Not chronologically, but more thought scraps for scraps of thought, written on June 1, born in 1947, his memoirs in Munich, each chapter initiated by a suitable song text.
And he is brutally honest: From the Onanie as high school student to shoplifting and drug use, he leaves no human weakness.
Also, to demonstrate how he himself has learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow human beings.
Broad areas are too abstract, but even more important concepts: Love, soul, ego, Being in Now, spirituality - all that he tried to go to the bottom, in a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he also explained his pacifism, social criticism, his political commitment - and also, as it has shaped not only the music (the opera lovers was the soul and rock musician), but also his prison stay.
The latter has brought the man Konstantin alarm clock live closer to the ascetic monk, "by subtraction" is, as he says, "by all unnecessary has omitted."
There are also short anecdotes between all the highly intellectual views on earth: A tree about beatings in a restaurant frequented by [or a crazy drive in which he head-on target.
Here, too, he is brutally honest.
Lenny Henry: My father has never taken me in the arm.
Has never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children of a family Jamaica Cuban immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father died when he was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearsing for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and emerged from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work through some difficult childhood moments.
He visited "many" therapies after the death of his mother, and Henry is thoughtful about his relationship with his father.
It was difficult to know him.
You never saw his face, only heard his voice: "Hearing with the crash.
Let your sister in peace.
Beweg you!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were already grown up, when I was a child - went with him in the pub and talked about things, such as the shape of the beer glass or the beauty of a cricket strike.
I have never had such a conversation with him.
A large part of my life, he was a serious guy in the corner, the newspaper.
Recently opened a foundry in Dudley, and although the conditions are better than at the time of his father, Henry won it with an insight into how life may have been for him.
It is now a little brighter, but they are dark, cheapest, deep stygische maze with flames shock and smoke and soot.
My father was simply earlier in the tub and then you could hear him slowly, as he began to sing, because he could wash the foundry.
When I went around there, I realized that he had done so for years, in order to bring the food on the table, and my respect for him has been growing.
However, Henry grew without stuff of love to his parents as a child.
My father never embraced me, he never said "I love you."
Only when my mother went badly towards the end of their lives, we began to say "I love you, I love you, I love you '.
By his own daughter Billie, Dawn French, he could share the love that he had missed as a child.
Could you let's stop with the "I love you"?
Hearing but to embrace me!
Dad, I am 22.
With Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
It is still friends with French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I was very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said "you have to be radical.
So I moved through this thing and has also had to make a drastic diet, in order to reverse the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is exhausting.
No one likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change is perhaps evident in his elegant, short cut.
Since he was praised by critics for his masterpiece, he is captured by the theater.
It was followed by The comedy of errors, and then fences of August Wilson.
This is a different experience from the sitcoms and comedies that have filled his busy working life.
He started with only 16 years, when he was working in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on the stage, when he wrote persons and imitation of New Faces about him.
His television career began in the mid-1970s. "I was the only black impersonator / comedian on television for a very long time."
He was at work.
I had to not only be large in the eyes of the public, but also learn from 1975 to 1985, as I could be an effective jokes-narrative-machine, while I was a star on television, and it was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 in New Faces
As his manager had the stage right to the Black and White alternatively show, a light entertainment, in which the people "black anmalten," Henry led to his comedy there over five years.
My family was very unpleasant.
Somehow, I wish that it would never happen, but I regret that I have done it.
It was a strange, awkward position for me, but I worked on big projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "years of award-winning light pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
With the introduction of characters, which celebrated the British black culture as both a mock, Henry worked on an alternative comedy circuit in the 1980s.
The first series of Lenny Henry Show went on air in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as the chef Gareth Black lock in the comedy series leader, among other things.
Advertising, documentaries, TV series and movie roles characterized his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "What are you doing next, Len, because everything feels like, when you're only time rum or join a little bit on the spot."
Then came a documentary series for Radio 4 titled What's So Great About...?
The first episode revolved around Shakespeare.
I was downright allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never right in the school learned something about him and held him for a domain of the middle class, whites in tights and a cabbage at the front.
So I had great fear.
All that we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "You should try it again.
It is not a bad thing, if you don't know what you talk to.
Put a couple of words in the mouth, and then you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry led 20 lines from Othellos last speech for the documentary, he was thrilled.
I had the feeling that I could do this.
It was almost as if someone had his head finally set up correctly.
"That is what is at stake, it is a serious thing, take them seriously, your text, recherchiere wrote a bit.
The samples were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we made it.
And it was a success.
They simply do not seem to expect a car accident, and this happened.
And soon joined in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed you." "
There was a technical error and Henry instinctively felt that he had to entertain the audience.
"A small voice told me" You must now bridge 10 minutes while the computer repair. ""
Instead, the stage director announced that the idea would continue once the problem is solved.
I went from the stage and something in me said 'Oh, thank God. "
I am not responsible for it.
I can leave it to someone else.
"You play in a play, so stay in your role."
Henry in fences on je Theatre
The text for fences to learn was demanding.
Panic is very good, that strengthens tendons.
It also sold well, so it is like a large sign of the gods that I say, 'This is your destiny. ""
He says this, of course, with a thundering voice.
So I will say it.
I really love it.
I love to be in a rehearsal room.
Henry but still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is crossed by humorous outbreaks, while he repeatedly people imitated.
I have decided to make a stand-up comedy, because I think that this kind of immediate gratification of a room full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you are looking for the swearing, leaves it against a wall.
I am sometimes live at the Apollo, if I want it, but overall, I am not as much as before.
I ask him whether he will ever make another stand-up comedy tour.
The fun that I was in a room with a director who helps to shape a beginning, a middle part and the end of a journey - I do not believe that I would ever give up again.
So is this his new incarnation?
I think so.
I am an actor.
It is fun.
You always tells a story, and this is great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Houthi rebels blocking roads in Yemen's capital
The conflict between the Yemeni government and Shiite Houthi rebels, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Houthi supporters have occupied central streets in Sanaa on Monday, a spokesman said the Houthi Party "Ansar Allah."
The entrance to Parliament had been blocked.
Yemeni media report of a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Shia Post" Houthi leader Abdul Malik al-Huthi had called on Sunday evening to the measures.
Huthi threatened with a further escalation of the conflict, according to the newspaper if its demands are not met.
The Shia Houthis are fighting for greater independence from the Sunni-ruled Yemen and are calling for the resignation of the government.
The Huthi tribe besieged the Yemeni capital for nearly two weeks.
Around 30,000 rebels have built protest camps in the main access routes of Sanaa.
In the countryside, it is always bloody battles with the Yemeni army.
Kenya registered officials to curb "spirit range,"
Kenya has begun to register all biometrisch state officials to delete "spirit range" from the government.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, would not pay more, was a government with division.
The government suspects that thousands of people even after their departure from the public service will receive salary payments.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised when he took office in 2013, to combat corruption in the public service.
In a test at the beginning of this year, it was found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month in payments for "spirit range," and other abusive financial practices were lost.
The government suspects that salaries continue to be paid into accounts, after a person has died or leaves the public service, Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC reports from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear in the next two weeks for identification centres, to ensure that their data be included on the biometric registration, was announced in a government news.
All this would not be without a credible excuse would be removed from the payroll, was the communication.
"Through this approach is contributed significantly to the rationalisation of public service, will be determined by the actual number of officials and the payroll will be adjusted on both levels of government - the" ghost employees "will be eliminated," said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry of decentralization and planning.
The scandal surrounding the art adviser Helge Thun will be negotiated for the first time in court on November 11.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of ALDI founder Theo Albrecht, demand 19.4 million euros in damages in a civil suit at the Düsseldorf Regional Court of Thun and two of his companies, which are located in bankruptcy proceedings.
It told a court spokeswoman on Monday.
According to the complaint, Thun have betrayed the purchase of works of art and vintage cars and charged Berthold Albrecht higher than purchase prices actually paid.
This is also the commission higher.
Thun have bought for valuables 121 million euros for Albrecht.
Children need roots and wings
He was 44 years in school service, 23 of them as a school leader.
From that time, Manfred Richter knows many hardend Peter domestic and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always worn by his desire to see the students to the people.
The Snezka is the most famous mountain of the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the theme from his home country.
Judge was born in 1930 in Trautenau / North Bohemia, Trutnov today.
At 14 he was himself after four years of secondary school for the teaching profession.
A year later, the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their house.
It came after a few months in a camp in Bavaria in 1946 - in freight wagon.
So it convinces judges to the Upper FRÄNKISCHE reduce village.
The teacher education took place in Bamberg.
Manfred Richter six times per week run 10 kilometers to the next station, had to travel by train to Bamberg, where three kilometres across the entire city to go to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred judge a sleeping opportunity in a Red Cross shelter in Bamberg, along with up to 15 classmates in a dormitory.
In 1951, he made the first and the second state examination in 1954 after three years teacher candidates.
Since Upper Franconia had no free teacher point for him, he applied himself to Upper Bavaria and came to the school in Kollbach on November 1, 1954.
The "Miss-room," was his first "service" in the school house.
In 1958, he was a three-bedroom apartment in new buildings teacher house next to the school.
This house bought Manfred Richter in 1980, after the school had been dissolved in Kollbach 1968.
In the meantime, there were three classes in school association Peter Mitte Kollbach and Peter, five in Kollbach.
From the 1968 / 69 school year they were grouped into Peter Mitte in today's town hall.
When the school board was founded in Indian village, remained only the primary school in the village.
In order to avoid a downgrading in the smaller school, the former chancellor George Sigl switched to Karl field - and Manfred Richter, his successor.
But Peter (grew, and so were the children and their teachers from September 1982 to today's construction, which was expanded after a judge retirement in 1997.
Manfred judge praises the generosity of then-Mayor Ludwig Götz, built on local costs in a basement workroom and enlargement of 1997, although this was not eligible for co-financing under the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Götz was very friendly," recalled are grateful to judges.
In his entire career, Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative, who had responded to a unit of a school Council on Law and Justice: "We must never forget the love." Manfred Richter began with what he had heard a young teacher.
"You must consider the two children: Roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to learn: "Do not always succeed." Whether he thinks his students, or just his own six children, is not entirely clear.
In any case, Judge Tun was sometimes unconventional.
If students apply to 1993, got it from him not a criminal work and were also ordered not to sit.
At the expense of the community, judges had two pairs Boxhandschuhe upgrade and left the two sides compete, even if it should be a violet.
For the sake of the school used judges as rector a good relationship for then-Mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
This was the partyless judge after his retirement in 1996 to stand at least as last on the CSU list for the council.
But judges was selected at number six and joined the CSU.
180 miles in three days
HR4-700 cyclists ride in the park by bath salt (and Scots stopovers a
If cyclists on their tour in bath salt (or Scots stopping, that in itself is nothing special.
On Friday, however, the number of stopping impression: The 700 participants of the hr4 bike ride alone and accompanying entourage enjoyed a break in the lower end of bath salts, and later a party in the open air in the country of old Castle Park.
Under the motto "cycle and celebrate on newly discovered ways between Nidda and Kinzig" had the participants met on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and witnessed a concert of Van Baker & Band.
On Friday it was taken seriously: The cyclist took the first stage, the 60 kilometers on FLOR city after bath salt, and continue to Scots in attack.
In bath salts, were the athletes of Mayor Hans-Peter Seum associated with the bicycle as mentioned before, and the head of the own operation bath salt in Bad Vilbel, Petra swing-Döring, welcomed.
The refreshment of body and mind had been prepared for all sorts of good things: The country had women from Ranstadt and low-mock city 85 sheets apple, Zwetschen-, streusel cake and cheese cake baked a mouth that the talented cyclists.
"These cakes can only bake country women," a participant from Aulendiebach praised, while he refused another piece.
The state of the sport association Geiß-Nidda could be purchased cold refreshments.
The "duo Bravo" led the visitors with well known arias from operas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful setting of the park was relaxing.
A man was also a head massage of his partner: "He deserves, because he has already secured abgesprungene bicycle chains."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the operational head still work: They were interviewed by reporters Rainer Janke at the fountain in front of the historical house and took the opportunity to advertise on the radio for bath salt sojourn.
Promotion chef Tobias Hagen, since the first hr4 bike ride in 2004 as a tour manager, also could just run out of steam, he still had plenty to do with the technology on the ground.
His pickup truck, in which he communicated through three phones and a radio with his staff and the 15-member motorcycle police squadron of Hesse, wrote Facebook entries and reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of participants comes from the Rhine-Main area," he told me, "but also from casting or Fulda, Lauterbach or the Taunus and even travelled from many cities in Westphalia cyclists.
The number of participants is a bit after the night capacity available.
In Category I, participants will be housed in hotels in Category II in collective accommodation.
The cyclist had a good impression when they departed again after an hour and a half from the resort: "Bye!"
"It was nice in bath salt!" She gained the departure.
After the arrival in Scotland, the group could insert a brief breather.
But, in the evening, called for the cyclist in the idyllic old Castle Park.
Under the direction of the company for tourism and city marketing Schott (GTS), the park had received a nice atmosphere and, of course, was prepared foods, such as the middle with well-chilled white feather.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS-CEO Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his role as a board member of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased with the "many operating in Scotland."
DJ Tobias Hagen was subsequently cleared the dance scene.
The opportunity to kick moving under the open sky, eagerly used in spite of physical activity on the bike.
Among the guests were increasingly citizens who were taken by the good mood, such as the large number of cyclists.
On the second day, the stations Birstein, Guardian Bach and bath orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern - for the cyclists were on the program.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of cycling together, met the athletes back in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police arrested for "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government in Turkey, reported local media agencies.
The police gave no immediate comment.
Among those arrested are 14 senior police officers, reports Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in the corruption investigations against government officials, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested because they had allegedly tapped an organized criminal association and phone numbers.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (Prime Minister at the time was) described their actions as part of the activities, which will be led by the Islamist clerics Fethulla Güllen against him and other people in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine are returning back to school
Schools opened almost everywhere in Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents Prime Minister Arsenij Jazenjuk brought his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists with that not all schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations.
Celebrate the September were not held in every school.
The sky is not all about Ukraine peacefully.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian Popular Front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slawjansk, visited the Jazenjuks subsidiary, spoke in Russian.
We hope that this will finally return to peace and that the children receive an education that they will be useful in other life.
The first day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated with the children wear embroidered shirts, balloons in the hands and their teachers give flowers.
With Rona fair Head, perhaps the BBC has found a great director, which it needs.
It is with a proud fame than from the banking world, the media management and the inner circle of the Tory Party.
And it has its own front experience.
Her career began in the global management consulting firm bain and Co., as they moved to Morgan Stanley, BOMBA canoe, ICI and the media world of pear's.
It was board chairman of the Financial Times for seven years and came back as the top post of the parent company went pear's to a younger male colleagues.
Their compensation was supposedly almost £1 million.
Their political ranking is sound.
David Cameron has been recommended by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, as it searched for more private knowledge in Whitehall: She was a consultant to the cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
In May, I described the job of chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC as a huge and complex entity in the heart of public life, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: Inside on the first guard of the BBC's own management hierarchy, but also to the outside world as the voice of public concern and anxiety, if things go wrong.
This makes for an almost unsustainable duopoly, which calls for a complete comprehensive reform.
But the incoming chairman would risk it, to stand on everything and disassemble an institution that is as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while he is perhaps even about his job.
It is a difficult task.
And as if that were not enough, even many are keen to see the BBC reduced - overtaken power, money and status.
While the competition is approaching old and new technologies threaten comfortable collateral is the upcoming trial of royalties for the BBC with special risks.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year, the British public is certainly the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: She says that they reached 96 percent of all households, and each of them costs only 40 pence per day.
And apparently, the BBC on the popularity scale back up: 53 percent support it today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The vision for the BBC and usage habits have changed: I get news headlines today on my mobile phone and see missed programmes later on the iPlayer.
But it remains a very considerable and beloved institution.
It needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found him.
Perry of Texas says that was not authorized derogatory tweet
A tweet from the official account of the Republican governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday included a disparaging remark about the democratic district prosecutor, which is the focus of a criminal indictment against him for abuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another Perry's account of the previous abstritt.
It has been sent out a tweet from my account, which was not authorised by me.
"I do not approve of the tweet and I deleted it," it said in a later message.
Perry staff responded immediately to requests for comments.
Although the tweets of Perry's official account were, it was not clear who actually used the feed.
In the previous tweet was painted an unfavourable image of the district prosecutor of Travis County, Rosemary clay mountain, who was convicted for drink-driving in April 2013.
Perry, a veto against a financial support of their offices when they refused to resign, which led to a charge against Perry - could be the possible 2016 presidential candidate - this month before a grand jury in Austin.
The text of the tweets reads: "I shall not always drunk with the triple permissible alcohol... but when I do, I accuse Governor Perry, if he ausplaudert."
I am the betrunkenste Democrat in Texas.
Clay's office was not charged with the direction of the investigation of the grand jury against Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleads not guilty and called the indictment a political ploy.
His high-class team of legal assistance requested by the judge tasked with the case, and reject the prosecution argued that the law that action is taken against the most senior governor in the history of the state of Texas is diffuse in every version.
Perry stopped $7.5 million in state money to the state's Public Integrity Unit, which is based in Travis County and determined in cases of corruption in Texas, as clay mountain refused to resign.
This veto caused a public complaint by a watchdog group on the left.
Perry's official account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After he had finished fifth in the 2012 election rallies in Iowa during his presidential candidacy, Perry went on speculation that he would stop, he posted a tweet a photo of themselves while jogging near a lake, with the words "South Carolina, we come!"
BERKELEY said housing market back to "normal"
One of London's most prominent developers pointed out that the housing market in the south-east of England returned to normal levels "."
Homes in the capital were hotly sought and subject to huge price increases, which led to the Bank of England due to the widespread fear of a credit bubble, in June to put limits on mortgage loans.
Tony Pidgley, founder and CEO of high-class Bauunternehmens Berkeley said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013," and added that this is a "stable environment" offer.
The housing market in London was well positioned during the downturn, because foreign buyers pushed in the capital.
According to the register office, prices in the city alone jumped last year increased by 18.5 percent, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
The average selling prices of Berkeleys private, cheap and student services rose by about a fifth last year and were at the end of April to £423.000.
However, a stronger pound has made property in London less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months - some of them have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "villas" tax before the general election next May.
The London estate agent Foxtons warned that the mortgage market report for April, which were introduced stricter lending rules in the past week, would also lead to lower market growth in both property sales as the prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England on Monday new data show a decline in the mortgage approval in July, which also indicates that the housing market is cooling.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, revised down its forecast for the rise in house prices in London for 2015 to 3 per cent, on the basis of an already flagging house price consciousness.
The transaction volume in London's most expensive areas such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington is now has fallen by a quarter year on year, according to the real estate agent wa Ellis.
However, the desire for a home in the capital is a boon to Berkeley, because the sums due to date sales amounting to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "The demand for the right, well-planned product in the best locations remained stable and, as a result, the futures sales remained stable."
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3.742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis.
The annual pre-tax profit rose by 40 per cent to £280 million, sales at 18 per cent to £1.6 billion annually.
In a statement on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr Pidgley said that the revenue for Berkeley in the current year would be expected to comply with the current market expectations.
Analysts estimate in the annual pre-tax profit to £450 million.
BERKELEY shares were trading in the afternoon in London at £23,96.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence by hackers published on the Internet
Jennifer Lawrence in the 85th Oscar award.
The Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence nude photos were published online by a hacker, who claimed to have a "master list" of images of 100 starlets.
A representative of the stars of "The Tribute of panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence are real and accused the hackers for "flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those that continue to post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally posted on the photo-sharing site 4chan, were allegedly obtained through a gap in Apple's iCloud online storage system. The alleged "master list" of hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, Buzzfeed reported.
It is not sure how many of the pictures are real, though Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim against the rest of the world" on Twitter also condemned the hack.
"To those of you look at photos that my husband and I have started years ago in a private environment of our house - I hope that you are really happy with you," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeonserien "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied, however, that the photos had pictures of her and two Tete "This so-called naked pictures of me are fake, people.
We are just at the beginning. * * pun intended.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman of the authenticity of the alleged photos of her abstritt popstar Ariana Grande.
An exclusive extract from Howard Jacob ons hochgelobtem new novel about love and the letter "J."
They zerflossen, one could best describe it, they are slowly on a box that you have in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he is too serious, exhausting, intense, aloof and perhaps kratzbürstig.
And he shook the hand.
Kratzbürstig knew it.
He was stachelig, such as hedgehogs, yes.
The last victim of the sting was just starting the affair had been promising for a reduction of the lonely boredom of his life than usual, and he might even have brought a degree of satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomon's was a trembling delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village on the North Island, which was even more remote and harsh as Port Reuben.
They had come with an older accompaniment to the south, held the Kevern for her aunt, and had inherited a property in a damp but heavenly valley with the correct name Paradise Valley.
Over several years, no one had lived in the house.
The pipes were taking, in the bathrooms were still spinning, nudibranchs had left their mark on all windows and believed that they belong to all of this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds, it looked like a huge cabbage.
It was like the house from a children's tale, both threatening and tempting, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the list for the Man Booker Prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced in the coming week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn Händchen contestants on the broken chairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon, both had a spirit absent slotted into the console, which provided the country with soothing music and soothing news crossed as the sight of her brown legs reminded him of an old song of a long forgotten black entertainer, and his father had listened in closed shutters in the House.
Your feet are too great.
Due to their own aggressiveness songs of this kind were not played more on the console.
Not banned - nothing was really banned - just not played.
It was successfully obsolesziert, such as the word obsoleszieren.
The general taste, which had never managed decrees and regulations, and how people vote in books, the memoir From-dish washer-to-millionaire cookery books and romantic novels, they chose the ballads in the music.
In the euphoria of the day began Kevern big feet to an imaginary piano to play and in a gross-Komische Serenade Ailinns besingen.
Ailinn do not understand this.
"This was a well-known song called a jazz pianist Fats Waller," he told her, and will automatically put two fingers to his lips.
That his father had always done, in order to stop the letter J, before he came out of his mouth.
It had begun as a game between him and his father, when he was still small.
His father had played it with his own father, he says.
If you put a word with a J website offpage without two fingers on your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very funny game, and it was also not very funny now.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what was jazz.
Ailinn had never heard what.
Jazz was not played, even if he was not directly prohibited.
This was no longer of improvisation.
It was the only place for a single "if" in life.
People wanted to be sure at the beginning of a melody, where they would end.
As well as the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically ausgedrückter mind.
Although he was 10 years old, without having heard of Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz of the semi-secret collection of old CDs of his father.
But at least he had to Ailinn not declare that Fats Waller was black.
At their age, they probably could not remember a time, in the Popsänger were not black.
That was again no laws or constraints.
A compliant society meant that every element of this society is grateful for the principle of groups agreed with talent, as the fate spared them.
People with Afro-Caribbean origin were suited by temperament and body for entertainment and sports, so sang and ran them.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent were blessed with electronic talent as by nature and were served with the task to ensure that no family remained without functioning telephone service.
Still, what was left of the Polish community cared about the sewers; what was left of the Greeks did plate.
Those from the Gulf and the Levant, whose grandparents did not leave the country quickly than what had happened, if IT happened geschah- for fear of being accused of Feuerschürens, even for fear that the flames would consume them next - had Labneh- and shisha pipe restaurants opened, kept in mind and have been depressed with the inaction.
Each according to his ability.
Because they had heard only ballads, it fell Ailinn difficult to understand how the offensive words, the Kevern's very front yard had ever could be set to music.
Music was an expression of love.
"They are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except perhaps for people whose feet are too big.
My father has never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him a false sense of security.
Nothing could overcome the soundproofing of huge cabbage leaves.
Ailinn still do not understand.
Why would your father should love something?
He wanted to say that it was a Jux, but hesitated to put two fingers to their lips again in their presence.
They already thought that he was a little strange.
"It was fun," he said to him instead.
She shook her head in disbelief and kept Keverns perspective.
There was nothing to see in the world, as her ungekämmtes pitch black hair.
There was nothing that otherwise he would want to see.
"If you say it," they mean no conviction.
But it never explains why you have me vorsingst.
They seemed genuinely concerned.
My feet are too big?
He saw yet again.
Your feet do so directly.
Perhaps your ankle, a little bit...
And then you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
You hate?
Of course I hate you.
This is just the silly song.
He could have said "I love you," but it was still too early.
"Your thick ankles are precisely the reason why you find me gefällst," he tried it instead.
I am a bit perverse.
That sounded not right.
It was supposed to be funny.
When he tried to be funny, he was often in trouble because, like his father, he does not have the soothing charm that you needed to goad the inherent cruelty in jokes.
Perhaps his father also wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps he wanted to be the, Kevern.
In spite of its kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomon's was red and arose from their deck chair, raised the console and buried the wine they had drunk.
Elder flowers of wine, drunkenness was no excuse for it.
In their excitement, they seemed to tremble, like palm fronds in the storm.
"And your thick head is precisely the reason why I am perverse feel attracted to you," she said.
Except that I am not at all.
They did him tired, both due to unnecessary unfriendliness showed his words as well as the fear in their eyes, as they revolted against him.
They thought that he would beat them?
She had not told him of his life on the cold northern archipelago, where they grew up, but he had no doubt that it was essentially such as here.
The same huge and icy ocean broke up here and there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and verdrießlicher after THE what had happened as it had been their ancestors as smugglers and wreckers, moved from pub to pub, always ready to raise a hand against a woman, refused to meet them or derided.
Thick head?
It would have shown a big fist, if not farewells.
They only Knut Chen - Knut Chen was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the vacuous love ballads from the console - they only beat Knut Chen and then.
Keverns believe it was an unnecessary refinement that Knut Chen was an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomon's gave him a sign to go through her body.
He arose from the deck chair as an old man.
They also felt bleiern, but the impact of his grief surprised them.
That was not the end of the world.
They knew very few.
They saw him as he removed himself - as he watched from a room on the top floor of their companion - a man, complained had provoked by something he himself.
Adam leaves the garden, they thought.
They felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against it.
A man turned on her, succumbed to his back, ashamed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why it was a sight that seemed to know them well, if they could not remember a single time, where they had seen something like this before the day before?
When she was alone again, looked Ailinn Solomon's on their feet.
An intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher on behalf of a number of years before the events, ESME Nussbaum, has just told Ofnow, the non-legislative oversight body for the public mood, in a short lecture on the continued violence in low and middle-level in exactly the areas in which they reduce, if not eliminate, most likely to be expected, given the money and energy that had been invested in the eradication of this violence.
"It was a lot done, and a lot still needs to be done," she wrote, "in order to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people that has won a thousand wars and most of them, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country in which the sweet breath of human kindness has historically been rarely felt despite the towering church towers between the hedges.
But some properties are ineradicable.
The higher the tower, it seems, the less the passion he still inspires.
The population cries while listening sentimental mental ballads enthralled with stories about overcome difficulties and claims to believe strongly in the virtues of marriage and family life, but it is not just the former rawness rural communities, as well as our urban fabric firmly in control, but there is also evidence for the emergence of a new and devious dispute is looking at home, at work, on the streets, and even on the playing fields.
"They have an unfortunate tendency to exaggeration," her mentor when he had read the entire report said.
I suggest that you read a few novels.
ESME Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask: Are you an atheist?
"I believe that I should not say that," said ESME Nussbaum.
Are you lesbian?
Re-appointed ESME on their right to privacy and denial of the statement.
A feminist?
Silence again.
"I do not," said Luther Rabinowitz, finally, "because I would be against atheism, Lesbentum or feminism.
This is a prejudice-free workplace.
We serve a prejudice-free society.
But certain types of hyper-sensitivity, which in themselves are absolutely unacceptable and commendable, occasionally can distort results, as you have presented to them.
They have obviously prejudices against the church, and these things that you describe as "disingenuous" and "raw" could be interpreted as well as an expression of strength and vitality of course by others.
If we continue on the riding around, what will happen if, as if it were, if it had happened, happened yesterday, IT IS done is to take the country's essential vitality.
ESME Nussbaum looked around, while Rabinowitz said.
Behind his head repeated the advice of an LED lettering in Flamingo Rosa Ofnow gave the country in the last quarter-century or more.
Smile on their neighbours, you value your partner, you will hear ballads, please visit musicals, use your phone, you, you, you hear, you agree to excuse yourself.
Talking is better than silence, the song is better than the written word, but nothing is better than love.
"I can absolutely understand what you want," ESME Nussbaum said in a quiet voice, as she was sure that her boss had spoken to an end, "and I say anything other than that we are still not healed as effectively as we fool ourselves.
My concern is that without notice of us, we may find, as we repeat the mistakes that led to disclose what will happen if IT IS done in the first place.
This time, but not the other, in which we miss our anger and mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz form a pyramid with the hands.
To indicate a patience.
"They go too far," he said, "if you describe the actions as a" mistake "that our grandparents may or may not have committed.
They go too far, if you say that they had left their "anger" and their "distrust" of "other".
It should not be necessary to remind someone in your position that we understand the past, such as the protection of the present, not to speak of "us" and "other".
There was no "we" and there was no "others."
It was a time of disorder, this is what we know.
"From the, if we are honest with ourselves," dared ESME smash, "no part of the society can claim to have behave well.
I accuse anyone.
Whether it was done badly or well, what happened, happened.
That was then.
Nothing has to be said - as we are in agreement.
And just as no blame must be assigned, no debt must be repaid, if such a repayment would be appropriate and if there were a way to wipe them.
But what is the past, if we do not learn from it -
The past is designed to ensure that we forget it.
If I may say something -
Luther Rabinowitz, his pyramid coincide.
"I will remember her report," he said and dismissed them.
The next day, when she went to work as usual, it has been overtaken by a motorcyclist, who described as passers-by, was driven into a kind of "brutal rage" on the footpath.
There are coincidences.
Lesotho-military member says that no coup is planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Officials of the military in Lesotho struggled to have planned a coup to overthrow the government and said that they decry against police, which is accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled out of the country and said that the country's army surrounded his official residence and have occupied government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The Premier brought his family in the neighboring South Africa, after he had reported assassination threats.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was no coup de facto, but that the military on the threat from "political fanatics" respond, arming them by the police.
"What happened this morning was that the scale of the Defense Forces of Lesotho acted after he had received several intelligence reports that some elements within the police act that actually wanted to arm some of the political, partisan young fanatics who were poised to wreak havoc," he said on Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said that the military action had made the impression of revolution.
"Although no one has claimed to have hijacked the government through violence, are all reports agree that the activities of the Defense Forces of Lesotho has so far show signs of a coup," he said.
The military spokesman of Lesotho announced on Sunday that soldiers should return to their barracks and the situation was calm in the capital.
In the meantime, the Deputy Premier Mothetjoya Metsing governance during Thabanes absence.
Thabane said that he believes that he had become a target because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
In Lesotho, there was great tension since June after Thabane suspended parliament sessions because of the conflict in his unity government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, otherwise despite accusations.
Production in the eurozone to a 13-month low
The increase in production in the eurozone slowed in August to its lowest point in the last 13 months, a closely watched survey with.
The final Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) fell in August to 50,7 in, according to a state of 51.8 in July.
A number above 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders went back and factories experienced declines in a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures come before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets are expecting a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the euro area, as well as the threat of deflation from the bank with an inflation rate of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that, in the course of this week, the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, could provide further information, whether he is considering a quantitative easing for the eurozone, in line with those of the United Kingdom and the United States were made during the financial crisis.
"Although a small growth is better than no growth, are the deterrent effect of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for the manufacturer has become clearer," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, Russia's largest trading partner in the EU, fell to the lowest level in 11 months with 51.4.
In the meantime, fell in France, the bloc's second-largest economy, the PMI to 46,9.
France remains a problem child, as well as the Italian descent of a solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that incentives for growth in the key industry mechanism no longer are Germany, Spain and the Netherlands are not reassuring, "Mr Dobson said.
The decline of the industry is probably the fire of the analysts expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Some positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI to 57.3 rose to the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best thing you can say for the purchasing manager index of manufacturing in the eurozone in August, is that the sector continues to grow."
He added: "Producers in the eurozone will find life is obviously very difficult, because the current heightened geopolitical tensions, particularly in relation to Russia and the Ukraine, continue to increase uncertainty in the difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and probably leads to some orders be delayed or even cancelled, particularly large contracts.
He said that it will "increasingly likely" that the ECB should finally start a kind of QE, "although we suspect that this will be limited."
The infernal tenth year of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have passed since the horrific siege of the school, like the spate of children are still suffering.
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants in a school in Beslan in southern Russia.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, have been killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world.
We have returned to Beslan, in order to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of bestiality in the classroom.
Exactly a decade after the horrific school siege in Beslan in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night before a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
Children and parents on September 1, 2004, the start of a new school year, as fanatical Islamist terrorists captured and killed, it seemed like the böseste of evil.
The tragedy brought together West and East in disgust, and then turned surprisingly in action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan, in order to find some of the victims who had escaped the death of bestiality in the classroom.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, although the memory of this terrorist hell will pursue it forever.
Their best hope?
Now that the war that Ukraine will now have to cope with - and in the children as they die - to come to an end.
The girl, which was photographed in the attempt, in the age of school sports hall singer
She was photographed by the Russian Star photographer Dimitri Beliakow and famous, when she was only in her underwear, was in the age of school sports hall singer, after a mine exploded.
Totally confused sought Aida after her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both have been held for dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me that I should run for my life, but I could not," Aida said at the time.
My legs were blood flow.
In order to look after my mother, I stood up and climbed back into the pool.
A soldier brought them to safety.
After a series of operations, they completely healed, but said yesterday: "Before the pain returned three months ago.
I am afraid that I must again be operated on.
Some shrapnel shards are still in my knee.
Their goal is now to be a dentist, in order to help the people, as she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it has not broken me," she says a tear.
"This has happened to me, and that cannot be changed.
Once a year I always stayed in the gym to remind me of it there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it, on other days.
The pain is too great.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamt of to go to school together.
"I do not want to marry until I finish my studies and my career start.
I think of a family.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of it, but the memory of each year is a bit weak.
I am pleased that many people in the world still remember the horrors and we are so grateful for the support we received from people in the UK and all over the place.
When I see the photo online of me, as I understand our disaster in the school zurückklettere I think that many people see it for the first time, and to ensure that this does not happen again.
The boy, who fled by bullets, in the view that his mother is dead
It was his first day (Russians go with seven years in the school) and Tamara survived the three-day siege in his mother's arms.
As seven years, he said, "mom told me that I should get me if there was an explosion, and hold her hand."
After an explosion, he thought she would die.
She said to him: "Run."
Full of fear that they could be dead, he fled and saw the baby on the way to a wine, took it by the hand and fled by bullets.
His father, Vladimir, into the arms of his son out there, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save them."
In fact, Tamara outside stumbled with leg injuries in the hospital, for their part in the assumption that her son died.
After its reunification, she said: "I wept with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (of the now dissolved newspaper News of the World), in order to receive the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion by then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror is following you every day, but I wish I could stop with the memory," he said yesterday.
But I can say that it is pale in my memory.
I remember that I wegwarf directly after all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shot scenes and that is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back in the gym, but I do not think about myself.
I remember these children, with whom I have played in the yard, and have not made it to the outside world.
We never say that they have been killed or are dead.
We say that they are stuck in the gym.
I remember my trip to London, particularly in the toy shop, where I was able to choose everything very well what I wanted, and the ride in an open top car.
But he has now fear for the ground like Ukraine, where wars cause the sort of accident that he and his friends suffered.
This horror is following you every day, but I wish I could stop reminding me.
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer from the answer," said Damir, who last week worked as a volunteer in a monastery.
I want to help so much.
I will one day go to the police and hope that they will take me to the training academy next year.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighbourhood were killed, can you imagine that?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there was simply no children who could call and run around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly on their trip to London with Damir.
The people of London cried when I told our story.
I understood at the time, as people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, and show their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the price and the ability to travel to London in the autumn of 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and you say to yourself that 10 years have passed, but I still remind me of her and her husband at the meeting in London, and how it works - and has helped me.
I remember how happy Damir wanted to eat borscht and she cried all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with waiters in a restaurant. - shot with a water pistol on them and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just a month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British are so willing shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world is not improved in the last 10 years.
In Ukraine, the war now again, and people die every day, and I believe that many children were killed and still be killed.
These are precisely such children as ours.
I think that, for many, the war is a part of the news that you hear when they are bored or preoccupied with something else.
I just know what these people feel throughout the horror.
And I cannot stop to feel that.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and that is so sad.
Damir was large and is a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive or angry at all.
He is looking for example not revenge, he is not overwhelmed by recent abominations.
I know that he does not like to remember but he has six close friends from the class and they go occasionally in the sports hall and light candles.
When he was small, he suffered including - I remember, as it is sometimes presented on the sofa, the face away from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I still remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys away. - is now 17, bigger than I, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that, for a few hours, I was so sure that he was dead and I would never see him again.
When I recovered after the explosion and came on the legs, I saw me and saw the hell around me, with body parts lying around everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy in the hell could not possibly have survived.
"I remember that I reminded him," Damir, going, going away, "but I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he has heard it and he ran away.
And, unlike many others, life goes on for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose terrible image after the siege has become the symbol of the horror of Beslan
Comfort: The 2004 Beslan-survivor Georgy Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege, on a picture of born today
His blutüberströmtes face was painted by fear when he ran for his life, while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols for the barbarity of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a nurse, had sold him for his first day, before they rushed to bring their older son Vladimir to university.
"I left the court for about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, and so was my little boy there for three terrible days alone," she recalls.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives of us, but they were all killed.
Only my born managed to survive.
The closer the date approaches, the harder it is to think and talk about it.
There is no single day on which we remind ourselves of this tragedy.
We do not think that it is a long time ago, I think it would happen yesterday, some scenes from these days are following me constantly.
No one will ever forget that, I assure you.
Urgent: The image of born (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as statue (right).
I wanted to remember that born on this day are so happy to go to school, he said that he wants to embrace his teacher.
I only knew that he was alive when I saw him on television.
And now there are even this statue of the wine-born in San Marino.
Born does not like the image, and it is hidden at home on the bookshelf.
I understand that, but I also think that people around the world feel our pain, thanks to this image.
Born today says: "It is important that something like this can never happen again.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People investigate such tragedies again and again and never learned the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world is becoming something awful.
"I cannot understand how this is possible, because if you ask the people, no one wants a war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing in such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget it just a little.
It has attacked my health and I still feel it.
About three or four years, I had a few nightmares because of the siege, but then it was better.
I went back to school later in 2004 and had fear every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who were slain.
So I always in the gym when the 1st September approaches.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends of mine.
It is difficult for me to go to the gym, but I must do it.
I am not a victim, this story is now a part of my past.
I will not forget it, but I don't like bemitleide.
My life goes on.
I have concluded the school this year and visit a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I will be heart surgeon.
My first choice was an education in the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health has not.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that will not happen.
Georgy Fanijew, 20
The boy, who survived, even though he was caught at the foot of a murderous terrorists
A miracle: Georgy Fanijew was caught during the siege at the foot of a murderous terrorists, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was caught in the gym and sat beside the bomb, which was attached at the foot of a murderous terrorists.
It really is a miracle that he was not killed.
"We feel it, as if it was yesterday," says Georgy, who wanted to go as the FSB intelligence officer, but could not do this because of his health damage due to the siege.
It is still with me, there is nothing that I have left behind me.
I am older now and people say that children can easily cope with terrible experience - I have to say that this is not true.
"In 2006, I worked with psychologists and felt better after something, but I cannot forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005, a year later, was the first and only time I went back in the gym.
I lost consciousness.
I will never do not return and ask me to show you where I have sat in this famous image.
Survivor: Georgy Fanijew today, with a photo of himself in the hospital after the siege on the laptop
My pain is extraordinary and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me after school.
Physically, it is good to me.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can now go well.
But because of my health, I could not study at the FSB's intelligence academy in Saint Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have submitted my papers, including the medical and they have responded that it was not possible.
My second passion were the animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have been there two years behind me.
He learns the treatment of all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I knew that I would tell my children never in my experience.
Children should know nothing and they should not suffer it of course.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse if the anniversary is approaching.
I will go to the celebrations in his memory.
I know that born will not go.
It must be even more intense for him, because he was there and I do not.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me, and all of them are drawn in Beslan.
It remains in us.
Born is now an adult, but this horror is still in him.
It is difficult to accept that, if a little experience so Unfaires.
He is a boy, he loves sport, but he cannot attend because of his knee.
He was operated on several occasions, he can run, but no sport.
I would say that he has overcome the horrors to 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forget.
This terrible experience will always follow us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed in the siege, and that only reinforces my pain.
I have lost a lot of people, which I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and this is the greatest gift that God could make me, but my heart cries for the slain.
I know of families in which new children were born, but also of widows who have never married again.
It is difficult to accept that life goes on, even if it does not want.
I will never forget how my heart jumped in me when I saw him in the hospital.
And now, I see what is happening in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is now very close to our country, and I can hardly believe that.
We were once a friendly country, how can it be that we are now fighting?
People and children suffer, I am sure that many children have been killed in Ukraine, and many more are being killed.
If only we could all use and throw these rebels - as far away as possible.
Aljona Tskajewa, 10
The baby was taken from a special operations command in security that so simple
Saved: Aljona Tskajewa is brought to safety by a Russian special operations command (left).
It is now ten (right) and remembers nothing of the atrocities
The world was held their breath when the baby Aljona carried in the arms of a Russian policemen from the siege in Beslan in 2004.
The terrorists thought they could go, but in its cruelty of their 30-year-old mother, Kristina's 10-year-old sister and her brother Makhar back into the school sports hall.
Makhar, three years old at the time, escaped, but Aljonas mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father Ruslan has since married again and, with his new wife Svetlana a little girl that he has called for his lost daughter Kristina.
Aljona, now 10 years old, does not remember the siege and has grown to become a smart and happy girl, neighbors say.
"You are now a big happy family and Aljona and Makhar are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to save them all the memories that draw up with the tenth anniversary.
You will understand why.
Man accused of girls have to drive over to pedestrians crossing in Fife
A 78-year-old man is on trial for driving a three-year-old girl at a pedestrian crossing in Fife.
Gordon steward is accused of having hit a girl at the Pittenween transition in East Neuk.
The prosecution claims that Mr steward had violated his Audi Q3 controlled without the necessary care and attention and the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation from the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC continued the procedure for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you would like to make photos or videos under water, there are a variety of devices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action-cam, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver edition, both of which are to be had for about $300.
I have these photos at a family party with several cameras, all of which are available at a price of under $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other subjects are densely closed.
Set your camera on the photos or videos that you want to capture.
Some cameras and camcorders feature scenes and recording sessions with which the exposure time is optimized for the dämmrigen underwater conditions.
And before you jump into it, check, up in the depth of your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are only allowed for up to 5 feet, others by 50 or 60 feet.
Search for traditional and waterproof models in our shopping guide and the ratings for digital cameras.
Take multiple shots, because many will not be achieved.
Point-and-shoot cameras usually do not have a flat, with which you can compose images, action-cams.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see this under water, and the right attitude is a matter of chance.
So take many pictures.
If your camera has a terraced mode, in which a number of shots are made with slightly different exposure settings, use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light will be dramatically worse, the further you remove themselves from the surface.
If possible, you remain so close to the surface, if you make shots in a pool, a lake or the sea.
You can also bring more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less you will see color.
Go close to the objects.
It is also a good advice on land, but it is all the more important because of the poor lighting conditions under water.
It is particularly important if you are working with an action-cam: These devices often have a wide-angle lens, which means that you have to get closer to your objects, if they are to fill the entire picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was a man of the species, whose character things changed, even in a gigantic organisation such as the NHS.
As an advisory anesthetist devoted his career of the task to save the health of both the agony of the disease and the ordeal of treatment.
Among his patients, his wife recalls, was an MI6 staff who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the doctors and the diagnosis of diseases are important, while the Behandelten are mostly preoccupied with something else: Pain.
One day in 2007, he was the one, however, the ordeal began.
"I have not felt myself," he wrote in May of this year.
I had difficulties, raise me.
While he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he said that he had made his wife Juliet impatient accusations.
"I want everything now rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, Lawson felt a very unusual way and concerned without reason.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to carry out an X-ray examination of his chest.
Only two weeks ago he had been skiing in the French Alps.
The result was the X-ray examination.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer of the breast skin, which attacks the lungs of beneficial skin.
As with most cancers is often difficult to determine the exact cause.
While some smokers to lung disease, for example, are not all lung cancer in smokers.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is an asbestos contamination - contact with the fiber material, once regarded as the "miracle material" but has now been recognized as fatal.
For most of us is a disease mesothelioma, which can easily ignore.
Asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous to use was no longer used in Britain since the 1960s, when the industry voluntarily committed to use them any more.
Even where he was still used, only people worked directly with the fabric - plumbers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers in certain sectors, for example.
As an industrial risk material from another time, he seems to be of little concern today.
But this complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, seen today is the culmination of a Mesoltheliom epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from the disease than in road accidents.
Annual figures of the Mesotheliomtodesfälle since 1980 and expected future deaths in Britain
The reason why we are seeing the deadly impact now, although asbestos is illegal for years (1999) were banned all types of asbestos, is that a mesothelioma developed only after decades.
And the scourge of the mesothelioma is not limited to former workers of the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and is, often, still present in the houses, in which we live, the offices in which we work, schools, in which we learn and the shops where we shop.
And therefore knows no class barriers mesothelioma, financial limits, jobs or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are no protection.
The parliament building, asbestos contaminated.
Also in the hospitals where we should be healthy, have already been identified as source herd of this deadly Karzinogens.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was also a plumber.
In fact, it could be difficult to imagine where he may have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out it.
"It looks as if in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I completed my training for six years, there was a lot of asbestos," he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and guard - use the tunnel.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries are suffering from the same disease?
This question he could answer, at least in part.
"Of the four doctors who were trained at Guy's Hospital, and the 2010 in the last five years of mesothelioma disease," he wrote in a letter, "I am the last, is still alive."
How many of us are still fall ill?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the age of 48 years ago.
When he died on 17 February of this year, he was 55.
It was an unusually long survival time.
Fifty percent of all Mesotheliomerkrankten die within eight months after the diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
We can therefore only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us are still fall ill?"
Britain's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, assumes that between 1870 and 2050, when the epidemic of asbestos in Britain is expected to come to a standstill, a total of 90,000 will be a victim of the disease.
At the moment, most of them have no idea that they will die.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, in which people often turn for damages, shows how far the scourge of Mesothelioms is already widespread.
In June of this year, Marks & Spencer, for example, have to be exposed to asbestos, Janice Allen negligent way.
They worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987 and was responsible for the clothing department in two locations - one of the flagship store in Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years than when they began their work at M & S.
She now has two children in their twenties.
"In this matter," she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I did not even really about asbestos.
I never thought that I would affect the time.
There are few people who know a lot about asbestos.
The fact is that the concept of asbestos is not a substance, but a group of six minerals.
The name comes from the word "Asbestiform", a description of the fiber structure, which makes the fabric resilient and flexible.
Three of the six have been used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, today it is by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings.
It has been used for roof panels, floor plates, pipe insulations, boiler insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but it is still seen as a "major health risk" with the possibility of death by the EU and the WHO.
More dangerous, however, is the brown asbestos (Amosit) and the blue asbestos (Krokydolith).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "there are significant, but indirect evidence that this was a major reason for the unique high Mesotheliomraten."
An employee of Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the flagship store in Oxford Street, London, Alamy
Janice Allen has perhaps not seen as a typical Mesotheliomopfer, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that their story is not unusual.
He has presented a study of those affected will be shown that "a substantial proportion of Mesotheliome without known suspension through work or at home was probably caused by asbestos contact in the environment."
In his statement, a large proportion of these contacts is based on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It seems that no one could expect to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which has investigated the Palace of Westminster, shows how people could also be in the heart of the government, have been unwittingly exposed to the substance.
2009 reported Goddard that the service shafts and pipelines behind the committee rooms of Parliament were contaminated with asbestos, whose lethal fibres could be taken by something as harmless as "strong air movements.
Members of Parliament are often accused to care for their own interests, but here, it looks as to be the opposite.
While the Directorate of the Parliamentary Labour Service insisted that the Westminster Palace have received a "clean" health certificate, it is now clear that £1 billion amount must be paid over several years to renovate Parliament to modernize the electrical installations and remove the asbestos, and that the Members of Parliament after the general election in 2015 will probably make more in nearby QEII Conference Centre in Westminster than on the green benches.
The Goddard report has also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant provisions."
No one can know whether this mismanagement will cost lives.
All we can do now is wait.
A person who could never identify the contact with asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, the 50-year-old Abbott claimed that during his work in hospitals, he was exposed to asbestos.
"I have worked in a hospital, in which asbestos lawsuits were decided in a positive way," he says, "but I cannot prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to recall all places where you worked, and the data.
What he is still clearly remembered the day at the beginning of December 2009, where he got a fever.
He was 45, and had an operation in late in the evening.
Suddenly I had chills.
It came suddenly.
I felt terrible.
I thought the ride home to create no more.
As a doctor knew Abbott that the pain from the chest fur, the skin around his lungs herrührten.
But he had no reason to suspect a mesothelioma as Janice Allen.
He went to work a month.
Verwunderte doctors, x-rays of his chest and put Pleurakathether to be fluid in the lungs and to test in the laboratory.
But his complaints were without diagnosis.
His health slowly stabilized, and he returned to his job back.
From time to time the symptoms returned back, however, often after physical activity and heavy breathing.
In 2011, a patient Abbott's with similar symptoms in his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now, Abbott combined this with his own case.
Finally, his patient was a few decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in the case was clear.
In September 2011 Abbott's condition deteriorated again and his doctor brought his CT scans and X-ray images to a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott had felt ill for the first time, one with a camera-equipped probe was introduced into the cavity between the Rippen- and the chest fur.
I am an optimist.
I am usually just move on, "he says.
To be honest, I had not done so many concerns.
But my wife, Rachel, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was in the week between Christmas and New Year: "It was said to me that it be mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly, Abbott had appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of whom advised him to take a lawyer.
Only now, he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very widespread, especially in large public buildings where pipes were often insulated with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings now become ill.
And so is mesothelioma now younger people who have not worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were under the earth, so patients were probably not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who changed in pedestrian tunnels from one building to another (like Andrew Lawson) or in underground canteens ate Graham Abbott (as it often did), most likely came in contact with the toxic substances.
It is clear that hospitals for patients over several decades after the war were potentially lifesaving, but life-threatening for the doctors.
He is still today.
Students presented their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos was due to its fabulous isolating and flame properties often used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls.
Even schools.
Indeed, many people have probably had the first asbestos contact in the classroom.
Across the country, in thousands of chemical hours, students have parked their bunsenburner on asbestos mats.
Websites are now often raised the issue of asbestos in schools.
And meanwhile, items in our homes as innocent as floor plates or shingle roofs by default contain asbestos.
"It is an industrial poison that is included in large parts of our properties," said Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who has represented Andrew Lawson in his trial against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact, which invaded a affected woman, was the demolition of a Gartenschuppens in the 1970s.
So beware, as you stop your garden shed.
The effects of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process it," Mr Abbott said.
I went back to work and tried to continue to make, but I realized that what I was doing, I could not focus on that.
I was two weeks ago in practice.
Then I knew that I had to go and look after myself.
Well, I will have no further Christmas.
The biggest difficulty was the fresh approach from the position of a doctor to a patient.
As countless patients before he reminds himself, as he overwhelmed by all the information was that he had to come around.
"It was very difficult to absorb all of this," he says.
"I asked my doctor" as long as I yet? "
And it gave me about 12 months.
I remember that I thought, 'Well, I will have no further Christmas.
That's it then. ""
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life support mechanism - the breathing itself - that caused the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by asbestos contact.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
If the asbestos is being raised and the fibers are inhaled, they can establish themselves in the chest fur, the skin around the lungs,.
Asbestos fibres irritate the breast skin and can trigger cell mutations.
"The problem is with the inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibers," said Professor Tom treasure, a cardio-thoracic surgeon, moved to the Guy's Hospital in 2001.
The hospital, which Andrew Lawson suspects that it has exposed to asbestos, is now ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who were probably also exposed to the asbestos during their training at the hospital.
As soon as the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, says treasure, "they are pushed to the edge of the breathing process where the skin is.
It is inherently invasive from the outset.
The usual options work for other cancers in mesothelioma not so good.
For example, the effectiveness of an operation is hotly debated.
Some say that it was worth a try.
Treasure denies this.
"The breast skin cannot be cut out," he says.
You cannot beat about the bush with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "on chemotherapy is not very good," the "effect," but not healed.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," says treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Fortunately, some patients are living in a long time, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Mr Abbott still fighting two and a half years after his diagnosis.
After he had contacted mesothelioma, Abbott came in contact with Andrew Lawson, four years after his diagnosis had become a one-man-of support and consultancy for Mitbetroffene.
"Hello, cancer centre," he is happy on calls.
"He was very positive," Abbott says.
He had received his diagnosis four years earlier and was still very active.
Abbott had originally been offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and expected to prolong his life just about a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
However, Lawson managed "to let things in a more positive light."
Following the advice of several doctors Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, cardio-thoracic specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage because I no longer had to be referred, I just cried and got an appointment," Graham.
A normal patient would need to receive a payment and have to wait for the approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma sufferers, to be able to play the best available therapies.
But if these treatments, inevitably fail, many patients are from a different financial concern about the future of the families they left behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher water House LLP.
"It is known that asbestos is extremely dangerous for the health since 1898," Morgan says.
But what has changed in the 1960s, we realized that even a small burden posed a health risk.
And here the negligence of companies started to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, in their case, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full compensation" that Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to an asbestos contact at Guy's.
According to a spokesman confirmed the investigation into his death of Guy's, however, that "the asbestos fibres were removed in the 1990s in the basement area affected."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
In fact, it is a huge problem for mesothelioma sufferers who care about compensation, to trace the deadly asbestos contact a company or a job - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who defend itself against claims to know that it is time for them, but certainly not with the prosecutor.
There were significant new legislation that makes it easier for mesothelioma patients in this year in response to demand compensation, even if their former employers will no longer be traceable.
The law has established a fund of £350 million for all funded by the insurance industry, which were diagnosed after July 2012, can prove a contact, but cannot sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs will receive 80 percent of what a court in a normal compensation process could have granted them - about £120,000.
About 300 successful applications for the program are expected per year.
Andrew Morgan, like so many mesothelioma patients, thinks that £350 million were a "very good job" of the insurance industry.
"This is a deal of insurers for insurers," he says, and suggests that this sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if the time had not gone away and mesothelioma sufferers find the company and they could sue normally.
Mike Penning, then work and pensions minister, admitted that the law is "not perfect."
But both Penning and Morgan gave that prompt action was necessary in the face of seven deaths a day.
"People are so much suffering and need help now," said Penning during the second hearing of the mesothelioma law in December of last year.
At the time, Mr Abbott was in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski for 19 months.
After their first debate, Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation that he expected a positive effect in contrast to Tom treasure.
This has been accompanied by a radiation therapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy, Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate of up to 40 percent over five years.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"This is, of course, with the most important thing," Abbott says.
This can be seen in patients again and again.
There is something you can continue.
If you place you are worse very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent the surgery in March 2012.
At the end of August, he was behind the last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Follow-up scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There have been several cancer spots in my chest.
I was just 50.
This is not life-threatening.
This is lebensbeendend.
Again, Abbott underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
No trace of the tumours is now more visible.
But the process is physically and mentally very tiring.
They need to think about practical things - about the money when I am no longer, for example, or my wife, show how the boiler time setting works.
If you get bad news, you will be negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 14, 16, and Tamsin, this is not always easy.
"It is difficult for parents," he says.
It is hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I said to my girls that I have a disease that I would not be old.
They reacted in different ways.
Tamsin is very sociable and unpredictable.
They told their friends and we got so many calls soon.
Ellie was restrained.
She said not much.
Such talks are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for Mesotheliomerkrankte such talks are not crossed by hope, not a trace of hope for survival.
The disease is (such as a grim security ultimately for Stephen Jay Gould).
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
Body einbalsamierter Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres, which were used for the strengthening of cooking pots and for greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
It was developed a tissue that is not flammable.
I see napkins from stew in banquets in the fireplaces.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (also notes) and fabric.
Important asbestos mines will be opened in Canada and South Africa, and shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tonnes a year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify a premature death rate among those who work with asbestos. They no longer receive life insurance as a result.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke says that asbestos particles are the main cause of death in the lung "without any reasonable doubt."
This is the first case of this kind
Kershaws employers, Turner Bros Asbestos assume no liability.
There will be no compensation paid.
During the Second World War, intensive ships built, one of the most deadly performances will contact with asbestos.
A voluntary renunciation of the industry on the import of blue asbestos
An appeal court confirms the first successful people compensation claim in Britain due to contact with asbestos.
The global asbestos production rises to more than 4.213.000 tonnes a year.
Britain imports 139,403 metric tons.
A health and safety executive in Britain requires all companies working with asbestos, for license acquisition.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are banned by law in Britain.
Any use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
The mesothelioma law is adopted in Britain.
A compensation scheme of £350 million will be announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in many countries in the world as inexpensive materials.
The global production is around 2 million tonnes a year.
China denies Hong Kong law on government election, protesters swear vengeance
On Sunday, the Chinese parliament against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections despite the increased calls for democratic reform in Hong Kong's electorate.
This approach fired probably the long-planned protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists in the planning and mobilization within a few hours after the announcement led the way.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the communist leaders in principle to reject all the candidates are not loyal to Beijing.
"It is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said legal expert Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing had promised.
It has lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defence of the Chinese decision said Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress that the admission of public nominations in the elections for Hong Kong's government to "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain returned control of the Chinese Hong Kong, Beijing has promised to let the people choose the government leaders from 2017.
The Chinese leadership presented the decision on Sunday as a democratic breakthrough, because there is a direct suffrage to the citizens of Hong Kong, but the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leadership keeps the process by a nomination committee closely controlled by Beijing firmly in hand.
After a new clause should be allowed in only candidates "with love the country and love for Hong Kong."
The decision follows a summer in which some of the largest and most effective public protests took place in Hong Kong for several years.
The movement is behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to insulate the financial district if Beijing does not allow a genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, within a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
In the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement have reached a new level of civil disobedience, and they planned protest waves in the coming weeks.
They gave no details, however, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online communication has told the organizers that the movement "the occupation of the central district considered only as a last resort, an action that is expected to take place only if all dialogue opportunities have been exhausted, and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to say that today have been exhausted all dialogue opportunities and the occupation of the central district will definitely take place.
The authorities in Hong Kong have prepared themselves for days at the announcement of Beijing, and there were more stringent security measures, including police and barricades in front of the government building on Sunday.
The unrest will be strengthened by the feeling of many in Hong Kong, they slowly lose control of their city.
The influx of people from the mainland reinforces the competition for products and services.
There is a growing fear that Hong Kong's values such as democracy and freedom of speech are beginning to crumble under the growing pressure of Beijing.
Some criticised the demonstrations of the Occupy Central movement, because it threatens the business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong -.
"The protests, which they say, could cause major economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long they last," said legal expert regime Ip, who criticised the movement for a long time.
We do not want to stir up fears that Hong Kong spirals out of control.
This impression is bad for investment.
China's state-controlled media also reported recently on the democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
Organised an unofficial referendum on voting rights activists, in which 780,000 people participated in this summer - more than a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands attended one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of the school balls in the United States will now be transferred to the universities, where Freshmen offered appearances with the private plane.
We are pleased to be able to respond to this demand and to offer Britain's first luxury travel service for students of today.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive performance at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as private jets, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston marten or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also announced that the service had a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who otherwise would have to dump their belongings in a dangerously overloaded car through the country.
Together with our new -Start options we are looking forward to this year to ensure that students achieve the university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that there is still no new bookings explained, because the service had just been introduced, added, however, that "students book the service in the next few weeks."
The company has also stated that, despite the tuition fees of £9,000 per year, we expect a market for this offer.
Students today differ greatly in their expectations and demands of the students in 10, 20, 30 or 40 years - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with -Start is just that.
The National Student Union criticized the service as aloof.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NUS for higher education, said: "This offer seems completely separated from the life of the majority of the students.
Many students who begin this month with the study, are facing a cost of living crisis, as the financial assistance in the form of loans and grants available does not keep pace with the rapidly rising bills for the simplest livelihoods, even before they can remember to spend thousands of pounds for something as simple as the arrival in the student residence.
Feminists criticize racial issue and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mon at the beginning of this month.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "hands up, don't shoot," while they waited before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, due to the shooting of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown said the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez a change in online discussions of white feminists.
In her experience, white feminist commentators raise the sex before the race when it comes to reproductive rights and income inequality.
During the tensions in the Midwest, however, rose and received attention throughout the country, saw Perez, the responses of white women turned up to 100% of the breed.
Compared with the responses of black women came shortly after the shots from 9 August the personal essays with titles like "thoughts to Ferguson of a white woman" and "feminism is not only about the oppression of women" relatively late.
But for Perez meant that an important change.
"I do not believe that one in feminism is many people talk about the white and privileges on so-type," she said.
People felt urged to express something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis in which we find ourselves and ethnicized because the situation in Ferguson is that they need to express it.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University, Ferguson problems to light that black Americans are exposed to every day, but they should not be seen as a "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can publish something funny on Facebook about me and my partner and get 150 likes from anywhere," Mitchell said.
If I post something on how black people are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk publicly about a relationship, but not about security in the public space?" She asked.
For black women like Mitchell, who have studied race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between race and gender issues.
For them, black women have not had the luxury to separate the issues clean; they live in the combined reality every day.
While white women now connect the issues of race and gender in the feminist mainstream circles, Angela Hattery, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"At least 10,000 black men were lynched between 1865 and 1890 and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
White women had to be involved in the story, in order to justify the Lynch murder.
For Hattery came the divide between white and black women at the point at which white fighters for women's suffrage as Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late years of the 19th century and said that the fight for the right to vote only for one group could be successful: Women or blacks.
"They made the decision to stand up for women's suffrage, and the right to vote for blacks should come later," said Hattery.
If you are reminded of such things, one with power will understand why coloured women don't trust white women.
We have not done our job well.
We have never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took another decade until white women against the Lynchen organised in the Association of Southern woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group was founded nearly 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist responses to the questions raised by Ferguson - police behaviour, racial discrimination - is a mirror of the time, in which white feminists "trapping" played with the problems facing black women is set apart for generations.
"It would be great if the activists who have such traditional feminist platforms have the right to a child's education as seriously as they do with the right to control conception?" Asked Mitchell.
The second-generation feminists, who built her career on the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now trying to understand what that means.
The famous white feminist activist Gloria Steinem came two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown on Facebook and published a pithy article by Rebecca Carroll, distribution of the Guardian, in which they demanded more protests of white Americans on the issue of racism.
"I hope that women who have a separate but parallel reason to understand the danger inherent in the body - and opinions on race, which are very different in public opinion polls - will lead the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem intersectional feminism stands for a more interactive section, in which race and gender issues are some of their comments on the racial issue in America but puzzled.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole feminism?" Said to She The People that young men in the United States, especially young coloured men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinems to Ferguson's comments are in contrast to its previous criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But as the White House recently a small program, My Brother's keeper, celebratory, in order to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were infuriating reactions of many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police to the black community is not the only problem that is at the forefront of the mainstream feminism.
After the US border police has taken nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors in the country's southwest border this year, is also the subject of immigration reform to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that women mobilised for immigration reform, said that for a reconsideration of the issue as a fundamental issue of women, they only had to publish the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," Mercado said.
If the vast majority of work visas is going to male immigrants, the women who accompany them, are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories will find an echo in the women's organisations," she said.
"Pigs" house in Ipswich is for sale
The image of a house for sale was removed from real estate brokers, as was clear that it had made a big pig showed that it is comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has one bedroom, is situated on a private road in Ipswich and will be offered for £120,000.
A picture of the living room of the house belonged to the details, which also was a pig that had laid his head on a sofa.
Estate agents Connells said the pig on the photo was the pet of the owner.
"The photo was published by mistake, however, and has now been removed," a spokeswoman for the company said.
The exposé of the house described the Connells former Assembly House as a "unique family house with a bedroom."
Although the broker has removed the image from the site, it is still on promotional material.
The sale of the house was in the interest of social media, and some asked whether the pig was included in the purchase price.
Harvey's SW city is home to a new millionaire after lottery win
This month it is a lottery players from Harvey.
The search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth continues, with a lucky winner, receiving nearly $1.1 million from the Lotto draw on Saturday.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey, the jackpot in the draw of the first division for the second time in five years, to $1 million in November 2009.
The lucky winner must report yet.
The shop owner Steve Forward said the profit sorge for talks in the small town in the south-west of Perth.
The city is talking of nothing else, and all are quite excited.
We thought that such a profit could occur.
Eight wa winner celebrated last month in profits in the first division, a due conclusion for a lucky few weeks for the players in the state.
In the past week, a player from canning Vale is one of the five millionaires in August, after a couple of Belmont had made just a few weeks before the mega-profits of $7.5 million.
The winning couple had played for 20 years and said the win would give them the possibility of a world tour and the purchase of a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the wa in this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas asked in the gladiatorial arena
Not only the gladiators were ankle deep in the mud at the first Rhine Bacher Römertag in the park.
But the attraction of the event was strong enough to attract more than 1000 visitors yesterday, braving the rain showers and the autumn cold and enchanted by the historical spectacle.
There was a colorful series of images, shows, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their importance in the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the Mart IALI Che fighter force of the gladiator school "Amor Mortis" who used any rain break in the arena crafted with soft sand to demonstrate their robust martial art.
"Leonidas" gladiatorial owner proved to be humorous and knowledgeable Präsentator and sent one of his men in the ring for the heroic battle in various gladiators genera.
First were the "Provocatoren" in line with rectangular shield and sword briefly on the right arm and leg rail on the left leg and Armschiene.
It was followed by the "Essedarii" with breastplate, short sword and litter lance and iron gladiator helmet, leg and Armguard.
Particularly impressive was the appearance of the "Retiarius," with the ball against the network, three Zack and dagger "Secutor" and recently joined the boys fight to the ground.
Since crashed the metallic together swords, shields schepperten and throwing lances surrend flew through the arena that could be a fear and worry about the health of the gladiators.
But to the impressive "Summa Rudi," the muscular referee, had a close eye.
"We wanted to revive the Roman daily life and the culture of Roman times," Lorenz Euskirchen, Chairman of the Company "Freundeskreis Roman channel," explained the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation time was a "Roman Oppidum from the park for a day," a Roman city, as Deputy Mayor Claus Wehage said in his address.
Finally, the Romans have not only brought war and conquest in our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we still see today.
The remains of these were also the Römertag to visit a "aqueduct marble" from 11 meters high and the 1400-metre-long Romans channel bridge stood at Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus society, water and energy to then and now, and director Petra Fricke knew: "We are still benefit from the knowledge of that time."
It also confirms a surveyor Ralph Holy presented two "from Rheinbach, surveying instruments of the Romans like Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra from" engineering team.
The Roman villa in naked home, sketches and models of the excavations in 1894 and bricks from the original Hypokauste, a hot-air heating, which was once the Roman villa warmer.
Impressive as the footprints, which had been left by Wolf and Fox in the foot steps from clay two millennia ago, before it burned.
In 2011, the Office for soil conservation at the Rhineland National Association had unearthed the remains of a Roman villa in the industrial park in North Rhine river.
We have found a commercial building with a Darre for drying of grain boundary walls and the Mälzen.
The building was probably belongs to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural commodity, the archaeologist explained Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
A number of findings from these excavations put it in a glass case before, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels, as well as parts of a dainty necklace.
Villa have probably exists from the first to the fourth century AD, until the invasion of the Germanic people suspected in the then Roman Rheinland, Morscheiser.
Working with her children are also playing with the Roman windmills, similar to the current mill game, or they wrote their names like the Roman students with Metallgriffeln on wax tablets.
The state of the Roman baths Zülpich were the children put mosaics themselves, at the level of the glass museum Rheinbach glass mosaics and tinkering at the booth of the nature center Eifel nice home use a heavy wheat stone mill to grind the flour for a bread or cereal.
With two Kaltblütern drawn faithfully reconstructed Roman travel car drove visitors through the park and also came on the impressive level of the Municipal gymnasium, which presented the results of their "Roman-project weeks" here.
With a Roman week from 13 to 21 September will also propagated throughout the community Wachtberg in the Rhineland Romans bring in 2014, which is to remember the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the home and a historical association and the guard Berger hiking club, the partnership association and the amateur game circle Upper Bachem are offered, among other things, thematic hikes, a lecture, live cooking and guided tours for school classes and remember the Roman past guard hill.
For example, tell a Roman legion of his work on the windswept Wachtberg plants presented as living monuments from the Roman era and a funny moment in terms of international understanding between a group watching Berger "Germanic" and vote were performed.
The Aden village primary school is dedicated to the Roman issue within a week.
With the Romans week should be made visible traces of the Romans in Wachtberg re-experience the more numerous, often but not at first sight.
The guard Berger Town Hall will hold a presentation to the discovery of the Berkumer Matronenheiligtums in 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic on West Africa's economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a serious blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned, and international companies are at a distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic deals a heavy blow to the economy of West Africa.
The crops rotting in the fields, the mines are left and the markets are orphaned, the virus has afflicted the region hard.
Some international companies are already at a distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not just a medical crisis, but also an economic one," says the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka.
Liberia is the hardest hit
"It is a total disaster, we lose a lot of money," said Alhaji Bamogo, who sells clothes at the second-largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
On the market only if you want to buy food or something for disinfection against Ebola.
Liberia is the hardest hit by the virus, here alone fell victim to the fever of more than 600 people.
Recently, health officials said the disease was penetrated in every corner of the country.
The virus has also spread in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
Overall, more than 1,500 people died, thousands of other memories.
Foreign firms are employees from
Across the resource-rich countries, companies set out its operations.
Foreign companies such as the steel group ArcelorMittal drag their employees from several international airlines fly no longer at the affected regions.
The local traders and farmers respond: Only a few merchants still leave their homes to get supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, rotting in the fields, among other things, the major cocoa and coffee beans for export.
The farmers don't dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is becoming scarce
"People will travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Paris expert for the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, which normally sold on the market and its vegetables, prefer to remain at home.
The population gets to feel the impact of the epidemic directly and urgent: Food are scarce.
On the markets, the supply of basic foodstuffs such as rice is waning.
The region is heavily dependent on international firms also threatens a reputational damage - with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon by French Think Tank Iris.
What matters is how far and how long the virus will spread.
Investors can get the impression that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and thus to invest, "warns Hugon.
The disease is also the strained state budgets of states
The disease is also the already strained state budgets of the countries concerned.
The credit rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets are badly strained by the high spending for the healthcare system and top of the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank promised to help the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
Significantly, the effects are already in Nigeria, where only a few Ebola cases have been diagnosed so far.
It is not yet affected the ölreiche region in the southern Niger Delta.
But elsewhere, many people remain at home for fear of infection.
Hotel bookings are clear.
Protect celebrate its 50th anniversary
The protect Verein "pine forest" Berngau celebrates its 50th founding from 12 to 14 September.
Running at full speed to protect Verein pine forest preparations for the 50-year-old founder of 12 to 14 September.
On Friday, September 12, a large entertainment evening with the group "village rocker."
On Saturday, at 6pm, shoot the great Böll.
Then, the mood in the big marquee evening with "STOA Pfälzerwald SPITZ Buam."
Brass band provides the music
Highlights on Sunday are the festive divine service and 9.30 in the parish church and the great procession at 14: 00.
In the afternoon, the price is distribution of federal and Gauschießens.
A particularly beautiful sight will be the 25 women with their Dirndln.
The Chapel is the brass band Berngau.
The aegis have taken on Mayor Wolfgang Wild and Secretary Albert for field.
The original name "protect society pine forest Berngau" dates back to 1907, when on March 21, the association has been founded on the "social entertainment through exercise in Zimmerstutzen- and small-caliber shoot '.
In 1937, the Nazi regime had made the dissolution of the association.
Until 1964 have found themselves 19 young men to protect the "new" on April 30 in Gasthaus Lukas Verein "pine forest" Berngau baptised.
Karl March and Adolf Ried led the club than protect master through a difficult early days in which it mainly concerned to find a club locally and to install the gun operation.
Already in the autumn in 1965, protect the club in the pub "Inger" with two teams in the round competitions.
In the following years established to protect the sport, which now organized in seven teams were, in all classes to Gauliga 1.
The association records purzelten every year and the magic figure of 380 rings was reached for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
As the performance of active shooters have increased, have also developed a positive view of the membership numbers.
After the local association "little Inger" has no longer meets the requirements of a modern protection association, the former board under the leadership of John Rinn decided to create a future home in the cellars of the new "Landgasthof Härteis".
After a performance of 2700 hours gave the church blessing on 8 May 1988 pastor Strasser for the new protected areas.
One of the major highlights in the history of the club was certainly protect the 44th Gauschießen, combined with the solemn consecration of the new flag in July 1991.
On 23 and 24 April 1994, celebrated the 80th anniversary of his 30-year protection association.
A Böllergruppe has been founded in 1995.
Josef Schmalzl was Böllerreferent.
A major challenge for the "Böll more" and for the club as a whole was the focus of the Bavarian Böllertreffens in 2005.
The association members in the past year have modernized the rooms and the firing of the complex Berngauer Hof in many hours of volunteer work and put on the cutting edge of technology.
Eleven teams in round competitions
See can also protect the sporting achievements of the association.
There are currently 11 teams in the round competitions: Six air rifle teams, an air pistol team, a sporting pistols kk1, a youth and two Ah-teams.
The first team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi degrees and Kerstin Keller man is in the 2013 / 14 round of the League 1 Gauoberliga (highest league in Schützengau GTCU) in the district.
The second team with Verena moss Burger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml is of the Northern Gauliga in the Gauoberliga.
In addition to the shooting sports events such as a sting, rubber hoods and King Ball, club outing and Christmas tradition.
With the shooters are also in the celebrations in parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident in returning to the circuit
Tony Stewart's return to the circuit ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor speedway.
Stewart raced against the wall for the second time, after his right front tyre burst in round 172 and ended his night.
Stewart drove his damaged car in the garage and left it without speaking with reporters.
His team chief Chad Johnston said his 14-member team was disappointed, are now focusing on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we would have had a better use and a better result for him," Johnston said.
We will travel to Richmond and hope that we can do it better.
Stewart drove earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch in a wall and to the right side of his car repaired.
"I went into it today with quite good hopes for a good result," said Johnston, and added: "It hasn't worked."
Not long after the second accident was Stewart's car loaded into the tractor and the team had packed and was ready for departure.
Stewart could be three NASCAR Sprint Cup race, after his car struck and killed another driver in an ash race in the north of the state of New York.
He decided to return to this week, either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to win in order to win a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his job back, while an investigation into the tragic incident that led to the death of the 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. will be investigated. This was during a race on the road, in order to confront Stewart.
The authorities announced on Friday that investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has yet been made whether Stewart must count on a charge.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
For a start in 12th position, Stewart was already penetrated shortly afterwards in the first 10 and was temporarily at number four.
After a restart on lap 122, went bush
Venture with the No 18 out of control after the exit of curve 2 and collided with Stewart, with both cars drove against the wall.
Stewart went further, but fell back at number 21.
Dance joyful young sought
Just try: Laura, Lena, Lisa Marie, Bettina, Emma and head Lisa Neitzel (from left) look forward to campaigners.
Like many other clubs also makes the jazz groups in TV Jahn of full day teaching in secondary schools.
After the summer break, some groups have been decimated.
Now more offspring is sought for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
In the two jazz and modern-dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, a former dancer in the jazz and modern dance-band "Spirits," are just nine children.
"Three in the Group of 8 to 12 years, six in the group of Zwölf--15-year-olds," says the 20-year-old.
With more assets would make it much more enjoyable, "you could dance in other ballets," she says.
If you want to dance, is between 5 and 6 p.m. on Thursdays and Fridays between 17 and 6: 30 p.m. in the dancing room at the former Hotel Meyer, free street 9, non-binding saunter into the training of the hour.
"The training begins with a Aufwärmprogramm on a regular basis," the trainer says.
Then be different choreography practiced.
Jazz dance has the characteristic that there is no fixed form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements of folklore about classical music to sports and acrobatics are processed in jazz dance.
Of course, even the sociability is not too short.
"We are going to eat again, watching dance films and we have ever stayed in the dance space," says Lisa Neitzel.
In the group, you can make friends, share a wonderful hobby and still do a lot for their own motor development.
If jazz dance is not the case, you can also get into one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and young people can always Bambini Wednesday in the classroom in the areas of children dance / jazz dance, ballet, video clip-dancing and hip-hop saunter into the classroom.
The dance trainer is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
If you want to get Discofox, slow waltz, tango, Viennese waltz, rumba and CHA-CHA-CHA, may look over and join in.
Bulgarian prison warden protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison employees across Bulgaria have organized a nationwide protest before Justiziministerium in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their calls for the restoration of their old conditions that have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are on a call list, to be discussed with the Interim Minister Lychezar Ivanov.
The officials have been protesting for a month symbolically against the new working hours and call for a return to the previous 24-hour shifts.
No agreement was reached despite the meeting between the union of prison staff and representatives of the Justiziministeriums, reported the Bulgarian national ratio (BNR).
The negotiations are continuing, the Director-General of the implementation of sanctions, Rose Zhelyazkov told the BNR.
The protest by the prison staff is expected to be supported by members of the trade union association of employees of the Interior Ministry.
Ukrainian army has abandoned Luhansk airport
The prorussischen fighters are on the rise in eastern Ukraine.
After heavy battles in which were allegedly involved in Russian tank battalions, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, the airport has abandoned the Luhansk rebel stronghold.
The army has also stated that in the last 24 hours, seven soldiers had been killed.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko had already drawn human consequences from the heavy defeats of his army in the fight against the separatists and changes in the top army leaders announced no details.
Prorussische separatists shot the plane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops prorussische separatists again after its own presentation downed a fighter plane and two military helicopters.
Around 100 soldiers have also been killed or injured in combat in the Donetsk region, told the insurgents on Monday, according to Russian agencies.
Coastguard vessels sunk
The rebels also claimed to have sunk two Ukrainian coastguard boats for the first time in the Azov Sea.
The Ukrainian border police confirmed that two of its ships on Sunday near the port city Mariupol were under fire.
Here are seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev said the channel 112.ua.
Two crew members were missing in action.
Local media made Russia responsible for the incident.
The separatists also reported that several villages in the Donetsk region have brought under their control.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
In the Belarusian capital Minsk today meets Ukraine-Contact Group.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE should also participate in a messenger of the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
All the actors used their appearances to publicise its demands in advance.
NATO will not break agreements with Russia
NATO is sanctioned by the planned stat in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis does not break its agreement with Russia.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday, NATO is the founding agreement of the NATO-Russia Council of 1997.
But the NATO chief accused Russia of "a flagrant breach" of the agreement.
"Today, we must face the reality that Russia considers NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
Go from documents and statements from the Russian side, "that they regard us as enemies."
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced that he wants to strengthen the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
At a NATO summit in Wales to decide "readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we will have more visible NATO presence in the east, as long as it is necessary," Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow on some new Gasgespräche
Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks to resolve their gas dispute, according to official figures.
The negotiations were scheduled for Saturday, the Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Monday.
It will still waiting for a decision of the European Union, whether they also Posting a representative to the talks.
Because of the dispute over the gas price Ukraine for weeks gets no more fuel from Russia.
Finally, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger had mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could cut off the supply of gas to Europe.
Europe gets about a third of its natural gas from Russian sources, a large part of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel speaks Power Word: Toll will come "very clear"
Now it is committed to the Chancellor clearly once again.
A licence for all complicated details but it is not.
Persistent concerns against the car toll for the CDU, the CSU is wroth.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has spoken a word of power for the introduction of a car toll after persistent resistance from the CDU.
"To be clear: It is in the coalition agreement, and they will come," said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU-peak bodies in Berlin.
On a detailed model, Merkel is not yet clear.
In the black-and-red government program are "certain parameters."
Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) have "made a proposal, and will now go ahead."
The NRW-CDU, however, insists on their "no" vote to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) also put a constructive role in the discussions for a bill.
Beyond the issue, he spoke with Dobrindt also on other ways to enable more private capital for investment in infrastructure, such as the broadband expansion.
"There is nothing special." Schäuble had left a "mirror" report comments on Sunday, his house to check its own concept highway to reimburse investors with toll revenues - after the election in 2017.
CSU leader Horst Seehofer, then warned to develop toll concepts against the relevant ministers in the Cabinet.
CDU Federal Deputy Armin Laschet reiterated its objections.
"The coalition agreement was never expect to put all the authorities and federal roads," said the North Rhine-Westphalia CDU-country chairman.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Mr Seehofer announced now, once again, to talk about the issue.
Opposition to the plans also comes from the CDU-national associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
Background are fears that a toll affected local border traffic to neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had asked about the toll of criticism from within the CDU coalition loyalty.
The left sees the plans in the face of the dispute in the Union as a failure.
"The Murks toll is dead," said party leader Bernd Riexinger of "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"With the toll fails the minister." Dobrindt wants to introduce a new duty on all German roads, which is expected to start in 2016.
Domestic car owners may be charged according to the coalition agreement but not in addition.
Therefore, they should receive a full compensation for the toll on the car tax.
The model should not penalize foreign drivers but under EU law because of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she thought that they would die as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years.
Karin Rodgers lived almost their entire youth in the belief that they have only a few years to live, after she had been diagnosed with the disease.
It was indeed Charcot-Marie-tooth disease (CMT) - a group ererbter disorders that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK said that false diagnoses are a common problem for people with CMT, because so little is known about the disease.
About 23,000 people in Britain probably suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, an unsafe speed and curved toes.
Ill also suffer from numbness or pain, and the disease is progressive and incurable, which means that by the time the symptoms get worse.
As Rodgers was 13, they believed that they suffer Fried-ataxia (FA) - a disease with a very poor survival chances.
Rodgers thought they would sit in a wheelchair, before they were 18, and die before their 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, who is 51 years old today, said: "As a child I knew that I could not do the same as the others.
I fell steadily and it took longer for me.
I could never go with the other children skating or skateboard and was often in school because of my way to go and run gehänselt.
Rodgers said that they realised their medical records at the age of 13 years after several operations to the discharge of their Achilles and stretching their legs, when her doctor had left the room and read that they suffered from IAs.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I told this to anyone, but I went home and was looking for the disease in the library, and wrote to the FA-society," she said.
When I received answer, I was shocked and was dreadfully panic.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair with 18 and die with 25, and in between there would slowly lose all my skills.
I did it all alone with me and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she was 17, it was clear that their skills had not fallen as much as they had imagined and questioned their doctor.
He was simply to and hugged me and said, "my love, I do not believe that you have it, otherwise you're in a wheelchair now."
I believe that you have something far less life threatening.
After some genetic tests, was found at the CMT.
"When he told me what CMT was, I felt, as if I were a winner," she said.
CMT UK charity has launched a CMT Awareness month, in order to draw attention to this disease.
Staff sergeant A. D. Berni Diether works since the closure of the former Truppenübungsplatzes as fire workers
For almost ten years is no longer shot on the former Public in Spanish subsidiary.
Nevertheless, still lethal ammunition in the heart of the biosphere reserve Swabian Jura every month.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous that they need to be blown up.
A deafening bang echoes in the explosions on the heart of the biosphere reserve.
In December 2004, the last sharp shot fell to the Public Spanish subsidiary, which was closed at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operations.
Since that time is the 6500 hectare site at the heart of the biosphere reserve Swabian Jura that is open to 13 trails for hikers and cyclists.
Tax burden of businessmen in the Washington area is rising with the economic recovery
A recovery of the economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax rulings for companies in the country rose slightly last year, while the economic recovery accelerated in the past week, and the companies in the Washington area, according to a newly published study were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid $27.6 billion in state and local authorities together in the 2013 financial year, an increase of 3.8 percent compared to revenue of $26.6 billion in 2012.
The state and local tax burden of businesses rose by 4.3 percent to $671 billion last year, compared to 3.9 percent in the previous year, and it was the third year in a row after several years of falling voided in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes more than the local taxes, increased by 4.3 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the Center for State taxation, a tax policy group of the service agency Ernst & Young.
More than half of the District, 56%, revenue comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of Mary's revenues come from businesses.
Virginia has the lowest tax revenue from businesses, with 28 percent.
A large part of the increase in the tax revenue is due to a recovery of corporate real estate values, the researchers say, which led to an increase in property taxes at 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years with growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these profits came from big states like California, New York and Texas, the process seems appropriate for the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia paid more than $10 billion in state and local property taxes together last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - a 4.2 percent increase in the course of a year.
But the apparent recovery in the real estate values is not as effective in the increase of state and local tax revenues in Maryland, as in the real estate taxes amount to barely more than a fifth of corporate tax rulings.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
"Happens in Maryland is the following: A large part of the real estate, particularly in the tax area around D.C., either by the government or by non-profit organizations that do not pay property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes, for example, to be able to offer the same services that offer other states.
The recent recovery in tax revenues by companies cannot be attributed solely to the recovery of the property market
Corporate revenues also seem to recover, so the data.
Businesses in the region reported income taxes in state organizations of $2.3 billion compared to $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland took $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest amount in the region.
While the trend in the same direction, the local tax burden for businesses is not evenly in all three places.
The growth rate was significantly higher in the District corresponded with the national average of 4.3 percent, while the increase in Maryland, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported an average tax revenue from 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the lowest corporate income taxes (in all three with 6 percent in all three areas, there are strong business rates).
The corporate tax rate from 8.25 percent in Maryland and the District at relatively high 9,975 percent.
A similar study at the beginning of this year, the US Chamber of Commerce showed that lower state and local business taxes will be required in Virginia and a total of a better tax climate than in Maryland.
The district was not examined in the study.
Despite the advantages, Virginia has been under pressure from its southern neighbors.
North Carolina has passed laws to reduce its corporate tax rates in this year of 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the coming year.
If the government continues to achieve its revenue targets in the coming year, this law could reduce the state's corporate income tax rate to 3 percent by 2017.
In the meantime, it seems to be the small businesses in the Washington area, and they are therefore more state and local taxes, according to the latest study.
Corporate taxes, which are paid by small businessmen as personal income taxes - a transitional structure, organized by the most businesses - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose by 20 percent to $2.4 billion in the past year, a clear faster growth rate than the corporate taxes as a whole.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase in corporate taxes across the country will probably continue in this year, with an increase of general VAT revenue for the state and local governments by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period of the previous year.
However, if the spending cuts by the federal government has an impact on the labour market in the region, the Washington area could lag behind.
Partner city: German beer for Guangzhou
Malt and hops - also a popular combination in China.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's sister city in China now wants a brewery and also hopes on a direct flight between the two cities.
German beer brewed in Frankfurt partner city Guangzhou - this is the urgent desire of officials in China.
"We would be very happy if a German brewery would settle in our city," said the deputy party secretary of the southern Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, this week visiting an SPD delegation in his city.
Again and again, the official of China's ruling Communist Party in the course of the conversation came back to this concern of the Twelve-million metropolis.
Guangzhou in Germany, which is also known as Canton, is one of China's richest cities, warb Li.
Therefore, the people have the purchasing power of being able to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-filed Under, led the delegation of the German politicians, umhören told the host that he will be in Germany for a possible partner for the project.
"It needs for beer, not much: Good water, cereal and joy," he added at the top in Guangzhou to lunch with the party.
This joy strahle already from Mr Li, he flattered the hosts.
Then came the official from Guangzhou with shepherd-filed Under - but with red wine, which was served at dinner.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to German brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More commerce
A second wish of the Chinese hosts would be a flight-direct connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, deputy party chief Li said.
Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier, but removed for economic reasons in 2012.
"It would again be worthwhile," was convinced of local politicians.
"The commerce between our two cities will continue to rise."
Currently, passengers would have to take the detour via Changsha in Hunan province, accused Li.
The administration of Guangdong Province, whose capital is Guangzhou, also hopes for the flight.
The vice-governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, was this desire in his conversation with the Social Democrats in the foreground.
"This is a very good idea," said shepherd-filed Under - the Chinese Vice Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate knowledge of Germany, nodded approvingly.
The partnership
The "blessed Vice-party chief of Guangzhou hopes that he can visit to a partnership meeting in Frankfurt next year.
Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but is not yet in this function.
He came into office until this year, after his predecessor had been transported from the office for corruption charges.
Even the local party chief Wan Qing had to go.
The action against the officials from Guangzhou is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and the administration of President Xi Jinping with hardness.
The new leaders Li Yiwei had worked for an American company before his political career, which is highly unusual in the Communist Party of China.
Before his arrival in Guangzhou, he worked as a top official in Fujian, where the car maker Volkswagen built a great work.
Frankfurt's official partnerships have received more than a dozen cities.
Guangzhou, the connection to the 9,000 miles away is among those who will be maintained by both sides, such as a student exchange.
Last year, the 25-year anniversary was celebrated the German-Chinese connection.
The southern Chinese city on the Pearl River is almost as much as the whole of Hesse with its economic strength.
In the next year if they reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, reported Li.
Family of Joan Rivers "expresses the thumb."
Joan Rivers has been unconscious for three days before its delivery in a hospital in New York City; her daughter was now hopeful, however, that the 81-year-old comedy recovering from their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We all hit the thumb.
Her mother was, according to sources on Thursday after an emergency due to heart deadlock in a clinic on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, in the Mount Sinai hospital.
The doctors think they deliberately sediert and under close observation until they are satisfied with their condition, will continue to be described as "serious".
The reactions came from many quarters, even in the form of an overwhelming online support of Donald trump, neutralization Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaner and rising wages
For cars and vacuum cleaners come from today in the trade, apply stricter environmental standards in the future.
Like refrigerators and washing machines will receive new vacuum cleaner from September 1 to a label on which the buyer at a glance can identify key data such as the efficiency of the device.
Apply for new cars in the class of pollutants "Euro 6" tougher nitric oxide-values.
There are also more money for the framework of Bauer: To get a nationwide uniform minimum wage if euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed that information had reported on Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a variety of other things - buys the video streaming service Twitch for $1.04 billion (US $970 million).
The announcement is surprising, not because no one had expected a Twitch takeover, but because it was widely believed that YouTube would buy the company.
Three months ago, it looked as if the sale of Twitch decided to Google's video service for a cool billion. The cooperation also appeared, of course.
Twitch, which was founded as see only three years ago, was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead it has quickly become a platform for players who wanted their bravura pieces published in games, "YouTube for live games," said an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play," a video genre, in the opinion of the (mostly older) games give a veneer of secret science theatre, are already very popular on YouTube.
It is precisely that YouTube is often called, if you want to describe Twitch, so was the news that YouTube Twitch wanted to buy a little bored, a textbook example of an established technology company that buys a potential competitors.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube did not do so, because the company was reportedly willing to pay as much as Amazon.
Everything that we know at the moment is Emmet Twitch sheer, President of this statement: "We have decided on Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery is, frankly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me who say that they prefer to watch a sport, it is difficult to understand the attraction, the assumption that others watching the games themselves to take the control console in the hand.
It is one thing to see a friend at 3 o'clock in the morning on the shoulder while they trailed by resident Evil, and quite another to watch a spinner as 20 times in a row in Call of Duty is shot in the head.
You could see all these games right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games are ego games today, so the watch without control over the look of their own perspective can be a good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the quick passes, all of our electronic age in the Roger Bannisters complete games in record time, are entertaining.
But as long as it is not a game or humor virtuoso, his Twitch channel is probably not very interesting.
But what do skeptics like I already know of them?
Twitch is called by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic spikes.
And exactly how Amazon wants to make money from it?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch so elegantly integrated into Amazon instant Video, such as YouTube Twitch simply could swallow.
But Twitch has something that each company would like: Thousands of young men to be courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, sheer, said that Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the medium is showing no signs of contraction, yet not even - gulp - as a spectator sport.
On the bouncy castle on the castle garden festival was something on Saturday.
The concept of the organisers agreed.
Despite the strong Regengusses on Saturday evening, an estimated 1,200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the castle garden.
At times the admission had to be stopped.
"It was annoying," said Ron SEM, one of the organizers.
Salt Wedel light and fun.
For two Spanish words, Maxim Sachraj and Ron SEM have formed the name Amula.
Because the Open Air in Salzwedeler castle garden, brightness is broadcast on the day and in the evening by various shows.
Well, and the fun is by itself anyway.
It was already early Saturday, when the first visitors to the Open Air respect encouragement.
A feast for all generations promised the organizers.
And they succeeded in this.
Around the supply stands on the castle garden meadow had made it Salzwedeler, but also guests from the hotel and more comfortable surroundings.
It's the first live performances, wippten enjoyed with the foot to the beat of cool drinks - in short, relaxation and pleasure were the order of the day.
And across the generations.
While a on blankets on the extra angekarrten white sand at the beach bar lümmelten, others raged at a quarter of wine in the vinotheque frequently, the next generation on the bouncy castle, which was a big attraction for the smaller guests.
But the children's face painting the volunteers had to do with their hands in the truest sense of the word, in order to bring the crowds Mr and imaginative creations in the small faces.
The Wider took the kicker tables or participating in a skateboard-workshop, the good foot-crew from salt Wedel ausrichtete.
Until the heavy rain came.
Shortly before 5.30 p.m. prasselte it down to the visitors, especially families sought the vastness and dry.
But the attractiveness of the feast, it did no harm.
"There were more people than expected," said Ron SEM, spoke of a "success on the line."
This is not a repeat of the major party in the coming year.
Although still needs to be worked on the content and the size of the event, Shem made clear in a first assessment on Sunday against the voice of the people.
He described as annoying that had to be stopped at the entrance.
Obviously, the security company had been booked with too little power.
The result: Some people who had already paid, were no longer on the site.
The response has been very good.
In a first cautious estimate said the Salzwedeler co-organizer of about 1,200 visitors, which is in the castle garden once thronged.
There have been problems with the sound.
The Salzwedeler hip-hop band blocks' n 'Rox broke their appearance so unnerved.
The technicians were not in a position to create a fairly reasonable sound.
The planned shisha lounges could not be built because the tents because of a puncture could not be brought to salt fronds.
"Next year it will be there," says the organiser.
The premiere of Amula-Open-Air was more of the visitor numbers as successful.
And in bad weather.
However, the organisers have some mistakes, which will be forgiven for the first time, but must be eliminated in the second edition.
The organizers also have criticism in the social network Facebook.
"Sorry, but for 12 euros, you simply expected more," says Melanie Meier on the event page.
"Unfortunately, ye assumed a bit," says Ele Zimmermann at the same place.
Others see the initial problems not quite so closely.
I think it is very good that some chat not only stupid, but also really try to put something on their feet.
Jon!, "writes Stephanie Jenß Amula.
Now the organisers remains a year to put a stop to these criticisms.
New in Radom Berkum: Guard's landmark is shrinking
It is not as expected.
It is the ready device to be used in the distinctive building.
The action is in the context of a larger measure: Nearly 50 years after the establishment of the space surveillance radar TIRA, the shell, the so-called Radom, completely renovated.
The new Radom 47.5 meters in diameter will be slightly smaller than the old one.
But the size is still a world record.
The final step is to complete the new shell of caps exchange
The upper quarter of the old shell will be cut and removed with a crane.
After the last quarter of the new box set up.
If the weather is nice enough, the action at the beginning of this week should go on the stage.
A participant at the Ice-bucket Challenge dislocates jaw
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom cried so much as their cheap water was poured over the head that they violated the bone structure of her face.
The Ice bucket Challenge was painful in addition.
A woman was hospitalised after she had cried so much in the Ice-bucket Challenge to the jaw ausrenkte.
Isabelle Roberts from the United Kingdom circle "so much as their cheap water was poured over the head that they violated their facial structure.
"The water was so cold that I shouted, and while I was the fact, my jaw just stand," she said to The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but it was not, the jaw was top, and then I realized that something was wrong.
My mother and my sister saw it and started laughing almost in the pants, but I was in the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from the United Kingdom was hospitalised in order to allow the jaw einrenken again after participating in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip was linked to an Internet sensation and a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
The castle clubs will soon be back in the same direction?
Finally, there were always unite dispute between the two Wolf Council Hauser castle.
Now the boards are thinking about a possible cooperation.
As a model for the reconstruction of the Wolf Council Hauser Castle, the late Richard Dimbath, a former chairman of the Council of the Wolf Hauser castle friends, having the project in France.
A year ago, there was no good climate between the club and the castle friends Wolfratshausen.
So far, the positions, as Hauser Castle and a possible reconstruction should be dealt with the history of the Wolf Council seemed very different.
Now the two sides move to each other, it will soon be held talks on a common approach.
Confirm that the club stands Torsten Invest (Castle) and Herbert Piffl (and friends) on demand of our newspaper.
"I have called Mr Piffl and suggested that we could sit down together again," Invest reported.
In his view, all members of both clubs could pull together again in the future.
So there are visible results more quickly.
While the castle suddenly friends with the late Richard Dimbath until recently had an eye on a reconstruction of the castle in the mountain forests, the "development and Erlebbarmachung" for the club to Invest is at the forefront of the terrain.
Herbert Piffl, second president of the castle friends, has become very pleased about the call by its own account.
Since Dimbaths death, it is the castle friends.
A new chairman is to be found in a general meeting in mid-September.
The club is currently around 40 members, according to the 74-year-olds.
"We have the club activities out of respect for the death of my friend Richard Dimbath first leave." This "thinking period" would have been necessary in order "to consider how it could continue."
According to the Piffl, the new chairman will then go into the conversation with the club.
In the meantime, the castle friends could also make a current mood within their group.
A candidate for the presidency, there is not yet says Piffl.
"But I am confident that someone will find." He himself will not stand because he has his residence in Bad Toelz.
The new chairman should be a wolf council houses.
The Toelzer wants to continue to contribute to the project "but very happy."
The different views in terms of reconstruction in the eyes Piffls would remain in the near future.
He appreciates Dimbath as a "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already far advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
By a large part of the population, as well as volunteers from all over the world, they are a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "I was skeptical at first.
But over time, I am more and more to the conclusion that it is sensible to press ahead with the project. "We could create a" unique selling point "for the raftsmen city.
Here, there is nothing else.
Moreover, the project by EU subsidies, visitor tickets and potential sponsors would be affordable, believes Piffl.
"The idea of reconstruction will jettison I personally is not easy." He hope that the club at this point might make a difference.
Their goal, first to document the history, "is important and good."
Then we could see further.
Clever ways to save on university textbooks
As the cost of college textbooks for many students are more than $1,000 per year, is considered a clever austerity idea of fast-second-semester student Matt Schroeder.
He invented a temporary system for books by students of higher semester and offered a nominal compensation to delay the sale.
"My math book normally costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a chick-fil-A-biscuit," said Schroeder, 19, who visited the Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester would have cost him $430, he said.
He gave $120.
The College Board said that students spend an average of more than $1,200 a year for textbooks and study materials that there were options for the students but different costs.
Online shops and creative approaches such as the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for the students.
Renting textbooks is popular, and so students can use a book for a semester, often at a much lower price than at the time of purchase.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, said that the hiring of text books have doubled since 2011.
In the industry surveys show that about a quarter of the books was hired last spring semester in college bookstores, Neebos Vice President Tevor Meyer said.
Less than half of all textbooks are purchased, according to the trade group National Association of College Stores in campus bookstores.
Here is the ABC for the best deals.
Buying online
Some new books online cost only a third of the price for which they are to have the campus bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" VNO Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be purchased at the specialized Chegg.com textbook retailer for 239,99 $.
Buy used
If one of the notes or normal usage tracks represent nothing, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is needed in Chegg.com for 93,49 $.
Matt Casaday, 25, a student at Brigham Young University, says that he has spent 42 cents on Amazon.com for a second edition of "Strategic Media decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was recently sold for $48.
Academics like Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls advised students and their professors ask whether earlier editions are acceptable.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant to the seminar work.
In such cases, elderly spending can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
Chegg and Amazon is also a popular alternative for used books helped EverestPoker.com of eBay Inc.
Rents
Renting textbooks is worthy of consideration, if you treat them fairly well, remember, back to you and you do not want to keep the books at the end of the course.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a new book purchases.
For example, a student might rent "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Learn more about the terms of the transaction in which you rent, including on the criminal charges, the case for the writing of notes, underscores or use traces.
Tenants beware: If you don't return the book, the criminal charges may even exceed the price of a new book.
E-books
E-books instead of traditional textbooks are also an option.
Sometimes these books are de facto rented by an electronic license will be provided by large retailers such as Amazon.com, Chegg, Barnes & Noble Inc. for a certain period of time.
Chegg can rent "Calculus" for six months for about $61.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best deals, as many classics today can be downloaded for free, while scientific and engineering science textbooks can be very expensive.
Look themselves in any case.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon visit the PEPPER dine Law School, recommends the ISBN number for the provision of prices for books, because you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And in an online order remains to be seen, so Gault, whether the book is actually stock.
This lesson he learned the hard way.
He had bought a book that four weeks delivery time and eventually paid the full price in the college bookstore.
Why was no blockbuster "Guardians of the Galaxy"
"The Expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone played less than $30 million of its budget of $90 million in the United States, while "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" only $12 million of its budget of $70 million album.
The film "Sex tape" tailored to Cameron Diaz played only $14.6 million on opening weekend, while children's films such as "tame dragons made easy 2" also disappoint in revenue.
An article in the Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that the lack of quality in the films themselves in children's films could be the reason.
Collin described as "the worst year" in 2014 so far for children's films and described "dragon tame made easy 2" as a "functional" fantasy sequel.
In films for a slightly older audience, it seems as if the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore- and Meta critic rating for every summer film start between the American Memorial Day and July 20, 2013 and was shown in the current year to at least 2000 canvases.
The results are based on the opinions of cinemagoers and film critic and suggest that this year's film hits are equivalent to those of last year.
Some commentators believe that the development is due to changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of Web-streaming services such as Netflix.
The director Jon Favreau, is currently working on Disney's upcoming jungle book movie, the Hollywood reporter on the website said: "I believe that the times are changing."
We must accept that and do not try to run in the past.
In contrast to the currently weak funds results of Hollywood productions, Netflix streaming content in recent sales of $1.2 billion, almost twice as much as last year, in which sales totaled $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg's film studios to ensure that they are very focused on Harry Potter of comics and predicted a "meltdown" in Hollywood.
Seen in the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that its grim prophecy could contain a real core.
Due to the potential blockbuster expected in the summer of 2015, including Aven Gers: The Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, however, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of X-Men, Simon Kinberg, recently described the decline of cash results as simply "cyclical" and said to the Hollywood reporter: "The next summer will be the biggest summer at the cinema office at all, and no one is more concerned about the business."
The second table tennis-district class for streamlining the digit-division was removed from a few years ago, this is a step in the right direction.
The German Federal table tennis has now taken an additional 3 Bundesliga into the program.
The result: Anyone who does not has risen, has left.
It has avoided goddess gene classes tallest team torpedo in the Oberliga Relegation while the descent, but only fünftklassig plays in the coming season.
Viertklassig torpedoes are women, despite their grandiose march in the regional league.
The boys and girls of torpedo will start in the Lower Saxons League, as well as the boys of the SC Weende.
The SG ling learning and enter the torpedo-reserve in the league of the new association, no more Göttingen clubs are represented in the National League.
In the ladies, TTV Geismar plays in the league, the torpedo-second in the National League.
What looks like a better district of the composition class, is now the new Upper South League.
TSV seul glistening, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bove, SV, Langenholtensen, the FC Weser and the TTC.
In the District League play as a regional representative off the field and the SC Weende, in the district of TTC II, rot-Weiss, Bove of SV II and the teams of TTV Geismar II and III The Oberliga district of ladies at least begins to strength.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are on board.
In the District League start running Torpedo III and lush film / Wöllmarshausen.
With nine teams
The SC Weende sends his girls in the small district league.
The District-league season starts the SCW-boys - there still Torpedo II - is not complete.
In a district class Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bove, SV go into the season.
In the first season of the new region association start the two Göttingen circle leagues with nine teams.
In the West Squadron, the red-white II, Bove of SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, off fields SC II, Mielenhausen and SG ling learning.
Play in the East-season, among other things, lush (/ Wöllmarshausen, Nicholas Berg and Landolfshausen.
The ladies-circle League consists of lush Mitte / Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, seul Stadtorchester II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
That is still better than in Ostroda county, where there is no more ladies teams at county level.
Remarkably, none of the six 2.Kreisklassen is strength, here the innovative and dynamic County Board will ever need to worry about.
NATO summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend, there were protests by opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport to an anti-NATO march.
On Sunday, about 150 people from the local town hall in Cardiff came together to hold a so-called anti-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has followed the developments over the weekend for us and spoken to protesters who have travelled from Bridgend in Belgium.
Teenager flown from the Blue Mountains
Two teenage bush walkers were brought to safety with the winch, after they were caught on the night in the Blue Mountains in NSW.
The 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man broke shortly after Sunday lunch in Govetts Leap in Blackheath on their tour.
Worried relatives called the police around 8 p.m., when the two were not returned home.
A search party of local police and rescue services, and the couple was found around 11 p.m. near the bridal Veil Falls.
The girl was injured in the knee and the man was overthrown and had his head turned.
Rescue workers stayed overnight at the couple, and they were flown on Monday morning.
They were admitted with an ambulance in the Blue Mountains Hospital in stable condition.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The roughly 1,000 protesters had been pushed by soldiers from the PTV building, Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said.
The broadcaster have resumed after a half-hour broadcast.
PTV director Athar Farooq said that the protesters equipped with sticks had damaged equipment in the editorial.
Deaths or injuries were not reported.
The protesters are calling for the resignation of the government, which they accuse electoral fraud.
The police said that it was about a mile away from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday again come to clashes of around 3,000 demonstrators with security forces.
A policeman was injured after hospital data.
At the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured when protesters tried to penetrate to Sharif residence.
They are calling for the resignation of the prime minister.
The powerful military had on Sunday evening after a meeting at the army headquarters called for a political solution to the conflict, "without wasting time and without the use of force."
Further, it said in the statement: "The army remains committed to its role, to ensure the security of the state."
The escalating violence has fueled concern before the intervention of the military, which has taken more frequently in the past.
The protests led by opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri last since Independence Day on August 14.
Sharif rejects a resignation.
Khan and Qadri had called their supporters on Sunday to endure.
"We will not go back, without Sharif to have been forced to resign," Khan said.
Qadri expressed similar.
Khan accuses Sharif of having won the parliamentary election in May last year through fraud.
Qadri is calling for the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
It is an interim government to reform the electoral system and call new elections.
More than 40 000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had first peacefully before Parliament waited until this weekend to Khan and Qadri called Sharif residence.
Österreichs after second season victory in third place in the table.
With the 2-0 on Grödig a bitter week for Rapid has taken a hoping end on Sunday.
"The victory is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached a low with the death in the Europa League on Thursday.
"The sense of achievement was incredibly important," confirmed captain and Müller Steffen Hofmann, who came in third place with green and white.
Schrammel Traumtor brings Rapid on winning street Rapid has shown the right response to the disappointment with the second season victory against Helsinki and comes with a success in the countries game break.
"We wanted to show a positive response," said foreign defender Thomas Schrammel, with its splendid leadership-volley from Sechzehnereck has asked the course to victory in the 14th minute.
"I thought, I Hau all the frustration of Thursday purely and schnalzte it under the bar," said the 26-year-old smiling.
The last time Schrammel on 13 Novmember 2010 so far had taken in a league game, it was still in Ried.
The first championship match in Rapid-dress will therefore remain in special memory.
"This is something special for me, I am from the Rapid-kids," said Schrammel.
Due to the short-term pelvic-Blessur of Mario Pavelic became Schrammel from the left to the right defensive side and also did very well in his cause.
He has enough experience, that he can put this position also reversed.
The gate has earned it, he has done some assists this year already, "praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel delivered Hofmann's flank for 2-0 after an hour, that finally brought the decision.
Because before that could well can also contact the guests.
"Thank God we have had a bit of luck today," said Schrammel, alluded to the divergence of performance and result in recent weeks: "The results have not voted, but the playful was always good compared to last year."
Barisic was, in fact, that it was "in many games before better than today" - against "the strongest team that has played in this season in this stadium."
The first Dreipunkter since July 26 have therefore proved that the team structure is intact despite the setbacks: "Today my team has shown that it has character."
Equally pleasing for him: "That we finally have played back to zero."
A lot of work while countries break Even the fact that Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni alar and Michael Schimpelsberger mourning several failures, and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp pushed be citizens gave their Startelfdebüts makes the victory even more valuable.
"We must not forget that," warned Barisic, which lost in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic players, "which were very stable in recent times."
The countries break should therefore be used to "lick wounds and purchase a bit in physical terms," said Barisic, which has five U21 squad players in its ranks.
The break is particularly suits, one is Captain Hofmann.
He breaks for the team, goes beyond pain over it.
In this difficult stage, he has shown that he is a very important player for us, "noted Barisic.
Hofmann gave the Rapids game before his replacement in the 68 minute not only the structure, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-olds, who completed his 350. Bundesliga game, it was the first hit out of the game since 2 November 2013 (4: 2 on the eigentlich).
Hofmann: "Cannot believe that everything now is good," "We have certainly had a bit of luck, but eventually the happiness must come back to us.
Now it was time, "he said.
He warned, however, remain to be concentrated: "You should not always black and white.
In the last few weeks we have not played as badly as it has been presented.
But we must not think that all is well.
He did not deny the importance of his role for the team.
It is a very young team that I can help a lot at the moment.
To keep themselves in certain phases, but to me, "he said.
Grödig-coach Michael Baur himself and his team had few complaints.
He regretted the fast against hits "from the category Zaubertor," as well as the regular gate of the farm in the 40th minute by referee Kollegger had been wrongly denied.
The only criticism I can make the team is that we were not specific enough towards the gate at some stages.
Because we have had too few qualifications.
Inside defender Maximilian Karner looked like it: "It is a bad start, but we have only found and even made a gate.
On the whole, it would have been better.
Under this view, there is peace and quiet
A powerful tribe showed us to our puzzle for the summer series "My piece of Rhöner happiness" last Friday.
There are still a number of these giant trees in the county, the copy is the "Geißruheiche" above under white aroma.
A bumpy one walk leads up to the 600-year-old oak tree.
It is past couple, basalt outcroppings and basalt stone seas.
A little bit below the quarry from Bauer Berg, a mile north of the road after Weisbach, this is it.
Vital is the natural monument, it stands on the other trees in the area and remembers with a circumference of about eight metres of an American mammoth tree.
A small Buddha on a tree stump suggests that it is a spiritual or mystical place.
But, despite intensive research, there was no mention in the name of origin.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider has extra consulted the Bischofsheimer archive and questioned under white aroma of older people to learn what Bewandtnis it has with the Geißruheiche.
The result of his research was the very sober explanation for the name.
According to about 80 years ago have driven the goat shepherd of their animals under white hours on the meadows laboriously cleared and released by stones.
At the foot of the tree, the animal keeper exhausted by the rise should have rested.
In the meantime, the area has regained its importance for actually feed on the meadows and goat herds.
The area has also been declared the core area of the Biosphere Reserve, Schneider has found further.
When entering the stone collections should be cautious, however, because the basalt heated by the sun is also a popular haunt for otters.
A path leads from under white aroma to the tree, but something is hidden.
Other routes are signposted, the direction high Rhön climb and to invite a long hike.
Where is the water castle?
A water castle, which is looking at our next task, however, is rather rare to find in height.
The reflection in the ditch is already a good impression from the building, but we have a number of historic buildings in the county, which could fit the building portrait.
Where is our "piece from Rhöner happiness"?
My piece Rhöner happiness
As in previous series of the Main Post in recent years, there is this year again to win prizes, if they have the right solution.
Those who themselves photographed can also participate.
In the e-mail address red.neustadt @ mainpost.de you can send us the solution and your personal "piece from Rhöner happiness" under this heading.
The most beautiful photos are published.
After weeks of tug-of-war against strong conservative opposition to the EU summit last week, Italy's Prime Minister and current EU president, Matteo Renzi, the nomination of its Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini enforced as head of the EU's foreign policy, you will be the successor of the British woman, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi viewed as the favorite in the government team, as the government reflects near La Repubblica newspaper, the appeal of his current Mogherini as a strengthening of the Social Democrats and his own position in the EU.
He is also a boost for his "package" in Italy.
Last but not least hopes Renzi, so as to make the left-wing party base repeatedly risen against him calm, because she is assigned to this - albeit more in a moderate way -.
With the conservative representatives will be nominated by President Jean-Claude Juncker and the Council Poland, Donald Tusk, the prevailing view in Rome, made for a political settlement.
For the EU's chief diplomat, at the same time, deputy chairman of the Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval of the EU Parliament is regarded as safe.
Otherwise President Giorgio Napolitano the nomination of the 41 year politician of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) hardly called an "important recognition" of Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica widespread optimism that she would cope with the "enormous challenges" in leading Parteiämtern proven and known for its ambition for nearly two decades.
The native Rom is married and has two daughters.
Her political career began the doctorate throughout 1996 in the youth organization of Democratici di Sinistra (left Democrats) in 2008 with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita together to today's Socialist PD castle.
In 1999 she was Vice-President of the European community organization of Socialist Youth (European Young Socialists) for three years.
With the election in 2001 the Parteirat of the left-wing Democrats, they rose in the high level of party politics, worked in the department of foreign policy, whose head was them soon.
They occupied traditional Italian foreign policy priorities, such as the Middle East, was known by studies for the NATO forces in Afghanistan, where Italy is involved with a troop contingent, used the contacts to the Social Democrats in Europe and to the Democrats in the US.
Since 2008, it is a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she is an expert on defense and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became Premier in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini's Foreign Minister.
If the PD again today has a better relationship with strong peace movement in the country, which have contributed to more than 40 percent of the votes of the party in the EU elections in May, then, as noted in PD-circles, Federica Mogherini played its part.
The reproaches in Brussels, the EU's new foreign officers have too little diplomatic experience, that lacks in substance, is out in the PD.
In Brussels, especially from Poland and the Baltic members, mistrustful realistic touches her following the crisis in Ukraine and vilified as "Russia-friendly course.
It supports the South Stream pipeline operated by the Russian company Gazprom, the Russian natural gas is to be transported directly to Southern Europe, bypassing Ukraine, which also serves the energy security of Italy.
After Renzi in July had taken his term as chairman of the EU, she went on her first state visit to Moscow.
The photos showed them to shake hands with Putin, the Kremlin chief for October in Brussels with outrage, just that they were invited to a Milan economic summit.
A total of nine young people have started their training at emz Nabburg-1 on Monday.
This is a trainee, who has previously completed another training in the company.
In four occupations are the new employees working in the future: Engineer (three trainees), humidity (two), Werkzeugmechaniker (two) and procedural mechanics (two).
All the trainees come from the district of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer Schmidgaden, John Beer from nine castle in the forest, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel care-free and Sebastian Zahner Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees visited before main or secondary schools and secondary schools.
The trainees of all vintages and the trainers to a team-building event to Oberammergau drive from Wednesday to Friday, where, among other things, a whole day hike and rafting on the Inn on the program.
The company counts deutschlandweit 435 and 950 employees worldwide.
The number of trainees spread across all vintages.
The Socialists in France should "shut up and put France in order," said the most important ally of Francois Hollande.
Mr Valls called the deeply divided left to show "their love" for the controversial socialist president, whose cabinet reshuffle is met with disapproval at the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his side," he said to loud applause.
As anodyne gesture was the Prime Minister insisted that his government's controversial 35-hour week in France despite intense demands for a relaxation of the rules of the new economy minister, Emmanuel Macrons, will not call into question.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande urged his Mitsozialisten to show "united" with the government.
But the justice minister, Christiane Taubira, rubbing sand in the gears, in which she appeared at a meeting breakaway socialist deputy and the Socialist Party attacked that they take "the belief in their future," the French.
Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader of the National Front, derided the constant infighting of the socialists and said that they could not imagine that the new Valls government would stick for more than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls also has no, they are not forced to form a new government, if the old times has survived a summer.
"And the new will also do not survive the fall or winter," said Miss Le Pen told supporters.
They repeated their party's reputation after a dissolution of Parliament and said she was confident to emerge victorious in early elections and is ready for government.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was in the EU elections in May.
A poll in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche showed that 76 percent of French people are of the opinion that the Socialist Party is the risk to crumble before the end of 2017 in several rival groups of Hollande's tenure.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the University of Sciences Po, warned that the French would quickly lose patience if the new Socialist government cannot improve the economy and record unemployment figures.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but public opinion must quickly feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise shortly before a deal with Prestige cruises from $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third largest cruise travel provider, according to industry insiders advanced negotiations for the purchase of rival Prestige cruises International Inc for about $3 billion.
A deal would Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, give access to the luxury cruise ships of Prestige cruises and its wealthy clientele, while it is in competition with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, the sources said on Sunday and warned that the talks could also end without result.
The owner of Prestige cruises, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also has a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the negotiations were not public.
Representatives of Prestige cruises and Norwegian Cruise has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo rejected a comment.
The company based in Miami Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean Sea, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue in 2013 2,57 $billion, an increase of 13 percent compared to 2012.
Prestige cruises, also based in Miami, Oceania and Regent operates under the brand names, which jointly operate eight Cross driving ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenue of $1.2 billion for 2013, an increase of 6 percent compared to the previous year.
The cruise industry is a total of about $29 billion, and in the next few years is expected for them due to the strengthening of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
The companies are trying to position themselves for these new customers as the best choice for the cruise operators.
Prestige cruises requested the IPO in the US regulators in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since an $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise provider owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino conglomerate under the control of the Malaysian multimillionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise went on the stock market in January 2013.
Genting held at the end of June, according to the licensing authorities, 28 percent of the shares, Apollo 20 per cent of the shares and the private equity company TPG Capital LP an 8 percent stake in the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean cruises and Norwegian Cruise together according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige cruises have 82 percent of passenger capacity to American cruise ships.
Pro-Hong Kong-activists condemn China on the day after the election.
A Beijing loyalty group waving the Chinese flag in the vicinity.
The standing committee of the National People's Congress passed a law that allows only two or three candidates for the leadership election in Hong Kong in the year 2017 on Sunday.
All candidates must first get the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to be filled with Beijing loyal members.
By this decision will make it almost impossible for opposition Democrats to be allowed to run and led pro-democracy activists to test its threat and closing with "Occupy Central" -program paralyse the financial centre of Hong Kong.
China's political reform has long been a contentious issue in Hong Kong; and the party leadership fears that calls for democracy will extend to other cities.
After the publication of a White Paper Beijing where China's dominance has been outlined in June on Hong Kong, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the electoral process in the special administrative region, in which hundreds of thousands marched in the city's business district and organized a sit-in there.
Lis survey is organised by the government in Hong Kong and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
The vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the Law Commission, Zhang Rong Hun, as well as the deputy director of the office for Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council, Feng Wei, should be consulted in the course of the day.
Student activists announced to gather on the afternoon before the leadership office in Hong Kong.
Britain saw no democratic elements until the final stage of the 150-year colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin calls for the inclusion of "statehood talks" with eastern Ukraine from Kiev
The Russian President Vladimir Putin told Russian media reported on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately begins with negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskow made clear later that Putin will not have meant that the area under the control of separatists in eastern Ukraine is a part of Russia, but that his status should be redefined to Ukraine, in order to give the power to represent the rights and interests of the Russian-speaking region.
Putin's call to the Kiev government suits negotiations on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents but to the strategy pursued by him since the beginning of the riots five months apparently: Support for the separatists in the adoption of areas and put pressure on the Ukrainian government to allow the newly proclaimed Novo Rossija region de facto independence for an alliance with Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with the state television station Channel One, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture areas held by the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were taken in March and April, after Moscow had annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently adopted this area as "Novo Rossija" or "New Russia," a term that recalls the vorrevolutionäre heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin and Ukrainian politicians pointed out that all those during the campaign for the elections on 26 Oct. while government groups attacking civilian communities in the areas held by separatists hope for early peace talks "trapped in their illusions," Itar-TASS reported.
"We must immediately begin detailed discussions, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the state status of south-eastern Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people who live there," he said.
Peskow said that Putin's reference to the statehood should be seen in the context of the greater autonomy, which will be discussed by the Kiev leadership for months, in order to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern areas, Peskow said.
We are not talking about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, Peskow said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine."
The clarification of the Kremlin spokesman to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored Russia's leadership in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east, in contrast to the direct Annektion Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million residents are ethnic Russians.
Moscow could have been far more difficult to annex the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are no Russians and polls arose from the time before a broad majority for the whereabouts of the conflict in Ukraine.
The autonomy, which was raised by Russian diplomats at international forums, the regional governments in Ukraine would give authority to negotiate trade agreements and external relations of their own, and thus give the Kremlin de facto control over an area that combines the Russian territory with the Crimea.
The five months ago annexed peninsula in the Black Sea is the home port for the bulk of the Russian navy, as well as an important trading port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and Crimea is also rich in mines, factories and foundries that produce important components for the Russian military.
The Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko suggested in his speech to the inauguration on June 7 that the Ukrainian legislation - after new elections - should consider amendments to the Constitution, the respective areas will be given greater control over its finances and the status of languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to be in sharp contrast to those of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, which is accused of arming and incitement of Moscow.
Putin's last call for Kiev to negotiate with the separatist leaders on an equal footing, followed by a further encroachment of the rebels in the past week, after Russian troops and tanks have penetrated through the previously peaceful region along the Azov Sea in eastern Ukraine.
The Russian-supported separatists took over the coup, according to Ukrainian security officials fear is the first step of a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region to Crimea, the control of Nowoasowsk.
For this reason massive civilian and military preparations are under way to fix Mariupol, a steel industry port with 500,000 inhabitants, which lies between Nowoasowsk and narrow access to the Crimea.
Poroshenko said on Saturday at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels and asked an urgent need for action to prevent a further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which is independent for 23 years.
"We are just at the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit decided no concrete actions, the lead the draft demanded further sanctions against Russia, which will come into force in a unspezifizierten escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilowajsk, after two Russian armored columns and 1,000 soldiers broke last week in the Donetsk region, in order to support the besieged separatists, said Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council Repo on Saturday in Kiev.
The first probably 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped by the Russian invasion in Ilowajsk were exchanged on Sunday against 10 Russian paratroopers who were captured in a week on Ukrainian territory, said Lysenko on Sunday.
Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko nude photo scandal
Geoffrey most precious made no secret of his anger on the hackers may have stolen nude pictures of his fiancee Gabi Grecko and a Who's Who of Hollywood A-celebrities.
The film is a town in excitement, after a series of clear photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence in a hacking scandal celebrities have appeared on the Internet.
The hacker responsible for this probably has 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star of the "Tribute of panem" and of superstars, including the model Kate Upton and CARA Delevingne, the singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, from the Australian actresses and Grecko from Melbourne, supposedly private photos were known as a result of an iCloud gap.
There are 101 celebrities on the list.
Most precious, who last month had engaged with Grecko, said to Confidential: "It is disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information stolen and can be passed on to others.
Grecko, at the time in New York, reportedly told a news website that the hack was "shameful" and that the victims "felt" violated.
The hacker has probably 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two shots, in which she is topless in a swimming pool.
The Palmers film works include "love is invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck-Star Strahovski and the actress Browning from sucker Punch yesterday were not available for comments on the hacked images.
A representative Lawrence 'Did to said: "It is a horrendous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth roe, the hacker in his tweet: "Chopped images from a mobile phone to post is nothing other than the sale of Hehlerware."
From a purely legal point of view, the continued spread of stolen images should not be tolerated.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers were yesterday at the 8th cycle on the Great Feldberg here and have supported for the club "help for children with cancer."
The tour, which was an ordeal for the first, was a light training for the others.
In one, but all agree that it was fun.
Thomas Studanski should have slept well last night.
Because for the first time in his life is the boss of the Oberurseler brewing house yesterday with the wheel on Feldberg.
For the good cause.
The small muscles he can easily cycle metro, because his presence on 8 on the Great Feldberg in favor of the association "help for children with cancer" (Frankfurt) also personally have brought a valuable insight.
A great thing.
"I now know that I can do that, fine."
Small quick break on the road in the applause curve?
Then, once I had stopped, have been warming's out...
As Thomas Studanski, sitting of Parliament for the CDU in Oberurseler city, tortured many of 718 participants in Frühtau yesterday to mountains and came close to exhaustion, but happy to the plateau.
Others found it easier to overcome the 11-kilometre route between high mark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner for example.
All of the Greens politician from the local authority - red dress in red, red bike - made at the start there is something to understatement ("Any amount professionals, arriving the goal!"), was then on the mountain but as a semi-professional and went through the goal after 45 minutes without Dyspnoe.
He is also the track in one go through threats, as well as Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman of the city had made Oberursel together with Frank green iron on the way.
For the two triathletes, the "Feldberg-cycle" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, because we are happy with it - an exit if we had already done today," said Kuhn.
On the way they had met Paul Wenzel from Upper tyre mountain.
The boy (12) was down on the morning after Oberursel dangers to return immediately to climb to the top.
The Frankfurt Florian Zierz knurls had gathered in the morning at 9 p.m. at home in the saddle, "made" the Feldberg twice, and then to roll home with fun.
Fun also had "Fries-Toni."
For the head of the Oberurseler cult kiosk include cycling on Feldberg simply.
He had targeted with its 6.5-kilo-bike 40 minutes.
A crazy event.
For this purpose, because I like it, "said Andreas Balzke.
By itself, the trained Mainz says that he is an "ambitious" racing cyclist.
He must also be, because he was travelling with the "Fixie-wheel" that are also racing bikes, but without circuit...
There was also without wheel loose upwards, proved not only the 20 hikers, who grew up on the white wall and the fox dance to the summit, but also a joggers, of a car tyres on a cord with weights behind Duke.
Mountain Rescue Service-doctor Professor Volker Lischke, who was with his team, equipped with all-wheel-bully and Quad, for safety, said: "The performance of" I from Frankfurt, trained for a special sleigh Trail, only that he prefers the sled halt itself. "The man is in his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - and so many like never before - had been sent in groups on the track in the morning.
The hikers at 9.30 a.m. first.
It was followed by the first cyclists and runners at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes later laid the first mountain bikers.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association was "cycle on the Great Feldberg," race commands and wish the participants have a nice trip.
For next year, he hope that it will be possible to block the route to Feldberg up on the safety of the participants.
