Juankosken city of Kuopio city in early 2017.
Kuopio City Council approved a joint unanimously on Monday.
Juankosken City Council approved the joint last week.
To clarify the merger, was also involved in Tuusniemi municipality, but the council decided that Tuusniemi continue as an independent.
Kuopio Juankoski decide separately the implementation of the next municipal elections.
Municipal elections will be held again in 2016.
After the accession of Juankosken population of Kuopio is about 111 000.
India and Japan's Prime Ministers will meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister Narendra Modi meets Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo, to discuss economic and security relations, the first major foreign visit after the election victory of May.
Modin five-day visit to Japan aimed at strengthening economic relations between the world's third largest economy.
The discussion of topics from the tip of the plans for expanded nuclear cooperation.
Also, India is said to be interested in the defense cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine's troops shooting at civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin accused Kiev on Monday, lead by the fact that they refuse to direct political talks with separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The current Kyiv leadership does not want to implement substantial political dialogue with the eastern part of the country, Putin said the news agency ITAR-TASS According to.
He also said that the pro-Russian separatists to Kiev and the west say the Russian army, assisted by Ukrainian troops tried to push them farther away from the current points, which Putin said that Ukraine's military forces shoot civilians.
Militia fighters goal is to push away these armed forces and their artillery, so they do not get a chance to shoot the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The event was held on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It surprised that a bunch of people came already quite early in the evening.
Visitors during the two days, as expected, the promoter Tom Kangas says.
Seinäjoki Hip Hop Festival was held for the third time.
Next year again.
We are going to continue to be a hip-hop festival, a pop is not forthcoming, Kangas says.
Finland will come into force a law on Tuesday, which restricts the acquisition of suitable materials for the manufacture of explosives.
In the future, individuals must apply for the National Police Board authorization to acquire or keep possession of such substances or mixtures that could be used in explosives, so-called starting material.
Such agents include hydrogen peroxide, nitromethane, nitric acid, potassium chlorate, potassium perchlorate, sodium chlorate and sodium perchlorate, and mixtures containing them, if the concentration exceeded the prescribed values.
Hydrogen peroxide, for example, cleaning and detergents, but the concentrations are those normally exceed the limit values.
Nitromethane is used, for example, drag racing.
Before, however, acquired the Act comes into force starting materials that can be possessed and used until 2nd March 2016.
George Webster accused of Nairn and Pitlochry hotel rapes
Occurred in two hotels of rape accused facing trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges before the Court of Glasgow's higher court session.
He is accused of rape, which took place in Pitlochry in Scotland, Scotland, Perthshire hotel in the province on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking the woman in this "being in an unconscious state during sleep, and is therefore unable to make a decision for yourself."
Webster is accused addition Located on the second rape Nairnissa Highlands Golf View Hotel, 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh in the higher courts.
Premier League: Super Raheem shone - Mario stayed in the shade - Premier League - Ilta-Sanomat
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling showed once again why he is considered the English football future of hope.
White Hart Lane on Sunday was an electric atmosphere when strengthened Mario Balotelli Liverpool arrived at Tottenham as a guest.
Super Mario's first appearance was promising: experienced englantilaistoimittajat saw the 24-year-old Italian issuing the field work on a completely different attitude than Manchester City -aikoina.
Balotelli was still far from the peak vireestään.
Italian should have three high-quality paint the place and passed sixteen syötöstään only half of his side's season.
Already have their favorite player Pool fans are waiting for a better future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers planted Balotelli trip to Barcelona Luis Suarez role in the team's second aggressor Daniel Sturridge alongside.
Team starring kimalsi Balotelli instead of the midfield diamond tip of Raheem Sterling, who poked the important first goal of a 3-0 victory over Hugo Lloris.
Sterling, 19, does not shine only tehoillaan.
Balotelli 20 centimeters shorter than an Englishman is between the lines like a fish in water.
The feature is not common in the player who whiz grass at best about 34 kilometers per hour.
Also, Rodgers deserves great praise for the development of Sterling.
Northern Irishman told reporters after the match, how Liverpool has systematically developed at the foot of Wembley increased luoteislontoolaisesta plain laitakiitäjää a more global player.
Susanna Mälkki elected to the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra Chief Conductor - "I am happy and proud"
Helsinki City Board has decided to appoint Susanna Mälkki Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra, the next Chief Conductor in autumn 2016.
The leaves Los Angeles Times, right down have been asking what the orchestra he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki will start in his new position as a happy and proud.
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra has played a key role in our country's music scene for over a hundred years, for example. premiered a large number of Sibelius's music.
The orchestra has led to the best Finnish conductors and have worked with a wide band member in the past.
I look forward to our cooperation in the future, "he says.
Employee organizations administrations of the size of the pension negotiation proceedings - Domestic - Regions - News - Karjalainen
Pension The negotiations sought a new impetus to the labor market organizations own gatherings today.
Employee organizations SAK, STTK and AKAVA's governments deal with in the morning the state of negotiations.
Thereafter, the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
Workers' organizations have been stalled, inter alia, the controversy tying the retirement age life expectancy.
The organizations have pledged career solution by the autumn, but the latest estimate, it would be created during this week.
Pihtipudas.
Rovaniemi women's volleyball league team stumbled Woman Volleyball League gainer Vampulan Athletes Pihtiputaan exercise the tournament finals on Sunday.
Vampula twisted into five phases stretched the match 3-2 victory.
WoVo the last installment was defeated 15-11.
The neighbor was always one step ahead.
The battle was good, but the defense in the game and pass game Vampula was a little better, saw Wovon coach Teemu Mäkikyrö.
Wovon spruce was far ragged, the 190-centimeter-American sentteri Jennifer Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
Sentteri turned Saraniemi.
Karoliina Kyllönen was in spite of thumb disability gaming ability and formed with Johanna Pekkarinen fire- power combination Wovon.
Started splitters, Jenna Keskimäki got to make room for Jana Jaudzemalle For the last tranche of 1.5.
Vampulan the best part was a skilled Russian-setter and libero Hilla Elina Hämäläinen, which WoVo toured as much as possible.
Wovon preparing for the league continues next weekend when HPK Hämeenlinna will be training camp in Rovaniemi.
Team meet on Saturday, "kauppiksella" at 18 official training games.
On Sunday, encountering Sports Center a second time.
Lidl forges fierce figures in Finland
The company's Finnish-store net sales increased by the end of February during the financial year that ended almost 25 per cent to almost € 1.2 billion.
The company announced earnings data on Monday.
Lidl is Finland now has a total of 142 stores, and the expansion will continue.
Lidl also told reporters that paid in the last financial year to Finland taxes of almost EUR 14 million.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German Lidl group.
The company has more than 4 200 employees in Finland.
Ovarian cancer die more often in sparsely populated areas due to late diagnosis and access to treatment, owing
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have released a video tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Australia living in rural areas, women have a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers went through the woman's receiving more than 1,100 Australian in 2005 ovarian cancer diagnosis, medical records and found that only 35 percent of women, ie more than five years after diagnosis.
The principal investigator Susan Jordan QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Center in Institute confirms that the sparsely populated and remote areas live in women 20 percent more likely to die during the study than women living in urban areas.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through the history of women's health for seven years.
Doctor Susan Jordan, according to the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, ovarian cancer type, medical history and socio-economic status affected survival rate.
Older women and is more common in cancer diagnosis, the probability of survival time was the smallest.
In sparsely populated and remote areas live in women 20 percent more likely to die during the study than women living in urban areas.
The study did not attempt to explain why people living outside the cities women are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan considered as possible reasons for delayed diagnosis and hankaloitunutta access to treatment.
"Gynecological oncology specialist doctors take care of this disease the most, and their reception are located mostly in big cities," says Jordan.
Although the treatments carried out at a distance, are becoming more common and the importance of distance is reduced, in addition to researcher proposes to increase the mobility of doctors, so that specialist doctors can treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programs that allow supported far from home to treat patients.
Dr. Jordan, according to the study of ovarian cancer for women suffering from long-term survival is poor irrespective of geographical location, which emphasizes the need for better treatment and better cancer prevention programs.
Funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer charity research published today in Medical Journal of Australia magazine.
In March 2012, 33-year-old Gold Coast resident family of mother, Elisha Neavella found a malignant ovarian cancer.
City of Rovaniemi wants to strengthen the position of the formula snowmobile parking activities of the Friendship Park, which is located next to the hotel Pohjanhovi.
The City Board decided on Monday that the Friendship Park and its surrounding area plan proposal will be publicly displayed markers for the shop.
The plan proposal requested to environmental statements and the Board of Lapland ELY Centre.
The town plan change allows the city wants to allow the continuation of tourism moottorikelkkailutoiminnan area.
The site is intended to be a park area, which includes the current Friendship Park and between the river and the area.
Spot gets According to the proposal on 15 November, and between April 30, during the permanently up to 200 snowmobiles.
The area may invest a specified portion of the refueling points.
The new park area is allowed also service traffic.
City of Rovaniemi has leased the Friendship Park area safari companies moottorikelkkailukäyttöön during the winter months.
The lease was last renovated in the spring of 2014, and the contract is valid until the spring 2018.
Snowmobile Parking Operations and alteration of the loudspeakers has attracted opposition.
Neighboring residents of blocks of flats have been näreissään so vote as concerned about emissions.
The emissions must be studied and reports have come across and the guide values ​​in excess of sightings.
The new equipment is old with lower emissions.
Friendship Park in the parking area is supported by the fact that if you moved from farther away, the hotel should safari clients to carry safari buses to the starting point, which would have been an estimated 15 departures per day.
Friendship Park area and the immediate surroundings of the city, the heads geometry also wide enough, better than the substitutes described as places of exit places such as the Ounasjoki River bridges itäpuoleinen mooring flank.
Friendship Park is its location good, not least because the activities may expand in the future, for example, Ounaspaviljongin area.
Consolidating the parking operation is part of the strategy adopted by the city of Rovaniemi City Council that the city's goal is to, inter alia, to create a good framework for business can afford an adequate supply of high-quality areas logistically and operationally preferred locations.
Friendship Park is marked snowmobile provenance in the center of the component master plan, which has not yet received the force of law.
Ownership of dwellings decline reflected garden stores
The amount of the homeowner decline, particularly in children under 35 years of age group, may lead to garden stores turnover decrease by tens of millions, when today's young consumers reach the age to garden sales "main target group". The Financial Times said the UK horticulture industry trade association (the Horticultural Trades Association HTA) research.
The Financial Times reports that an apartment renters use for gardening only 55 percent of the homeowners of the money.
The study also revealed that more and more living in highly urbanized flats with no gardens. In addition, reducing the size of a garden, the front yard is coated with increasingly parking place. These factors also threaten the garden area, with an estimated value of about 5 billion pounds a year.
London's major area of ​​dwellings has fallen 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years, and there horticultural products used per household least amount of money in the country.
HTA's and Britain's garden association (RHS), the increase in housing rental or decrease the size of the garden does not, however, mean that people can not grow plants.
RHS's leading garden advice Guy Barter, says that "cultivated culture vessels, for example, transferable plants are particularly popular among asunnonvuokraajien, such as culture vessels may be taken by migration,".
HTA's report shows that the years 1997-2005 were the heyday of the resale of the horticultural sector, as housing ownership and wealth increased at the end of the 80s to mid 90s.
The report also forecast that trade will pick up better this year due to weather conditions, last year, in March and April the weather having been poorer.
Turkey interrogated by American diplomats spying report due
Turkish Foreign Ministry has called the most experienced US diplomat to report on the Report of the Americans and the British espionage carried out by Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent according to the US embassy charge d'affaires and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
German Der Spiegel magazine and webzine The Intercept have written that the US National Security Agency (National Security Agency, NSA) of the former analyst Edward Snowden leaking into the documents reveal Turkey to US and UK intelligence services as the main subject of espionage.
Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan downplayed the significance of the report, saying that all the major states have been spying on each other.
Previous reports of violations against the German päätiedustelupalvelun Ankara espionage resulted in a angrily reaction of the Turkish government.
Cannes-winner Croze occurs in the new Finnish movie
Appeared in several successful films kanadalaisnäyttelijä Marie-Josée Croze is attached to the main part of women in the new Finnish film.
Croze plays the director Mikko the copper film 2 night until the morning, the disclosures of which will begin this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes Film Festival Best Actress Award for her role in the film Barbarian invasion in 2003.
He has performed, among other things of Steven Spielberg's film Munich as well as Julian Schnabel's film The Diving Bell and Butterfly.
2 nights in the morning the male lead of the film is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film will have its Finnish premiere in September 2015.
Mallorca, Magaluf police chief accused of corruption
Case nounced presented evidence to the police and the city of Calvià government officials from engaging in the Attorney General's Office extortion Mallorca on Friday.
Calvia, Majorca holiday island police chief has been arrested on a moist well-known partying in Magaluf area of ​​the gesture and as a result of accusations of corruption made by bar owners.
Superintendent José Antonio Navarro, was remanded in custody after several Punta Ballena Street shop owners made corruption allegations against him. Punta Ballena Street, located in the largest part of Magaluf bars and nightclubs.
Published online daily newspaper Diario Mallorca as the case may nounced presented evidence of carrying on the police and government officials in the city of Calvià in Mallorca extortion Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office on Friday.
Spanish Civil Guard arrested two other local police officers in connection with allegations of corruption, and they are the judge questioned together with Navarro.
Revealed in the whole country, the daily newspaper ABC wrote irate nightclub owners bias authorities, which significantly hampered their business.
"It is no longer money, but the survival of the" one shop owner said the court.
You do not destroy livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was a number of countries headlines this summer when the network spread a YouTube video in which the 18-year-old British holidaymaker was interested in oral sex with a 24 man called. During the pub Crawlin.
The island's authorities have since tried to curb the Magaluf leisure humaltunutta and uncontrolled use by reducing the notorious, alkoholinkäryisten pub crawlien participant numbers.
In addition, the Playhouse nightclub, where suuseksivideo described, was ordered to be closed for a year, and a nightclub owner and a pub Crawlin organizer Carnage was ordered jointly to pay a fine of EUR 55 000.
Above all, among young British tourists in the popular tourist resort of Magaluf has become popular in the so-called. balconing trend, which has caused a number of rates due to the use of alcohol accidents when people have jumped from the balcony to another, or the balcony of the hotel's swimming pool.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of israelilaislapset Gaza Strip territory returned to school on Monday after spending the summer bomb shelters when rockets and mortars bombarded their communities to the east 50 days in duration between Israel and Hamas in the war, and schools remained closed in the region recovers struggles.
School opening caused joy and excitement of rockets to bombard communities in southern Israel, but fighting traces are still visible.
Located in the south of Ashdod in Pashosh-kindergarten workers removed the fragments of traces of walls and slides prior to the arrival of a rocket struck a children's day care center.
"We're a little scared but also very excited," says Ronit Bart, who lives Saad-called kibbutz, an Israeli commune, and works as an English teacher in the school.
Many of them live in this area are in dire need routines.
Bart's 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart's view, the return to school a long time to get to feel "a little strange".
"We have had the difficult times, when we left home anywhere," he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited close to the border with the Gaza Strip Located on a kibbutz in providing support.
Before the start of last week's ceasefire, thousands of Saad type of aesthetic in the border region, the inhabitants had been kept indoors or have fled their homes in safer areas further away from Gaza rockets and grenades in order to escape the fire.
Many of the Gaza front in Nahal Oz in the vicinity of the community residents are skeptical with regard to the return of the Palestinians grenade killed 4-year-old boy in the Community.
Education According to the Ministry over ten families had not yet returned.
The children of these families have invested so far in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, close to the Gaza border town, which was the subject of heavy palestiinalaistulituksen.
He encouraged the children to study hard, and promised that "the education of children and safety are catered for."
Israel and Hamas agree to far from the existing cease-fire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire interrupted the fighting immediately, but it did not bring a solution to many key issues, such as Hamas demand the removal of the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of air and sea routes.
Israel wants Hamas to disarm weapons and restore the two Israeli soldiers fallen in the war of the body.
Egypt is expected to start a new round of indirect talks later this month.
Palestinian and UN estimates, the war killed more than 2 100 Palestinians, including three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 children.
Israel has been in disagreement with the number of deaths. According to at least half of the dead were soldiers, though it did not have conclusive evidence of this.
Israel's side were killed 66 soldiers and six civilians, among whom were, inter alia, a Thai worker.
Hamas and other Gaza soldiers fired battles 4 591 rockets and mortars at Israeli towns mostly in the south.
The Israeli army carried out a more than 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250 000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 UN to maintain a school that had been converted into temporary suojiksi.
Tens of thousands of people while still in the shelter, and the fighting continues, the school authorities postponed the start of school in the previous week.
"I hope that the school will open soon and we get back to school, just like the other children in the world and just like the Jewish kids," said Located Gaza City school living in sheltered 13-year-old Mohammad Amara.
According to the meter is commonly used as house prices have risen the most in seven years in Australia during the winter months.
Australian capital city house prices to measure the RP Data Core Logic apartments through hedonic price index rose 1.1 percent in August, showed RP's data on Monday.
The rise of the months of June, July and August, the price increase totaled 4.2 per cent, or more than the same months in 2007 after.
Prices, the annual increase was 10.9 per cent, which is more than twice as many as during the 12 months prior to August 2013, but prices have not increased uniformly across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless, the Sydney and Melbourne are the rise in prices from the tip.
The results of the RP Data show that housing prices rose by 16.1 per cent in Sydney and Melbourne 11.7 per cent in the previous year.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin's housing market is the next busiest; the average price increase of between five and six percent.
The weakest housing market is in Canberra, where prices rose by only 1.4 per cent per annum as a result of the government spending cuts.
Lawless According to Australia started the spring will increase the number of residential units for sale in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"Taking into account the increase in the sale of auctioned homes, generally lively pace of sales and the continuing low interest rates, it is likely that the rise in housing prices will continue in the next three months," says Lawless.
New Gösta Museum has been attracting record audiences in Mänttä
The new museum and art have drawn record-breaking audiences this summer in Mänttä.
Serlachius Art Museum is visited by the end of August, more than 70 000 guests.
New Gösta Museum opened in June and featured there has been, inter alia, the pop-art classic works of Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein.
Mänttä Art Festival once again reported on Monday had made record number of visitors, the Hold-event this summer was visited by 14 500 people interested.
At Paris the figures are not used to.
The crowd is lapannut doors and windows, "says director Pauli Sivonen Serlachius Museum.
Sivonen estimates that throughout the year the number of visitors will Serlachius museums this year lähentelemään hundred thousand.
In previous years, visitors have been about 40 000.
Located in the middle of Tampere and Jyväskylä Mänttä-Vilppula has about 11 000 inhabitants.
Museum Director Sivonen points out that new museums are always upon opening phenomena.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
Mänttä Art hoped to continue over a long period of summer.
In the autumn of Art Museum opened a new exhibition.
Police are investigating four done in recent days, the theft of Kajaani.
On Sunday evening, the Nordic Row of commercial property was broken into by breaking a window.
The author had received the cash from the machine view, a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday's Deep Trench street was stolen from a truck tank of fuel.
Petäisenniskan the marina again had been taken between Sunday and Monday boats with outboard motors.
Rowing boat was Kalapalta-character outside light and inside kellertevä.
On the inside locking cam of the text "OIVA".
A couple suspected of stealing police already had time to get kiinnikin.
On Sunday evening, darts creek road in commercial property was broken into.
The Police received the imprint and early twenties paltamolaismies found under the tree hiding the forest.
On Monday, police grabbed Paltamo another man, which is also suspected to have committed the same breakthrough.
Lost amphetamine launched a murder indictment in Kajaani
The disappearance of less than ten grams of amphetamine batch brought a murder indictment in 1977 newborn kajaanilaismiehelle.
The prosecutor, the man had gone unmarried partner and another man to the apartment and fired a shotgun suspected of drug exporter to the apartment manager, 34-year-old kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the accusation and argued with them for the second man gunner.
The case came to the police when a police patrol stopped the car, where the troupe had been used to burn the blood work clothes.
In addition to rags burned car was found off shotgun.
Kainuu district court's judgment is delivered later.
August was unusually warm in many places.
According to the Finnish Meteorological Institute as warm August recurs on average once every ten years.
FMI statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal throughout the country.
In most parts of the country deviation was one to two degrees.
In July and August due to hot weather throughout the summer became warmer than usual.
Throughout the summer the highest temperature was measured in the first week of August in Pori, where the thermometer showed 32.8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never hugged me.
He never said he loved me
Henry was born of seven to originate in Jamaica immigrant Dudley British Midlands region in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory and killed Henry is 19 years old. The relationship of the Son and father was distant.
Henry is currently practicing Rudy's Rare Records for -komediashow'ta, which is based in part with his father to visit an imaginary conversation, and that has been developed on the basis of Radio 4 channel series.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, upbeat pace.
Henry has had to go through some painful childhood memories.
He has been repeatedly therapy after the death of his mother, and she says a lot of their relationship with their father.
Father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only the voice said, to stop the uproar.
Leave your sister alone.
Go!
I now look to cricket.
Older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults when I was a child, went to the pub with my dad and discussed, for example, to form a pint of beer or krikettilyönnin beauty.
I never talked to him about things.
For most of my life, he was to me it hymytön man in the corner, reading a newspaper magazine.
Henry recently opened metallinsulattamon Dudley and thus got an idea of ​​what his father's life must have been, even though working conditions are now better than at that time.
Foundries are now slightly brighter, but they are practically dark, smoky, labyrinthine depths, where the bursts of flames, smoke and soot, and are reminiscent of hell.
Father used to go to take a bath and just lie in the tub, and slowly he began to sing herself off whilst brushing the dirt off the smelting plant itself.
Smelting walked around I realized that she had done the work for years to obtain for us the food to the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite Henry's childhood lacked closeness provided by the parents.
My father never hugged and never said he loved me.
Only when my mother's health began to congratulate shortly before his death, we began to repeat to each other, that love each other.
Henry is the daughter Billie-Dawn Frenchin, and through her own child, he has been able to share the love that he himself lacked as a child.
Whether you need a full-time toisteltava "I love you"?
Stop by now that hugging!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn Frenchin.
Why can not we be friends?
She is an awesome mom
Henry is still good friends with Frenchin, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why Dawn and I we would not be friends?
She is an awesome mom.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons which led to maternal death.
When I began to suffer the abundant overweight and diabetes symptoms, my doctor told me to do a U-turn.
After that I started to exercise in the lot, and I had to also begin a tough diet to reduce symptoms.
It is very difficult -
and boring.
No one does not enjoy eating carrots.
Henry's well-known, short beard, perhaps describes the course of his change in career.
After receiving a lot of positive feedback from critics for her role in Othello, he is preoccupied with making the theater.
Next in line were the mistakes of comedy and August Wilson's Fences ("Fences").
Making theater offers a different experience than a sitcom and comedy that Henry has done throughout a busy career.
Henry began when he was only 16-year-old factory worker in the field.
A disc jockey spotted him on the stage doing imitations and contacted the New Faces -kykykilpailuun.
Henry's television career began in the mid-70's. "For quite a while I was the TV only black imitator and comedian," he says.
Henry learned while doing the work.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn how to produce jokes conveyor belt in 1975-1985, while the body of stardom, and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny New Faces -kykykilpailussa in 1975
Henry's manager who was performing rights The Black and White Minstrel Show at, a light entertainment program, in which people appeared dark skinned lots of makeup, so Henry ended up comedian in the program for five years.
My family did not like it.
On the other hand, I hope that I would never have participated in all this, but I do not regret it.
Although my position was a strange and objectionable, I got to work with a huge event and I learned how the audience is treated.
Still, "the British TV's award-winning, perennial favorite and a light entertainment program" was also "a grotesque parody of the blacks of people."
Henry worked in the 80's the second in a Comedy Series, where both were spoils that admired the black British culture.
Section The Lenny Henry Show, first aired in 1984, and the 90th century was known as Henry mm. hahmostaan ​​chef Gareth Blacklock comedy series Chef!
In the next decade, Henry spent advertisements, documentaries, TV series and a movie with boards, but the BBC then displayed together in 2008 LennyHenry.tv-series, he said to himself: "What are you going next, Len - now it seems that the only pedal stationary or traveling sidings ".
Next in line was the radio channel 4 documentary series "What's So Great About ...?".
The first part dealt with Shakespeare.
I've always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It does not actually taught us at school properly, and I think it belonged to the white middle class, which uses the tights and who has money.
That's why Shakespeare topic aroused in me the fear.
All program interviewed persons - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: "Try.
Do not abandon the entire idea until you know what you're talking.
Dating these words, and you understand why we all love Shakespeare as much.
Henry said the 20 lines of Othello's final speech for the document, and he was sold.
I felt that I can do this.
It seemed almost as if some part of me had been missing in the past, and now it was put into place.
"Here it's all about, this is important, so take it seriously, learn säkeesi, make a little background research.
Training The process was, therefore, heavy, and I read the play for months before it was implemented.
The play ended up being a success.
It apparently was expected to fail, but it did not quite happen.
Shortly thereafter, Henry played a major proportion of errors comedy.
Suddenly, Britain's National Theatre was acting, I really could not believe it.
At one point thought came to me: "Oh, you've changed."
Once the play was a technical problem, and Henry clearly felt that it was his mission to entertain the audience.
"The little voice in my mind said to me: 'You have to make do with 10 minutes alone until the computer is working again."
Instead, an assistant supervisor announced that the motion will be continued as soon as the problem is corrected.
I walked out of the scene, and part of me sighed in relief.
It's not my responsibility,
I leave it to others.
"You are part of the spectacle, stay in your role as"
Henry "Fences" .And Duchess Theatre
Interactive Learning the words "Fences" the play was a challenge.
Panic is a good thing, it makes a person more sustainable.
Again, the play was well received, so it was like a sign from the gods; "This is what you need to do."
This, of course, Henry says a hollow voice.
So I decided to stick to this.
I love this job sincerely.
I love training rooms.
However, Henry is still basically a comedian: low humor chicks interrupt our conversation constantly changing his Imitation another.
Stand-up comedy abstinence is the will of the question, because getting an immediate impact on the public, thanks to an anonymous dangerous.
If you crave it constantly, it can lead to a dead end.
I spend a lot of time, sometimes the Apollo theater, you feel like it, but generally speaking, it is no longer excite me in the same way as before.
I ask with Henry, he no longer intends to leave for a new stand-up tour.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the director, who help shape the beginning of the whole trip, mid-term and at the end, I do not think I ever want to give up the feeling.
So this is his new rebirths?
I think so.
I like acting -
it's really fun.
Multiplied by constantly acting out the story, and in that role I enjoy.
I love the stories.
People love stories.
Kenya shall draw up a register of civil servants in order to eliminate "ghost workers"
Kenya has begun to draw up a register of biometric officials trying to remove the "ghost employees" of the government payroll lists.
Employees who are not enrolled in the register during the next two weeks, receive no salary, the government release announced.
The government suspects that thousands continue to be paid after leaving their official duties.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to root out public corruption Since taking office in 2013.
According to the audit conducted earlier this year, "the specter of workers' salaries and other financial irregularities took a month for at least a million dollars.
The government suspects that the wages paid to the account, even after the person has died or failed to official duties, the BBC's Wanyama Chebusiri reported the capital, Nairobi.
All officials should inform themselves register in the weeks following the identification centers in order to ensure that their data is stored in the biometric registration form, told the government bulletin.
Bulletin to all those who fail to do this without a proper reason, removed from the payroll lists.
"This measure is to rationalize the public sector significantly, as this will determine how many people actually work in office. Moreover, it is cleaned salary lists both levels of government. Therefore overcoming the "ghost workers" problem, "says Anne Waiguru, decentralization and the corresponding design of the Cabinet of the Ministry of Civil Service.
Seinäjoki result of the 2015 financial year may remain at EUR 25.5 million deficit, unless the city adjust its operations and expenditure for the development tense economic situation.
Based on the current preparation of the annual budget is losing about 9.4 million deficit.
Possible means of increasing featured were the extent and level of services haggling and purchases of services, sale of assets and grants as well as tax and increase in premium revenue.
Investing EUR 10 million in the relegation target size is 8.5 million.
The situation of the municipalities do not have the permit relief.
The new obligations imposed on municipalities, insufficient growth of tax revenues, rising unemployment, and five per cent in central government transfers surgery reduces the prospects even further.
The economic aim of the seminar is to look for new ways to stabilize the economy.
The City has agreed that savings must be achieved.
The ship must be translated into objective in the strategy, says the Chairman of the City Board, Kimmo Heinonen.
The City returned the presentations made to the management team still in the pipeline.
City Government's proposals are a basis for the preparation of the budget the council of economic seminar Framissa on Monday, 8 September.
After the Board of Governors of the seminar budget proposal is progressing through the committee handling the city government and the city council.
Dozens of Turkish police arrested on suspicion of "intrigues" against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested on suspicion of Turkey "of anti-government intrigues," local media sources say.
Police officials did not comment immediately.
Hurriyet Daily News that among those detained were 14 high-ranking police officials.
Some of the police officers was connected last December of corruption investigations, which were the subject of government officials, among others. four government ministers.
In July, several police officers arrested in Turkey on charges of organizing a broad rikollisvyyhden and monitoring phones.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who served during that time as prime minister) said the police action is part of the Islamist Fethullah Gullenin him and others in power to the planned activities.
All children are back to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine's schools opened their doors on Monday (1 September), after the summer holidays.
This has traditionally been an important day for families and, like thousands of other ukrainalaisvanhempien Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took their daughters to school.
At the same time, he told waiting reporters that all the schools have not opened up again, but he said he was committed to defend the land for future generations:
September, the first day of the ceremonies is not spent at each school.
The whole Ukraine is not at peace.
We have to fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the size of a huge ukrainalaisrintaman have to fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a teacher leading Slavianska the school, where the daughter of Yatsenyukin visit, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will return here at last, and that the children can get the kind of learning which is of benefit in the future.
First school day celebrations include traditional children's embroidered shirts, balloons and flowers of teachers.
According to Perry, the Texas defamatory Tweet was unauthorized
Texas Governor Rick Perry's submission established a Twitter account sent Sunday evening blasphemous image and Democrats circuit lawyer among the accusations that consults on abuse of power.
Tweet removed later and was followed by a new tweet with Perry swore that he had nothing to do with the image.
Tweet sent from my account without permission.
"I do not accept a tweet and I deleted it," in a future release said.
Perry's background forces did not immediately respond for clarification.
Although the tweets sent to Perry's submission established a Twitter account, it is unclear who published the image.
Tweet The first contained a defamatory caricature of Travis district attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, who was convicted of drunk driving in April 2013.
Perry jointly LEHMBERG post of finance when he refused to resign, which led to a grand jury gathering in Austin this month, Perry's being accused of. Perry is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election.
Tweet the headline reads: "I always drive drunk, three times the permitted blood alcohol levels higher amounts ... But when that happens, I blame the governor Perry fingers to demonstrate."
I am a Texas hops most democratic.
LEHMBERG agency did not lead to a grand jury investigation against Perry.
The study took care of Michael McCrum, San Antionio operate a special prosecutor, a Republican judge ordered the task.
Perry has said he is innocent, and called the allegations a political contrivance.
His influential legal team has asked a judge to dismiss the case treating the allegations and said that the law, which the governor of Texas the longest ollutta office accused is mirrored against the Constitution unclear.
Perry cut $ 7.5 million State aid to public inviolability of the state entity in charge of works Travis County and manages public accusations when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision got left leaning on the follow-up group to make a formal complaint.
Reinforced Perry's Twitter account will be updated on a regular basis - and sometimes famously.
Upon reaching the fifth place in the Iowa election meeting during the 2012 presidential campaign, Perry boasted to discontinue a draw by publishing on Twitter a picture of himself jogging on the lake the text "Here we come, South Carolina!" Sauce.
Berkeley, the housing market has returned to "normal"
One of the main builders of London has warned that the South-East of England housing market are "returned" to normal activity level.
The capital of London housing has been plagued by a huge demand and a sharp rise in prices at the same time when it is feared widespread credit bubble, which led the Bank of England to set restrictions on housing loans in June.
A high level of client Berkeley, the founder and chairman of Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "since the beginning of the current financial year, the market and the number of transactions have returned to normal after 2013 peak," and added that this has made it possible to "stable environment".
London's housing market went well during the recession, foreign investors' efforts to swarms of capital.
The Land Registry data show that housing prices in the city rose by 18.5 per cent in the previous year alone, and thus clearly exceeded the average for England and Wales, which was 6.7 per cent.
Berkeley, private, affordable and student buildings, the average sales prices rose by about a fifth in the previous year, reaching by the end of April 423 000-pound rise in the price.
However, strengthened the pound has made London real estate less attractive in recent months - interest in part have also contributed to the new property tax laws and the political rhetoric of a possible "mansion tax" before the general elections in May.
The London-based real estate agent Foxtons warned last week that April mortgage report, which was reported tighter lending rules, a lower level of market growth, as well as real estate sales volumes and prices in the second half.
Bank of England's recent data showed on Monday that the number of approved loans fell in July, suggesting a cooling housing market.
Real estate agent Hamptons International has dropped its forecast for the 2015 London real estate prices. In its view, prices will fall by three per cent due to homeowners' opinion index measuring prices have already begun to deteriorate.
Number of trades the most expensive areas of London in Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, has been eliminated in quarter one year ago, a real estate agent WA Ellis says.
However, the demand for homes in the capital is a boon to Berkeley, which increased the income of the properties sold over 2.2 billion pounds.
Pidgley added that "the demand for well-designed, the right product at the best locations have remained stable, and sales thus remained brisk."
In June, the company announced that it had sold 3 742 new home prior to April in the year. This is nearly a third more than the pre-crisis peak achieved in 2007.
Annual calculated before tax profits rose 40 per cent saw 380 million pounds and net sales increased by 18 percent to 1.6 billion pounds, the year before.
Pidgley told reporters Monday before the company's annual meeting, the Berkeley-year earnings equivalent to the current expectations of the market.
Analysts agree that full-year pre-tax profit of 450 million pounds.
Berkeley shares sold in the afternoon the London Stock Exchange uniformly charged 23.96 pounds.
The hacker leaked nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence's network
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85 Annual Academy Awards -palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
The hacker, who claims to be in possession of a hundred other star pictures leaked Oscar actress Jennifer Lawrence nakukuvia the internet.
The Hunger Games star representative confirmed that the photos are authentic and sentenced the hacker's "brazen violation of privacy".
The authorities have been contacted, and all who publish Jennifer Lawrence stolen pictures will receive the accusations.
Images that were originally published in the 4chan image publishing on the page, were apparently ended up in the wrong hands because of Apple's iCloud storage system weakness. In the hundred other hacking of the star list is claimed to be dozens of other female stars such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, told BuzzFeed.
It is not known how many of the photos are authentic, although Scott Pilgrim vs. The World Stroke Winstead condemned hacking on Twitter.
"For those who are looking at me and my husband in the privacy of our home years ago, images captured: I hope you have a good mood," Winstead tweeted.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly" and "Victorious" series on Victoria Justice, however, however, denied the authenticity of the images, and tweeted that "these so-called naked pictures of me are fake, do not you understand".
Let me make this in the bud.
BuzzFeed announced late Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande's representative denied the authenticity of the stars of images.
Only we published an extract from Howard Jacobson's praise who received a new novel, which tells about love and the letter j
They dissolved, it was best described by what has happened, they gradually came off from each other than out in the rain missed a cardboard box.
Only now and then he heard the woman that was too serious, arduous, intense, disengaged, and perhaps also a little prickly.
Then he waved his hand.
He identified spiked.
Yes, he was a prickly, like a hedgehog.
His piikkiensä latest victim had been in the early stages of a relationship that had, however, been promising; had seemed that this relationship could ease his boredom with one of these, and it would perhaps be able to bring his life up to some content.
Ailinn Solomon Silla was untamed hair and he was sensitive frail beauty iloluontoisella heart, north from the village, which was still more prosaic and further away from everything as Port Reuben.
He had come south with a senior companion whose Keverne assumed to be his aunt. Aunt had inherited the house, which was located in a humid but paradise valley, and the name of the valley was suitably Paradise Valley.
The house had not been lived in one for years.
Pipes were leaking in all bathrooms were spiders, snails were hidden inside the windows while keeping the whole place as one's own, the garden grew weeds that resembled giant cabbage.
The cottage was like a fairy tale for children, at the same time menacing and magical, garden full of secrets.
Voices writer Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" has been nominated for the Booker Prize for Literature in 2014.
Nominations will be published next week
Keverne had sat hand in hand with Ailinnin broken patio chair in the middle of the long grass, enjoying the surprisingly warm in the spring, in the afternoon, both listening absently receiver, through which the whole country heard the soothing music and reassuring news when Ailinnin crossed, sun-tanned legs brought Keverne to mind a song that had been sung long ago forgotten black performer and his father had often listened to the cottage blinds down.
Your feet are too big.
Such songs were, in principle, too aggressive, and will not be played anymore in the receiver.
They were not banned - nothing actually been banned - they are not only no longer played.
They wanted to be left in oblivion, as the word itself unholakin.
Public opinion saw to it, what laws were declared and implemented had not been reached: just like the literature in the field, people chose to read by the heroes of memoirs, cookbooks and romance, for music they prefer ballads.
Today villiinnyttämänä Keverne started to key in an imaginary piano and singing serenades Ailinnin big feet arrogant comical voice.
Ailinn did not understand.
"It was a jazz pianist Fats Waller's famous song," Keverne told him, and also lifted two fingers naturally in front of his mouth.
Thus his father had always done before, "j", the letter had time to run away from his lips.
It had begun as a game between him and his father when he was small.
His father told feared the same game with his own father.
If you let your mouth j: to begin with a word, and you do not remember raising two fingers in front of your mouth, you had to pay a penny.
It was not very fun to play at the time, nor was it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that's all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of such a thing.
Even jazz was not actually declared unlawful, it is not only the numbers dialed.
Improvisation was no longer in vogue.
In life, there was room for only one-if the word.
At the beginning of the song people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
Wit was fermented in the same way.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was the cleverness presented through music.
Although Keverne was not before the age of 10 years, heard Sammy Davis Jr., jazz music had become familiar to him through his father's half-secret CD collection.
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account the Ailinnin age it was likely that he could not remember a time when popular singers were black.
Again, no need for laws and coercion.
Abiding society meant that each of its parts approved gratitude - gratitude, that they were like sheer luck spared - the principle that each group made it a natural things.
Having the temperament and on the basis of physical characteristics of Afro-Caribbean ancestry people are best suited to entertain and play sports, so they sang and ran.
Originally coming from the Indian continent were as naturally gifted with the electrical equipment, so their job was to ensure that every family had a working phone, which was used to get things done.
Those who were left in the Polish community, working in the pipe as men; The last Greeks broke the plates.
When what happened, IF HAPPENED came true, they are on the Gulf and the Middle East come from were with the grandparents had not escaped the rush for fear that they are being accused of flames roihahtamisesta and fearing that they are the flames would catch the next they opened their restaurants, which served labneh yoghurts and burned to the water pipe, and continued their lives all eyes fixed on the ground and boredom discouraged.
Each of us according to the gifts.
Ailinn had only heard ballads, and he found it difficult to understand how Keverne just sung insulting words had never been possible to put on music.
The music expressed through love.
"They're not really insulting," said Keverne.
Except maybe isojalkaisten view.
My father never insulted anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but abandoned garden created the illusion of safety.
No word does not drift through the giant kaalinpääkasvien leaves soundproofing.
Ailinn still does not understand.
Why is your father loved something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise two fingers to his lips Ailinnin company.
Ailinn regarded him as a stranger now.
"It was my father's view, amusing '," he said instead.
Ailinn shook his head in disbelief, and her hair covered Keverne field of vision.
There is more to see in the world than Ailinnin huge, black crow hiuspehko.
Nothing else he did not want to see.
"If you say so," he said, but sounded convinced.
However, it does not explain why you sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed genuinely confused.
Are my legs so big?
He looked again.
Not your foot actually not large.
Ankles, perhaps, a little bit ...
And you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just a silly song.
He could have said "I love you", but it was still too early for it.
"You're attractive to me because of the thick ankles," he tried to correct the situation.
I have a perverted sense.
From this did not help.
He had wanted it to sound like fun.
Often, when he wanted to poking fun, the effect was quite different, because he, like his isältäänkin, lacked the compelling charm, with jokes cruelty can not control.
Maybe his father was mean to be cruel.
Maybe he Keverne, wanted the same thing.
In spite of the tender eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and rose terassituoliltaan and at the same time brought down the receiver and the spilled wine, which they had just drunk.
Viinikin was only made elderflower, so that he could not use due to collisions.
Nervousness, he seemed shaky, like the palm tree leaves in a storm.
"And you came thick is it, what fascinates me perverse in you," he said ...
Not only does not seem to me that way.
Keverne felt sorry for Ailinnin, as well as their own, due to an unnecessarily cruel words that, because of the fear that was reflected in his eyes at that moment, when Ailinn decided to run against him.
Luuliko Ailinn that they differentiate?
He had never told Keverne life in icy northern archipelago, where he had grown up, but Keverne was confident that basically it was the same as life here too.
The same huge glacial sea which surged against them.
The same mixed men, however, since the still pale and diabolical than salakuljettaja- and hajottajaisovanhempansa, went to the pub the pub, ready to capture every woman who would dare to oppose or to tease them.
A thick head?
Yet he could see a thick fist, if it were not careful!
Imuta first - pussaamisesta had become the most common word for the male and female erotic encounters; the receiver out of the pumping of meaningless rakkausballadien antidote - imuta first and then attacking.
Keverne believes that even that was too much, as already imuttaminen itself was hateful.
Ailinn Solomons body language told him to leave.
He pulled himself up on the terrace of the chair like an old man.
Also Ailinn felt exhausted, but the depth of grief Keverne surprised him.
This was not the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn followed her go - just like his companions watched Keverne go upstairs window - a man who was himself the cause of heavy-duty lives.
Adam leaving the garden, he thought.
He's hour-pity sense Keverne and towards men in general, even though some of them had raised his hand to strike against him.
Their backs turned, stooped, ashamed, defeated man, who had lost all will to fight - why he felt that that vision was so familiar to him, even though he did not remember, that would never previously before this moment seen anything like it?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he looked at his feet.
A few years before the event just described intelligent and eager 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked in the public opinion, which measures private establishments Ofnowissa, made a short study continuation of low and medium-heavy violence in those areas where the reduction of violence, or even disappearance, was most likely taking into account the money and energy spent to eradicate.
"A lot has already been achieved, and much remains to be done," he wrote, "in order to smooth out the inherent aggressiveness of thousands of years that fought and most of the winning nation, especially in those abandoned and remote corners, where the hedgerows, despite extend beyond the church towers ihmislempeyttä is the passage of time rarely known .
Some things can hardly be removed completely.
The higher the tower, the lower the generated cravings.
The people will cry sentimental ballads on, pours narrative won in adversity stories and vows to marriage and family life, the virtues of the name, but the same old-fashioned cruelty to keep our urgent grip and rural communities and the urban co-residential areas, and in addition there is evidence of a new kind, pahasieluisemmasta riitelyntahdosta homes, workplaces, streets, and even playgrounds.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to dramatize," his mentor commented after reading the full report.
I would suggest that you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered his gaze to the ground.
In addition, I have to ask: are you an atheist?
"I believe I need not answer that," Esme said Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme pleaded continues his right not to answer personal questions.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
"I asked," Luther Rabinowitz said, "because I am opposed to atheism, lesbian sexuality and feminism.
This work will not be maintained prejudices.
We are the servants minded society.
Although a certain type of hypersensitivity is in itself a perfectly acceptable and honorable, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, to what you have just asked me.
You have obviously something against the church - and what you call cruelty or pahasieluisuudeksi, the other usually appoint a natural energetic and physical volume to.
Hokeminen OF WHAT HAPPENED IF HAPPENED, as if it had happened yesterday, if it happened at all, destroys the fundamental vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked around Rabinowitz talking.
Behind Rabinowitz head flamingonvaaleanpunainen LED proclaimed regimen which Ofnow had divided the country for the last quarter of a century or longer.
Smile neighbor, to appreciate your partner, listen to ballads, visit the musicals, use the phone, talk, explain, listen, do not agree, apologize.
Speaking is better than silence and sung word is better than the written, but nothing beats the love.
"I understand very well what you want to say," Esme Nussbaum responded in a quiet voice, when it was sure that his mentor had finished, "and I want to just say that we have not improved as effectively as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am worried that if we were not warned, we see repeating the same mistakes, which had originally led to what happened, IF HAPPENED.
This time, however, we pour out our anger and distrust of others.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with his fingers.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "in describing 'mistakes' the works that may have to do or not to do grandparents.
You go in too far when you say that, they poured out their "anger and distrust of the other. '"
Like you in the position should not have to remind you that when it comes to understanding the past, present, or defending, we're talking about 'us' or 'them'.
There was no 'us' instead of 'other'.
It was a time of chaos, that's all what we know about.
"If we are quite honest, in the chaos," Esme was brave enough to go on, "any society group can not say well behaved.
I do not blame anyone.
That's what was done was done, whether it be good or bad.
Then was then.
It does not need to talk about the future - this we agree.
And just as there is no need to distribute the accusations, also do not need to make adjustments, whether they are appropriate or not, and even if some way to make them.
But what the past is then exists, if it does not take lessons -
The past is there for us to forget about it.
If I may add one more thing -
Luther Rabinowitz broke the pyramids.
"I'll go through your report," he said and expressed that it was time to leave Esme.
The next day, he went to work as usual hit him driving on the sidewalk motorcycle rider, which runs passers-described "pahasieluiseksi and frantic."
Coincidences happen.
Lesotho army deny it planned to attack; Prime Minister stays in South Africa
Lesotho military officials have denied lavastaneensa stroke referred to the Board bogged down and said they were working against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm the political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had laid siege to his official residence and taken over government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Head of State trip with his family to the neighboring country of South Africa, after telling that has received kuolonuhkauksen.
Military Representative Major Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said that the army responded to this threat, which was derived from the "political fanatics." The police is said to have attempted to arm the fanatics.
"Lesotho Defence Force took action after receiving a number of intelligence, according to which some police agencies are trying to arm young people puoluefanaatikkoja of being ready to cause problems," he told Voice of America news agency.
The South African Government by the President Clayson Monyelan according to the military intervention seemed revolutionary undertaking.
"Although none of the agencies has not claimed kumonneensa the government by force, Lesotho Defence Forces actions seem all the corresponding sides of the Revolution signs of a company," he says.
Lesotho army officials said the soldiers will return to the barracks on Sunday, and the capital was peaceful atmosphere.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing lead the government Thabanen absence.
Thabane says he believes that is the subject of action, because he has been trying to fight against corruption.
Lesotho has revealed tensions since June, when Thabane suspended parliament sessions due to the large coalition Government's disagreement.
He thus deny power to disregard the Board of Directors, even if the claim otherwise.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft will set up a data center in Uusimaa
IT company Microsoft has established a large data center Uusimaa place which position the company refuses to focus.
Microsoft's media release sent by the company states that it does not reflect all datakeskuksiensa position for safety reasons.
The center is according to Microsoft, already fully equipped and connected to the network.
It is the Microsoft of hundreds of millions of dollars in investment.
In public the Centre's seat had previously been speculated in Oulu and Kajaani.
Microsoft will stop completely Oulu office in the country, which takes up employment for about 500 person.
In all, Microsoft has announced its withdrawal up to 1 050 jobs in Finland.
Microsoft's communications director Camilla Lindfors says the Finnish News Agency STT that the company commented on how many staff the new data center will employ.
The establishment of the data center, Uusimaa said on Monday Kauppalehti.
A man accused of a girl being struck by a traffic light at the intersection
78-year-old man accused of three-year-old girl driving on a traffic light at the intersection of Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving on the girl at the intersection of the eastern Pittenweenissä Neukissa.
According to prosecutors, Stewart drove the Audi Q3 -autollaan imprudent and caused injuries to the girl.
A native of Anstruther Stewart, 78, denied the charges against Dundee sheriff's session.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four Tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or videos under the water, you can choose a number of different hardware options.
The most preferred option is water-resistant, compact point-and-shoot cameras like Nikon Coolpix AW120, or action-camera, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which cost about $ 300.
In fact, I took these pictures at a family party, using a variety of cameras, each of which cost less than $ 350.
Regardless of the device, there are a few rules that you should follow.
Always check the device twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, still make sure that the camera's battery and the other components are sealed watertight.
In addition, set the camera's shooting settings to match your images or videos to be taken.
Some cameras or camera and camcorder combinations is the setting that optimizes the shooting conditions under water.
Moreover - before dropping into the water, make sure how deep the device can be exported.
Some cameras can withstand only a 5-foot depth, some up to 50-60 feet depth.
Check out both normal and watertight models call our guide and digital cameras in reviews.
Take a series of photos - many of them fail in some way.
The compact cameras have an LCD display, which can be used to compose images while the action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under the water, and the image composition may either succeed or fail.
This means taking a number of pictures.
If your camera also allows bracketing, which means taking multiple pictures at one time with different settings, take advantage of this feature.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is significantly reduced deeper.
If possible, stay close to the surface when shooting in the pool, lake or ocean.
In this way you can get your photos in more colors; the deeper you go, the less colors will be displayed.
Try to get close to the subject.
This is an important piece of advice on land shooting, but even more important under the water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important when using the action-camera: these devices are often fixed lens with a wide angle of view, that is, the graph must be close, so that the subject fills the entire picture frames all the way down.
China will not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders - protesters vow revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday that Hong Kong voters do not choose candidates for the 2017 elections, growing, democratic reform despite the demanding unrest.
The decision is likely to spark the Hong Kong business world block the long-awaited protests of activists has begun to design and implement demonstrations just hours after the publication of the decision.
China's National People's Congress decision to give in practice the Communists the power to weed out all the candidates, who do not obey Beijing.
"This was expected, but it's still infuriating," says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They have lied to Hong Kong people.
It is clear that we operate with the autocratic regime.
Committee of China's National People's Congress Deputy Secretary-General Li Fei of China defended the administration, saying that a common candidate for the Head of settling in Hong Kong's choosing would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, the UK is disposed of Hong Kong to China in Beijing promised local residents that it would choose the leader from 2017 onwards.
China's leaders, Sunday's decision was a democratic breakthrough, as it will allow Hong Kong to vote in direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control tightly the electoral process through nimittämiskomitean, which is managed from Beijing.
The new clause that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong", is accepted.
The decision preceding the summer in Hong Kong was held in some of the region's largest and most attention-about the protests in years.
Democracy behind a defensive campaign was largely Occupy Central With Love and Peace Movement, which the organizers have threatened to block the business world block action if Beijing does not grant Hong Kong a genuine universal suffrage.
Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of Occupy Central movement supporters gathered in front of precipitation Hong Kong päähallintorakennusten.
Protest movement organizers announced civil disobedience movement to move to a new era and they would trigger waves of protest in the coming weeks.
They do not, however, told the details of the apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Online, published by the organizers said in a statement that the movement "Occupy Central -tempausta considered as a last resort, which will be introduced only if there is no hope for dialogue and there is no other way."
We are very sorry to announce that today the last opportunity for dialogue has fallen apart and the power of the center is going to happen.
Hong Kong authorities have been preparing for the Beijing declaration for a period of days, and on Sunday, security measures were tight near the main buildings of the Board of Directors. There were for example. police and barricades.
Hong Kong unrest fueled by many the feeling that the residents are slowly losing their city power.
Arrivals from the mainland has caused a wave of competition in products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are disappearing under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticized the Occupy Central Software movement, because of its protests threaten Hong Kong's living conditions - the business world.
"The protest, which they say could lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people to take part and how long it will last," said the legislator Regina Ip, who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want that spreads to the concern that Hong Kong is slipping away otteestamme.
Such an impression would be bad for the insertion.
Chinese state media have also been stories that the Hong Kong pro-democracy activists are Western powers incite revolution henchmen ".
This summer, the activists organized an informal referendum on voting rights, to which 780 000 people attended - more than one-fifth of the Hong Kong electorate.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest democracy in the region to support the demonstrations.
US-prom tradition of strikes Britain's universities: the new students yksityisjettejä
We will respond excited to demand the establishment of Britain's first luxury travel embodiment of the present-day students.
The company offers private aircraft but also other vehicles such as Rolls-Royce Phantom, an Aston Martin and McLaren P1, so that the customer can ensure the most memorable arrival at the university.
Stewart, the service is also a safety aspect.
The service is the best possible option for students who otherwise raahaisivat possessions across the country to the brim loaded onto trucks.
When this is combined with a number of VIF properties (VIP friends), we are ready to provide today's students with the university as an easy and high-quality transport.
The company's representative reserves has not yet come, because the service has only just been established, but added that "students will start during the making of orders the next few weeks."
The Company believes that the service will be in demand, though most students will pay 9 000-pound academic year in fees.
Today's students are the expectations and wishes of very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago embarked on their studies. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and VIF is the right way to do it.
However, the national student critics service, which is not realistic.
Vice-President of the Organization of higher education section Megan Dunn, "this service plan seems to be really far from the majority of the student's life."
Many studies begin this month shocked the level of the cost of living, the available financial assistance in the form of loans and grants have lagged behind the basic cost of living in the spectacular rise. Only the next can start thinking about where to find thousands of for use as simple a thing as the arrival of the campus.
Ipswich "pig house" for sale
Real estate agents removed the Suffolk sale of a house for sale image noticed that the picture of the house in the living room lying on a large pig.
One bedroom comprising a house, the price of which is 120 000 GBP, is located in a private road in Ipswich.
The notification was up from the living room, where a pig leaned his head on the sofa.
Real estate agent Connells according to image the pig is the owner of the pet.
"However, the picture ended up in the notification by mistake, and it has since been removed," a company representative said.
The notice Connells describes earlier meeting houses' unique one-bedroom house ".
Although real estate has removed the image its website, it still appears in commercials.
House sales have attracted the interest social network where some people have questioned whether the pig house prices.
Torres' departure was confirmed, Kagawa returns to Manchester United to Dortmund
Spanish striker Fernando Torres Chelsea departure was confirmed, but the replacement came in almost at the same time the door opened.
Pestana Chelsea announced a four-year contract with French tip Loic Remy neighboring club QPR.
The purchase price is according to press reports EUR 13 million.
Torres, 30, moves to AC Milan two years in a loan agreement.
He moved to Chelsea from Liverpool £ 50 million, a record amount four years ago, but never lived up to expectations.
Decision also came to the Japanese player Shinji Kagawa failed trip to Manchester United.
Kagawa return as expected, the German Bundesliga Borussia Dortmund, where he made his breakthrough before the ManU move.
According to press reports the purchase price is approximately EUR 8 million.
Kagawa fresh contract is for four years.
I wanted to make my dream true in the Premiership.
Now I am happy when I was the Dortmund man again.
This is a great team and wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
Another Bundesliga club Hertha Berlin's Solomon Kaloulla strengthened.
Côte d'Ivoire's national team striker moves Herthaan French Lille, and it is estimated transfer the sum of approximately EUR 3 million.
Prior to Lille Kalou, 29, played for the years 2006-12 Chelsea.
Paris apartment house explosion in already eight dead
The number of death toll rose to eight on Monday occurred in the Paris suburb apartment block explosion aftermath.
Rosny-sous-Bois suburb of the accident which occurred on Sunday, injuring 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are looking for the harvest missed the house the ruins of yet on Monday, but the hope of finding survivors faded.
Cause of the explosion is prima facie suspect a gas leak.
The explosion occurred early on Sunday and was so powerful that it shook buildings within a radius of more than a hundred meters.
We need the whole of our house moved: vapisimme fear.
The explosion was so powerful that our ears are ringing, "explained a resident of accident in the place next door Maryline Yyvon.
The nearby school was erected as early as Sunday, emergency accommodation in the house residents.
Only part of life pace of the presentation at 17
During the event, presented only the life of series of stars.
The program stars gathered earlier in the day for the first time together after a series of descriptions.
Some of the tähtistä is early evening media meeting Nelonen Expo -nimeä position on the TV trade fair.
During the event, Nelonen Media will present its software in September of tens box facial fun
Autumn only the life of the series have included The Prodigy, Staind, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, elastic and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them are, therefore, evening event and ISTV's a live broadcast on the spot.
The event will begin Sebastian Rejman the plot of the various channels of Nelonen Media's fall presentation software.
After the wizard share ISTV's camera crew searching only life -tähtiä interviews.
The article has been updated: All Only life performers are not present tonight's ceremony.
According to information just coming in early opportunity may be slightly delayed.
Shipping is not displayed on all mobile devices.
HJK gaining beating Trinidad and Tobago
Survived the Football European League HJK is gaining a new player in Trinidad and Tobago.
Earth's La Liga club W Connection FC of the HJK has a loan agreement Joevin Jones from.
Joevin Jones is a 23-year-old midfielder, who has made W Connection in 55 match 28 goals.
Trinidad and Tobago national team Jones has played 35 matches.
Transfer news first told Socawarriors football site, according to Jones, has been one of the TT Pro leagues star players in the last two seasons.
W Connection Society According to Jones to travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgarian prison staff keep a national protest
Hundreds of prison employees across Bulgaria demonstrated in front of the capital city of Sofia, the Ministry of Justice.
A peaceful demonstration they proclaimed their willingness to work back to the old provisions, which recently changed.
Also, salary increases are due to discuss the interim Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have a month to protest the symbol of the new working time is to say that they want to return to the 24-hour shift system the old days.
Despite the appointment of prison employees Organisation and the Ministry of Justice representatives on the Committee did not result in an agreement, the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) says.
Negotiations are currently underway, Director General for the enforcement of judgments Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR for.
Protest prison employees are expected to join the organization also members of the trade union of employees of the Interior Ministry.
Basketball: encouragement of fans almost too much: Sasu Salin was a faint airport
Basketball Sasu Salin was the embodiment of victory over Finland.
He was able to forget the pitch-black USA matches and outplaying of Ukraine in the second half bled seisauttavilla solutions.
But the hall turned into a wolf fans all the credit - and did it with style:
I I almost fainted there at the end of the airport, it was so great incentive.
In the eyes but sumeni, could not anything.
It's a racket and a white audience the sea was almost too much for me.
Salin power moments harbored nine spokes quickly, pallonriistoja, levyreitä and temmellystä every place where something was happening.
I do not know how it happened so, but I got in a flow state that all successful.
They should, but something sometime, now just incredibly important place Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role.
To do all that.
Now it was great to see that the rest of the plot were closed.
It took the whole gang.
Hall has a team of tonic and the spirit of the creator, so it's no wonder that his example brought the whole team to take off, which was a large and heavy-handed quintet in Ukraine too.
Finland at the World Cup after a 32-year hiatus: the preceding stuck in my mind aggravated the judge game
Bags carrying Heikki Montonen (right.) Was Finland's head coach Argentina's World Cup tournament in 1982.
It's been 32 years since the Finnish men's volleyball team played the last time the World Cup finals.
Seppo Sirkka was the only Finnish portraying the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was Finland's second team coach and current player-agent Jouni Parkkali universal player.
Kosonen and Parkkali remember one thing from the tournament like it was yesterday the day: it was the beginning of the block scalding hot match against France.
"The solution of the match balls judge the game was blatant," recalled Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled in the back of the line.
Suddenly, the game continued.
We lost to 2-3, and then pasmat could have resulted in more "reported Parkkali.
Finland head coach turned Heikki Montonen command and eventually finished 17 th.
Now Finland is again among the world champions, the Polish Cup tournament gets going today, Saturday.
Multi-factor has changed drastically in the international volleyball during 32 years.
Players force values ​​are roughly the same as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
Also, the average lengths of the players has increased.
The game is faster, "thought Parkkali.
But what about Poland?
Finland's material has expanded, and the burden can be divided.
I expect that Finland's start block shortlist.
Then may come as early as strict, "says Kosonen.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were in the attack victoriously match against Tunisia.
Current player-agent Jouni Parkkali was universal player World Cup tournament.
Let's hope that now Petra in the 17th place.
South Korea and Tunisia, should go down the drain, "said Parkkali.
Species legend Reino Kosonen at the national team's second coach of Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and Kari Körkkö fanned Tunisia match.
Sauna and evening devotional Buenos Aires sailor in the church belonged to the national team program Championship tournament in 1982.
Kari Kalin (right.) Stretched with the other players.
Young Star singing contest finals competed - not for profit South Karelia
Young Star singing contest reached the finals Veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen did not progress to victory in the competition.
Other investments are not published in the competition.
Song Teacher Teija Immonen, the competition has been popular.
It accumulates good experience.
The finalists will be recorded by even the songs of competition.
Competition moments will always be great memories, says Immonen.
Finnish Tourists rescued Cita dog from the mountain in Norway, "These men deserve all the praise"
When the Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were stranded in the mountains on Thursday, Antti Soini and Tuomo bravely offered to help.
Weekend Mikkelsen, look for the "international heroes" on Facebook in order to get the detractors would like to thank once again.
Mikkelsen told the public a Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains had Cita dog hurt her paw.
Injured dog is no longer able to walk in steep terrain.
I tried to carry it myself down, but I did not succeed, so I had to let it be.
I tried many times to attract and pull it forward a bit, but its feet are not only borne, Mikkelsen write an update.
Mikkelsen, the aid is not herunut police, nearby hotel and passers-by.
At nightfall, the situation started already looks menacing.
Fortunately, the scene took place two hikers who were willing to help: Tampere, Finland Antti Soini and Tuomo his father.
The men were visited by the highest Norwegian mountain Galdhøpiggenillä and headed to camp place, when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of the mountainside.
(Mikkelsen) was in relation to the situation relatively calm.
We offered to help him with the dog, Antti Soini says it sent to Ilta-Sanomat message.
Soon, the scene happened to come to a German man, who had a trip to the mattress with him.
Mattress Citalle the stretcher-like, which injured dog was attached was obtained.
A German man came on the scene a moment after us when we were wondered what to do with the dog and carried the dog on your lap for a moment down the slope, Soini says.
PHOTO: Tuomo Soini
Dogs were levied trip down to the mattress using.
Soini, the performance was not physically demanding, but the difficult terrain levying went slowly.
However, about one and a half hours Cita were happily up to down.
Following the search Mikkelsen still on Facebook "international heroes" in order to thank them once again.
Soinit said to him on Sunday, but the German man is apparently still out of reach.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen says.
If they had not helped me, we would not be returned back.
I would like to find these people, because I feel like I did not thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all praise and honor, I am eternally grateful to them.
Contrary to Monday night Soinit were already on their way home.
They had received Mikkelsen happy news: - Cita reportedly may already better!
Susanna Mälkkiä shown in Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin Chief Conductor
Mälkki three-year period would begin in the autumn of 2016 and would end in the spring of 2019.
The proposal also includes an option for two additional period.
Mälkki began his career as a cellist.
He is an internationally renowned conductor and was awarded the Pro Finlandia medal in 2011.
At the moment Philharmonic Orchestra in works by John Storgårds.
Bold and the Beautiful Bold and the Beautiful series returns to the screen today after the summer break.
The opening period suggestive name raises questions.
Finland's most popular soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful summer return today after a break.
Return to the Episode Title is suggestively "oral luck Eric's company."
Evening Pulun program description section describes the following:
Eric and Donna discuss family relationships, subscribe to syömäpuikkoruokaa, drinking white wine and reminisce about the love of history.
Eric is a faithful shirt-style throughout.
Lunch shirt color he has chosen white, which lilertää.
Ridge provides support for Katie this is handled by Brooke and Bill in relation to the traumas caused.
Ridge etiquette is also not yet gotten over the problems.
Bill is Brookelassa assessing their own contradictions.
Brooke does not like the fact that man is out there trying him back.
"I want to Ridge, I do not you, Bill. '
The genetic deviation is often misdiagnosed
British woman feared for years deaths due to misdiagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought that most of his youth that he only had a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
Really he suffered Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT). It refers to a group of hereditary diseases that damage the nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charity CMT UK charity under the false diagnosis is a common problem in CMT cases, because they know so little.
It is estimated that about 23 000 people in the UK suffering from CMT disease, which causes symptoms of motor function, such as muscle weakness, walking difficulties and toes kippuraisuutta.
The disease can also cause numbness or pain, and it is irreversible and progressive, which means that the symptoms worsen over time.
Rodgers was 13-year-old he thought he was diagnosed with Friedreich's ataxia (FA), which is really poor survival rate.
Rodgers thought of being a wheelchair before he would meet 18 and die before you reach the age of 30 years.
Today, the 51-year-old mother of two says that "as a child I knew I could do the same things as the others.
I fell on a daily basis, and it took me longer than all the others.
I could never roller skating, or skate with the other children, and I was bullied at school, because I walked and ran in a different way than the other.
Rodgers was 13-year-old to her Achilles tendon was performed several surgeries to straighten the legs. In connection with surgery the doctor had gone the room, he glanced quickly tutkimuspapereitaan, where he was said to suffer from FA disease.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone, but information on after coming home I checked the disease in the library and wrote the FA-association," he says.
When I got my information from them, I was shocked and a state of panic.
I thought I would have to undergo a wheelchair by the age of 18 years and was going to die before he would be full of 25, and in between gradually losing the whole function.
I went through this myself and I planned my funeral.
Rodgers says that by the age of 17 years he concluded that her walk was not deteriorated as much as he had thought, and asked their doctor about this.
The doctor just gave me a hug and said, "Girl with gold, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise you'd be in a wheelchair."
I think that you are suffering from something much less threatening illness.
According to some genetic tests, he was diagnosed with CMT disease.
"When I explained what CMT disease is thought lykästäneen me," he says.
Charity CMT CMT UK Arrange the month to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred migrants were found in the coal wagon Macedonia
Macedonian authorities have discovered more than a hundred illegal immigrants coals which transferred the train, the Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Stowaways were mostly Syrians and Iraqis refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
Migrants were found late on Sunday Velesistä Central Macedonia.
It was hard to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they are, where they came from and where you are going, "said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Koteski.
According to police, the migrants had paid approximately EUR 3 000 each to get to Greece, and another EUR 800-900 more in order to reach Serbia.
Illegal immigrants passing plenty couple of million people through Macedonia on their way to Western Europe.
A bloody civil war in Syria has escaped from as early as three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support Scottish independence
Pop group Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined the Scottish independence supporters.
The Guardian newspaper, the bands starring a couple of weeks held in Edinburgh in concert to support the independence project.
Scottish independence referendum held on 18 September.
Mogwai said in a statement that the vote is the Scots an opportunity that happens only once in your life you want.
In the past, inter alia, actor Sean Connery has given his support to independence.
Instead, for example, the British stars Paul McCartney and David Bowie have invoked in Scotland, so that these remain part of Britain.
Opinion polls independence supporters have been at a loss.
The difficulties of department stores continued in the middle of summer - Domestic news - Ilta-Sanomat
Department store trade, the decline continued in July, says Finnish Food Marketing Association.
According to the department store and hypermarket chains, net sales fell in July by 3.2 per cent lower than a year earlier.
The worst is takunnut sales of home and leisure products with net sales decreased from one year ago over seven per cent.
Also pukeutumistuotteet were selling far less than in the previous summer.
Grocery retail sales value, however, grew in July from one year ago, almost three per cent.
Most sales increased by small stores and large supermarkets.
Throughout the beginning of the year, ie in January-July, the department stores and hypermarkets turnover has declined by more than two per cent.
Sales of groceries on the other hand has increased by nearly one per cent.
Joan Rivers family, "hoping for the best"
Joan Rivers has been unconscious ever since he was brought in in the center of New York City hospital, but her daughter was hopeful that the 81-year-old comedian improves their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was brought to Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday of cardiac arrest due. According to sources, then a clinic, Upper East Side is located in Yorkville Endoscopy Clinic announced emergency situation in the hospital.
Doctors consider him deliberately protected by means of the following medicines and their condition carefully, until he is currently a serious condition has been stabilized.
The case has caused a wide reaction in the audience, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support to the network.
Areva-Siemens: Olkiluoto reactor number three will be completed in mid-2016
Areva has submitted Teollisuuden Voima TVO Olkiluoto 3, an updated schedule.
Areva's announcement of the project, recent delays have been due mainly to the fact that the reactor automation systems submitted for acceptance.
The project is already years overdue.
TVO did not give any assessment of reactor number three completions in May.
Nastola donated Bottas 1.4 acre waterfront plot of land - worth some EUR 60,000
Nastola municipal government donated Formula driver Valtteri Bottas 1.4 acre waterfront plot of land Kärkjärven beach Villähde.
The municipal board showed a fair sport mind and was unanimous in its decision.
Gravel Votes was not part of the meeting when the decision was made to plot, says mayor Paul Syyrakki.
Bottas gift on a plot of farm buildings - a total of seven pieces.
Municipality unload them yet this year, except for one off.
Bottas has promised to build on a plot within two years of secondary residences.
We have taken that he has enjoyed synnyinpitäjässään and wants to be also in the future here.
Valtteri is visited each year by multiplying the mass primary schools sports career and his life.
And hopefully it will continue, says the mayor.
The mayor believes beach plot of land in monetary terms would be worth EUR 40000-60000.
The beach is shallow and child-friendly.
The area has been owned by the municipality over ten years.
Nastola have decades of years, with varying degrees of success have been successful in sport by means of a gift of land in the municipality.
Javelin world champion Aki Parviainen and aerobics world champion Wind Matti Salo received a detached plots on and built a whopping one-family houses.
They do not, however, remained in Nastola, but sold their property and moved away.
Parviainen and Matti Salo came in Nastola after work and then moved to other parts of their life changed.
Bottas is a native nastola kind, and his situation is different, Syyrakki inches and believes Bottas to remain home town.
Hull hired striker Hernandez club record sum
Premier League club Hull invested a club record sum of the Uruguay national team a man purchase of Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez switch to Hull Italian club Palermo 9.5 million pounds, or approximately EUR 12 million.
The agreement is for three years.
Hernandez struck 14 goals last season, when Palermo won the Serie B, and rose from the Italian first division.
Uruguay national team, he has seven goals in 14 match.
Last summer's World Cup finals Hernandez came in two games the game.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in a short time, said Hull head coach Steve Bruce.
On Monday, Hull said it had acquired the Senegalese national team captain Mohamed Diamen West Ham.
Russian avaruuskoe failed - geckos sent to the journey died
Russian space increase from five small gekkoa are dead, says Space Agency of the Russian Federation Roscosmos in a statement.
Geckos traveled Foton-M4 -satellite perched over one and a half months.
Satellite returned to the country on Monday morning Finnish time.
The purpose of the experiment was to study the gekko reproduction and use of state of weightlessness.
The test took part in one urosgekko and four females.
Although experimental sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
For example, the effects of weightlessness on the development of gekko eggs until little is known.
Through against Gekkoihin effects may seek to anticipate the effects of weightlessness on humans should be a stay for extended periods in an equivalent state, illustrated the New Statesman in July.
Roscosmos, the gekko time of death and cause of death or reasons being investigated.
According to Interfax, "seksigekoiksi" crossed the passengers froze.
The unexpected nature also says that the same Foton-M4 traveled the ride fruit flies survived the trip vaivoitta, and also received the second growth.
France arrested terroristiepäillyn Nice airport
France arrested a man suspected of terrorism Nice airport on Saturday.
22-year-old man suspected of working in Syria jihadistiryhmän function as recruiters.
The French authorities have informed the matter on Sunday.
The authorities were able to track down the man after this money had attracted the girl of 16 years to go to Syria.
The girl had been due to fly to Turkey and from there cross the Syrian border.
The airline did not believe the girl's explanation that he was going to visit her grandmother's house a resident of Istanbul, but alerted the authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was completely unaware of her daughter's intentions and told the authorities that the family is not related to Turkey.
The man in the authorities, a native of Chechnya, but he now lives in France.
French intelligence officials had followed the man's actions in the past.
France, the authorities have been worried that radicalized young people attracted to the Iraqi or Syrian wars pose a safety risk in France.
The authorities estimate that about 800 French nationals or French on the books is the last conflict, traveled to Syria, returned from there or are planning your departure to Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
Basketball National team wishes further from the game, when Finland is facing today, the World Cup in the second bout of Ukraine.
If the opening loss to the United States had been expected, belongs to Ukraine again in those countries, which Finland should continue to take place the necessary profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of winning, Petteri Koponen anticipate.
Ukraine defeated on Saturday Cup first fight of the Dominican Republic 72-62.
A team coached by NBA veteran Mike Fratello, which under the command of Ukraine to play aggressive basketball.
Ukraine's key player is the quarterback Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is a hundred meters world champion three years ago.
Against the Dominican Republic Jeter threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter fast guy, but yes, we're a match of the past, and we need to get our norm back in shape, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland will play better than in yesterday's tappiossaan the United States.
We need to find our own strengths again.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as a normal pack of wolves, Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars alleged nakukuvat spread online - Part verified as genuine
Internet spreads a set of nude photos, which purports to represent well-known public figures.
Among other things, the actress Jennifer Lawrence has been the victim of "nakukuvakampanjan".
Entertainment website TMZ published by Lawrence representatives of an angry comment, which seems to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a blatant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (on the Internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen photos, will be prosecuted, agents threatened.
TMZ: According to the actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he spread the pictures are authentic.
He had taken the pictures many years ago with her husband.
When I know that those pictures were destroyed long ago, I can only imagine what a horrific ailment was seen for this purpose.
I feel compassion toward all who were a victim of hacking, he writes by site.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says which run under its own name images to be counterfeit.
Genuine or fake nude photos on the move also, at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grande, Hope Solo, Krysten Ritter, Yvonne Strahovski and Teresa Palmer.
Honka goalkeeper criticized likely: "It is not doing enough work for it, able to enter and get out of here"
Soccer club FC Honka is the last place in Veikkausliiga at the moment.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitala's comments after Sunday's match VPS illustrate the very confusing current situation of the club.
I do not have four months was the goalkeeper coach.
But all must adapt, "Viitala said after ending 1-2 loss struggle.
Honka made the match especially in the first half, a lot of defensive mistakes.
Goalkeeper Viitala was not a bad defense playing pleased.
Player traffic is Honka visited this summer, lively, and therefore also the defense in front of Viitala have changed a swift pace.
Pelaajaruletin will also be many young players have had opportunities that they may not even deserve.
"Some did not do enough work on it, that able to enter sometimes out of here," Viitala snorted without naming any individual players.
Honka's head coach Shefki Kuqi was to some extent agree with Viitala.
"I said after the game for certain players, that if you come to rehearsals and playing to have fun, and you think you are Veikkausliiga player, and does not need to work, then you are probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given many young people of playing time.
If they do not want to take it to the location and use of the option in favor of, so it's not my fault.
However, Kuqi also pointed out that players can not expect immediate success, after the game the guys are constantly changing.
This season has not been two times in a row the same configuration.
Especially the defense from a bunch of people has changed.
It is the biggest reason why we are in this place, "Kuqi said.
Honka is then VPS loss sarjajumbona, tied on points at the last second TPS with the EU.
Tip League is left for another seven rounds, so Espoo residents still have time to avoid relegation to one.
I've never dropped teams, I'm not going to drop now.
We will not really dripping from this series, "goalkeeper Viitala boasted.
Lars von Trier after decades of doing a break from TV series
Film director Lars von Trier intends to return to TV series factor.
The Danish director is preparing a TV series called The House That Jack Built.
Series project told worked as a producer Trier's films, Louise Vesth today, Monday, the Venice Film Festival.
Production company Zentropa release, the filming of a series should start in 2016.
Trier told to deal in a series of manuscript work this autumn.
The series is in English.
Mysterious project tells the bulletin also Trier long-term partner, the hard myyntipuheistaan ​​renowned producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
According to him, a similar series "has never been seen or ever will see."
"Arrest breathing here," says Aalbæk Jensen release.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in recent years known as kohuja raise up mediaesiintymisistään and films like Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
Television, he directed The Kingdom series in the 1990s.
09.01.2014 15:20 The grocery chain Lidl seems to have taken over with the Finns, at least if the result figures are to be believed.
Trade Group Lidl's Finnish operation runs the limited partnership Lidl Finland Group's net sales continued to grow at the end of February of the fiscal year ending.
The company also boosted profits.
Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 79.6 million, while a year earlier it was EUR 56.4 million.
Revenue swelled to turn 960 million to € 1.2 billion.
An increase of 25 per cent.
Increased its market share in the company also improved its operating income by 61 million euros to 84 million euros.
The operating profit percentage was 7.1.
Saksalaisomisteisen Lidl fiscal year lasts from the beginning of March to the end of February.
The company says have paid in February for the year ended tax in Finland amounted to EUR 13.7 million.
Constantly expanding its chain of shops, the company has announced plans to invest EUR 100 million this year to Finland.
Finland is currently 142 Lidl stores and employs more than 4 000 employees.
The first stores were opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket Challenge participant jaw dislocation
British Isabelle Roberts roared so loud when on top of him poured ice-cold water that his gloomy countenance bones.
This Ice Bucket Challenge ended painfully ill.
The woman is exported for treatment in carrying out so hard that his jaw was dislocated his karjuttuaan Ice Bucket Challenge.
Isabelle Roberts roared so loud when on top of him poured ice-cold water, that he damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that only karjuin, but karjuessani I felt that my jaw began to stiffen," he tells The Mirror magazine.
Ice water is poured into a 20-year-old on.
Isabelle Roberts moments before the accident
I tried to shut my mouth, but I could not, my jaw was locked, and then I realized that something is wrong.
Then my mother and my sister noticed the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had to whisk the emergency room.
The popular Super Tuesday challenge involved 20-year-old Briton was taken to the hospital, where the jaw was set back in place.
The video snippet has become an Internet sensation, and it is divided into thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
The perspective of wolves howling (also): How a fan of the amount of growth can explain?
Today was a pretty awesome feeling.
So said the basketball player Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland had played European Championship finals against France in Athens, the Maroussi sports hall.
Not Pehkonen exaggerated.
I remember a game when was spot on.
And they were also about a hundred Finns, who shouted 20 000 spectators on the driving, otherwise empty hall noise.
I wonder what Pehkonen would have said 19 years later, the World Cup after the Finland-Ukraine match?
Bilbao hundred Finnish fan's troops are eight to ten times.
European Championships 1995 was a tentative period of the Finnish basketball.
Men fought their way into the finals by winning, among other things, the Russian qualifier in Helsinki Sports Hall.
That victory opened the doors of the cream.
All looked good.
It was a promising young, like Hanno Möttölä.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann raised Möttölä piped Finals team.
The solution, which many disagreed.
Now you can say that Dettmann had far-wise, even if all did not go according to the script at all.
After Athens' basketball team dived deep.
Finnish Championships in Athens was the site known to have a total of a little more than a hundred.
It belonged to the ranks of reporters, players relatives, the Finns basketball coaches and a few fans.
Bilbao is the journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And they are many.
This phenomenon has grown incomprehensible proportions.
No one will know the exact figure of Finnish race of tourists.
Reviews have moved from 7 500-10 000.
There were any number in that range, it is just incomprehensible amount.
Here is the explanation urheilusosiologeille.
In a global world economy, companies are transferred across borders.
In sports, there is still a chance to look at how we're going internationally.
Increased mobility, we can go and see how our girls and our boys succeed in the world, says Professor of Sports Sociology at Hannu Itkonen.
Certainly, both in Spain and volleyball world championships in Poland, there are Finnish, applying the experience.
The common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
In fact, sports continue to be more attractive.
Itkonen to bring the sport into popular culture.
There is a lower threshold to go racing championships in Berlin than to look at art.
Without the success of the masses still did not get moving.
Let's go back to 1995.
Then the head coach Dettmann challenged the basketball union and the players throw themselves into world-class sports professionally.
Almost ten years it took.
Then the direction changed and the national team operation was raised on a pedestal.
Volleyball The people did the same at a little earlier.
Now both enjoy the fruits of work.
As Itkonen says, both species have succeeded in products to top-level sport, where the holy trinity works: sports media sponsors.
And the interest in the audience.
And the media has taught us what this kind of carnivalesque in favor of is, Itkonen says.
Can move the ball games of this massive interest in the home to the series?
Basketball and volleyball are played on average, hundreds, or slightly more than a thousand spectators.
Itkonen considered the question of good, and not necessarily the answer, which promises very good grades.
Another school of thought believes interest to be forwarded.
The second is the one who does not want confectionery as.
This outfit is ready to experience the trip the World Cup, but their perusajattelussaan the domestic series are two of interest.
It is a challenge to monitor people in the midst of frenzy.
Bottas site navigation - nearly 1.5 hectares of the lake
Nastola rewards Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas waterfront home in the grounds.
The Municipal Executive Board approved the release of an plot of 1.4 hectares unanimously on Monday.
The plot will rise in the future of leisure accommodation.
Nastola is monitored Bottas success until this go-kart times.
He was seen as a good ambassador for marketing of the Gulf, the Gulf region and Nastola.
Gift Plot is located Koiskalassa, Kärkjärven the beach.
It has become Nastola municipality 's ownership as part of a larger property transactions.
The area has seven discharge condition the building, for which the municipality to land at the expense of six out of the end of this year.
Bottas reached the Formula 1 Belgian race of the fourth palkintopallisijansa this year.
He is the World Cup points in fifth.
Bottas is a native nastola kind and lived in his childhood Villähde.
He now lives in England, but it Nastola whenever there is a free formulations.
Bottas has visited secondary schools and youth facilities.
Design-wearables will come - but probably not for the poor
It introduces and tests are currently in New York in the ongoing US Open -tenniskilpailussa.
Ralph Lauren älypaitojen testers are field ball persons, but also amateur players belonging to the University of highs Marcus Giron to keep such a thing.
According to her shirt to help him to follow their own development and to regulate the recovery.
The nylon is woven with silver sensors, which information is transmitted to the mobile broadband modems shirt and then on to your smartphone or tablet PC.
The sensors measure heart rate, respiration rhythm, stress and steps.
If the central unit Mokkula removed before throwing the shirt into the washing machine.
Fashion House has not told the exact time of shirt sales, for the beginning, nor even hinted its price, Tech Times reported on.
Raph Lauren is not the only company to bet smart clothing.
Californian Athos is brought to the sale of älypaidan and älyshortsit.
They measure your heart rate, breathing and muscle work.
Clothing pay one hundred US dollars apiece, and they require a thumb-sized CPU costs $ two hundred.
Techno-pieces we wrote a Red Orbit.
A smart way to save on textbooks
The cost of university books in America many students exceed the USD 1 000, so as soon as the second year of study opener Matt Schroeder invented a clever way to save on costs.
He developed a system in which the Latter-year courses, students will lend their books for a nominal fee, instead they would sell their books ahead of the same road.
"Mathematics book would normally have to pay $ 180; I called it off throughout the semester $ 10 as well as a hefty sandwich, "says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying at Covenant College in the state of Georgia.
Schroeder says that in his last semester of his book would normally be paid $ 430.
Instead, he used the $ 120.
The University Board of Governors, the average student spends more than $ 1 200 per year on textbooks and school supplies, but students have access to many ways to reduce these costs.
Students end up more and more often use the network of shops and creative approaches, such as Schroeder's idea.
More and more students to rent textbooks, so that they can use to record the entire semester and pay for it much less than buying a book of students.
More than 250 campus bookstores to keep Neebo Inc., the firm by renting textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Statistical data on the sector reveal that about a quarter of university bookstores books during the spring, at the rented books, Neebo Chairman of the company, Trevor Meyer says.
National Association of College Stores Trade Organisation, less than half of all books purchased campus bookstores.
In this simplest ways to save money.
Online Stores
Online shopping a new book can only be a third of the price of what it would cost the campus bookstore.
Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler "Calculus" the book of the ninth edition of the suggested retail price is almost $ 290, but special books online store Chegg.com book gets charged $ 239.99.
Buy used
Used books are a good option if you do not interfere with the reader and worn appearance of the other notes.
For example, "Calculus" the book may be used Chegg.com online store for $ 93.49.
Last year at Brigham Young University student Matt Casaday, 25 years, says it had bought the book "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business" as used in Amazon.com online store just 0.42 dollars.
A new book would have cost $ 48.
University of Massachusetts Amherst's College Without Walls' college Ingrid Bracey and other academicians recommend that the students are asking professor of whether the earlier editions used in this course.
Sometimes, a new edition of the reforms are not essential to teaching.
In this case, the old edition can only be found at a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
Chegg- and Amazon bookstores in addition to eBay Inc.'s Half.com is a popular place to buy used books.
Lease
The hiring of textbooks might want to consider if you keep good care of them, remember to return them and you do not need them after completing the course.
By renting, you can save more than 80 percent of the price of a new book.
For example, "Calculus" letting the book throughout the semester costs about $ 20.
Explore the hire company rules, such as notes, use of highlighter pen and wear and tear on the following charges.
The renter, be careful: if you forget to return a book late fee can not be higher than the purchase price of the book.
E-books
The acquisition of e-books instead of ordinary paper can also come to question.
Sometimes these books are rented to be paid for access to the e-book of its holder, for example Amazon.com-, Chegg- or Barnes & Noble Inc. bookstores.
Chegg store gets "Calculus" book e-book six months about 61 dollars.
Bracey, according to many literature students will save the most because a number of classics can now be downloaded for free, while science and technology books can be very expensive.
A comparison of different vendors is worth, which option you select.
Joe Gault, 29, who starts as soon as Pepperdine law school, recommends the use of the benefit of the book ISBN price clarify, because it can be used to make sure that is looking for a real book.
Before you order online, make sure that the book is certainly the stock, says Gault.
He himself learned this the hard way.
They buy the book delivery was on ice for four weeks, and he had to eventually acquire the book at full price the university bookstore.
Tampere Legioonateatteri celebrates its 20th anniversary
Established in 1994, the theater opposed to unemployment, social exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome all those who wish to do performing arts.
Organize recreational activities for 17-35 year-olds ilmaisupainotteista long-term unemployed.
The performances often take a stand in society.
In recent years, there has been shown eg. Depression Depression contraindicated Mode Track, Minäminäminä! - Humorous stories narcissism and classic arrangements.
Believes that every person can change their own lives.
Fires died almost double the number of people compared to last year
Fires have this year killed nearly double the number of people compared to last year.
Finnish National Rescue (Spek) media monitoring, so far, the fires have been killed already 55 people from 49 different fire.
Last year the corresponding period of the fire deaths was 31.
Dead most part, 36, has been men.
With over 65 years of age has been 11.
The Organization of fire death statistics, the worse the situation last was in 2009, when by the end of August, the fires had died 64 people.
The vast majority of fire deaths occur in homes.
Blocks of flats, there has been 17 fire deaths, 21 single-family homes and terraced houses and other small houses seven.
Spek resembles a home fire safety stranding.
At least all the functionality of a home smoke detectors should Spekin according ensured.
In addition, everyone should check that the fire extinguishing equipment is readily available to be introduced.
Of all the home premises must also have an unobstructed escape route.
Children should also be told what electrical equipment they will use when alone at home.
NATO Summit: The first protests in Newport and Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO summit in protest at Newport last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in Newport city center march against NATO.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered in the so-called Cardiff city hall. counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough followed the events of the weekend and spoke with the protesters, who had arrived on the scene up until Belgium.
Young people were rescued by air, the Australian Blue In the mountains
TWO teenage hikers were protection stuck in their after-night Australia New South Wales region located in The blue mountains.
16-year-old girl and 18-year-old man went out to walk after midday on Sunday Govetts Leapille Blackheath.
Relatives became concerned about young people who had not returned home and called the police iltakahdeksalta.
Composed from local police officers and helpers search party was sent to look for the young, and the two were discovered at around 23 near Bridal Veil -putouksia.
The girl had hurt his knee, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Police officers spent the night with a pair, and they were protection on Monday morning.
Hikers were taken by ambulance to the Hospital in the Blue Mountains, and their condition was stable.
Ukrainian soldiers retreated Luhansk Airport
Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from the Luhansk airport.
Ukrainian army, the soldiers were given the order to retreat.
According to the Ukrainian paratroopers have taken violently together with Russian tanks on the ground.
The army spokeswoman said opposing gunfire was so accurate that the shooter is likely to be Russian professional soldiers.
During the past seven days the Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Sea of ​​Azov south-east coast of Ukrainian artillery hits yesterday received the Ukrainian patrol ship sank in the morning, says the Border Patrol.
Eight sailors have been rescued and two are still missing.
Border Patrol was not a certainty that the beginning of the shot.
Separatists have already reported yesterday on social network shooting from the beginning.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia will not invade the Ukraine.
However, Lavrov insisted that the Ukrainian troops must immediately withdraw from positions from which they can not fire at civilians.
The Minister said that the Minsk talks today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE for an immediate ceasefire without preconditions.
Lavrov also said that Russia will respond to the prospect of new economic sanctions.
First, we will protect our own interests, our economy, the social sector businesses.
At the same time we will also withdraw its conclusions about the actions of our partners, Lavrov threatened.
Heavy rains were Malmö and Copenhagen was flooded land
The streets are flooded on Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, when torrential rains lashed southern Sweden and Denmark.
Floodwaters cut off several roads havoc with traffic and cars buried people.
The authorities estimate on Sunday that the flood of easing might take, although rainfall was predicted to disappear by Monday.
Hard rains were able to surprise the Swedish authorities, nor rain on the Weather advance.
On duty at the Finnish Meteorological Institute Meteorologist Ari Mustala estimates that the area plagued by rain front was very local.
Rain area appear narrow and stationary permanent.
No wonder, if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists should "be quiet and help France", Francois Hollande main sponsor says
Valls urged the deeply divided left-wing "to show his emotions," the difficulties the Socialist president, whose new government line-up is not obtained the approval of the majority of the French.
The President deserves all the respect he deserves our faithfulness, our support.
"Our job is to stay by his side," Valls said and earned applause.
Soothing gesture of the Prime Minister demanded the government to leave in peace in spite of the French contested the 35-hour working week, the new Minister for Economic Affairs Emmanuel Macron earlier this week to issue, debated a proposal that the rule should be let loose.
On Saturday, Hollande asked the socialists to act in concert with the government.
However, Justice Minister Christiane Taubira caused discord by appearing dissenting opinions submitting the Socialist members of parliament to meet and criticized by the Socialist Party of the fact that it allows "the French to give up hope for the future."
Extreme right-wing National Front leader Marine Le Pen mocked the constant discord between the socialist and said he did not believe in Valls new government's sustainable than a few months.
Francois Hollande has perhaps gone dancing off to war, but so also, Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new government after the previous did not last even during the summer.
"And the new government will not last until the autumn or winter," Le Pen told reporters.
He repeated his party's proposal for the dissolution of parliament and it is certain party's election victory early elections and he himself would be ready to lead the party.
French ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in local elections in March and the extreme right had to possess a list of the tip of May's European elections.
On Sundays, the Journal du Dimanche appearing magazine opinion poll shows that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party will collapse in a number of mutually competing teams before the end of Hollande period in 2017.
Po University political scientist Pascal Perrineau warned that the French will soon lose patience if the new Socialist government fail to improve the economy and record high unemployment.
"There is a possibility of a small success, but the audience quickly it should be noted that a change is about to happen," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could worsen further.
Pokka betrayed Morning presenters Finnish Kirsi Alm Siira, Nina Rahkola and meteorological Pekka fair weather paperbacks failed badly taped portion of the program.
Good morning Finland program published last Thursday on their page Facebook recordings made fun video on Thursday.
In the video presenters Kirsi Alm isopod and Nina Rahkola and meteorological Pekka Pouta trying to record Good Morning Finland mainospuffia the next day's broadcast, but the recording did not go quite tube.
Alm-isopod whack his words when he tries to pronounce the word budget session, and his freak-outs can also be fair weather and Rahkola lose pokkansa time and time again.
And these heroes should be let to pull the live broadcast of tomorrow as well, Good Morning Finland's Facebook update states.
Video has become very popular on Facebook and it has both the divided Liked Facebook more than 10 000 times.
The Journal of the picture in the office worked with Jorma K. Pouta, 68, ranked third in the portrait series in 1972.
The figure shows Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
Helsinki Fredrikinkatu Construction Engineers in the house of the Socialist International meeting was held in May 1971.
At the meeting, there were many heads of state and the security measures were tremendous.
When Golda Meir went to the restroom, seven bodyguards went with him.
However, at the beginning of the meeting, we got a good five minutes of your time describing.
I took this picture of four to five meters.
The light and the background were in place.
As soon as I realized that this time I managed.
Meir sees the look of that, the leaders of the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
Then the race fared well-known figures or events using photos.
It is wonderful that today can be successful in other images, as long as there is the idea and visual torque.
This is the second best picture I have taken.
The best is Lasse Virén kaatumiskuva Munich Olympics.
It did not send the contest.
Dissertation: Aarnio-investigation euros already paid more than five million
Examination of the legality of the Helsinki police drug unit operations have contributed EUR over five million and called for from 30 to 50 person-years.
Accordingly estimates Jyri Rajamäki the University of Jyväskylä In its information technology doctoral thesis.
Rajamäki shows that the control of the legality of the police action and the fight against crime in general could be significantly improved by combining the investigation and legal proceedings information systems.
Rajamäki, current technology allows for the multiple use of forensic evidence.
He notes that it is possible to build a system where the data collected for investigation of crimes is automatically proof of the chain meets the electronic proof of material and at the same time allows for a comprehensive review of legality.
Doctoral checked on Saturday.
Yle: The 1999 idea of ​​vegetarian food Forgot school on the wall: "a vegetarian diet include fish and chicken dishes"
Photo olleesta pirkkala kind of women Along the school wall specialists in food caused a stir in social media, Yle says on its website.
Kasvisruokailijat!
A vegetarian diet school at lunch include fish and chicken dishes.
Only when the list is meat, produce vegetarian option!
This is stated in the school for a forgotten wall, a 15-year-old bulletin.
The you can take a look here.
In social media spread picture has made people indignant to send feedback Pirkkala municipality.
Food and Arja Vaarma Head of the purity of the service points for YLE, the forgotten patch on the wall is not the case and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently, before I came has ever had such an idea, which has been discussed in due course with health care.
Each student gets their wishes in accordance with the meal, he says YLE.
Today Pirkkalan schools pupils are offered a vegetarian option only with the permission and the doctor or nurse parents certificate vegetarian diet.
Vaarma justifies the solution to Yle, the fact that young people in vegetarian nutrition experiments may be left incomplete and meat or absence of chicken may raise some eyebrows pupils' parents.
Norwegian Cruise values ​​close to $ 3 billion Prestige Cruise -sopimusta
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third largest cruise company, engaged in negotiations to buy rival Prestige Cruises International Inc. and three billion dollars. The information originates with the matter closely associated to that person.
The acquisition, Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market capitalization of $ 6.8 billion, obtain access to Prestige Cruises' luxury cruisers and high net worth clients carrying the greater competition in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) - companies.
According to sources, if applicable, the contract may be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations do not deliver results.
Prestige Cruises' owner, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20 per cent of Norwegian Cruise company.
Sources did not want their names for the negotiations not to engage in public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises companies' representatives did not respond to requests for comment, and Apollo's representative declined to comment.
Miami to work in a Norwegian Cruise Corporation has 13 cruise vessels with a route map covers North American, Mediterranean, Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its net sales increased by 13 percent from 2012 to 2013, when sales totaled $ 2.57 billion.
Prestige Cruises, which operates also from Miami, sailing Oceania and Regent brand names, which include a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was $ 1.2 billion, which is six per cent more than in the previous year.
US $ 29 billion worth of cruise industry is expected to benefit in the coming years, the emerging economies, such as the rise of China and India's middle classes.
Companies are competing to get these new customers number one choice when choosing their cruise.
Prestige Cruises register the US stock market shares of the first bills issued in January 2014.
Apollo has owned the majority of the company's shares after the 2007 trade to the value of 850 million dollars.
Norwegian Cruise established in its current lineup in 2000 it merged Genting Bhd (GENT.KL) with the cruise company. The latter is a Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thayn entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested one billion US dollars Norwegian Cruise company If in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise was listed as a public company in January 2013.
According to the information disclosed in Genting stake in the company was 28 per cent, 20 per cent of Apollo and private venture capital firm TPG Capital LP, a share of 8 percent from the end of June onwards.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise sum total of the share of companies' North American cruise capacity is 82 per cent, indicating Prestige Cruise in connection with the issuance of shares published by the company registration document.
Tampere City Council discuss the matter today.
Animalia hopes the city's government enjoys strong support for the initiative.
Animalia Executive Director, Tampere University of doctoral Salla Tuomivaara according to the Dolphinarium time in Finland and around the world it is necessary to come to an end quickly.
In recent years, all over the world is, fortunately, a general view that the holding of advanced mammals like dolphins in the Dolphinarium is not a humane and ethically sustainable.
This view would welcome a perceived also in Tampere.
Dolphinarium is not only the abolition of animal rights issue, including the question of Tampere's image as a tourist destination, Tuomivaara notes.
Tuomivaara, the death of Näsi-dolphin strengthen the requirements for winding down delfinaariotoiminnan.
Näsin death is a sad continuation of the gloomy history of Särkänniemi Dolphinarium.
It's time to put on deaths point to close the prison and the Dolphins to take to find out how to Tampere dolphins could be transferred to a limited sea area, in a kind of dolphin shelter, Tuomivaara requires.
Näsi did not have time to experience the return of the dolphins to its original habitat, but hopefully the rest of Särkänniemi live dolphins have a chance to experience yet more to life than in deprived inner concrete basin, Tuomivaara hopes.
Eläinsuojeluliitto Animalia's aim is that the use of all wild animal circuses banned in preparation of the animal welfare law overall reform process.
This set include also dolphinariums.
In support of its claim Animalia Executive Tuomivaara participate in today 1.9. held protest on behalf of the dolphins.
Japanese Embassy held in Helsinki in the expression of the mind takes a stand against the triggering Japan delfiininmetsästyskautta.
During the hunting season imprisoned or killed cruelly about 2,300 dolphins every year, either for use or for food Dolphinarium.
Putin demands of Kiev to open negotiations on a new state with the Eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government to stop fighting against separatists in the east and immediately start negotiations to differ from the region "valtiomaisuudesta," Russian news sources say.
His representative Dmitry Peskov later clarified that Putin meant that separatists from dominating the eastern Ukrainian region should be part of Russia, but that its role within the Ukraine need to think again in order to give the Russian-speaking population in the region the power to defend their own rights and interests.
The claim made by Putin in Kiev government negotiations with the Russian-minded rebels as equal negotiating partners is responsible for his apparent strategy, which he has followed ever since the violence began five years ago: he tries to help the separatists to take over the area and to force this government of Ukraine in practice to admit the newly declared restricted Novorossijalle independence, which allows it can be directed to Russia instead of the West.
State's Channel 1 TV channel in an interview, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's efforts to recapture the Separatist-controlled eastern Donetsk and Luhansk Oblast, which the separatists was captured in March and April in Moscow attached to the Ukrainian Crimean peninsula itself on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists are newly baptized region "Novorossijaksi", "New Russian" - this term recalls the glory days of the Russian empire preceded the revolutions.
Russian news agency ITAR-TASS According to Putin, said that the peace talks are planned "illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians to carry out campaigns for parliamentary elections to be held on 26 October and the government troops are attacking the areas controlled by separatists against civilians.
"We must begin immediately to extensive consultations, not only the technical aspects, but also the organization of society and the South-East Ukraine's state status. This takes account of the interests of the people living there, "he says.
According to Peskov Putin's reference to "valtiomaisuudesta" involves a broader autonomy, which has been debated for months in Kiev with the management in its efforts to allay Russian-speaking regions of fears that their cultural and linguistic rights would be threatened.
Only the Ukrainian government may grant eastern territories they need independence, said Peskov.
This issue can not be discussions between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict".
Heckling from the Kremlin's representative, the purpose of which was to correct "false interpretation" of Putin's comments, stressed that the Russian government deals with separatists in the eastern regions of rebellion in a different way than in the Crimea mark, so that it practically took over the region, which 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to connect to itself even in the Donetsk region or regions of Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, because the majority of living in the region of 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian, and because prior to the conflict in opinion polls indicate that the majority of the population in favor of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which venäläisdiplomaatit are discussed in international fora, would give the Ukrainian local governments the right to agree their own trade agreements and external relationships, which would give the Kremlin virtually power in the region, which connects the Russian Krimiin.
Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed to Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian päälaivasto and commercial shipping port areas and historic coastal destinations.
The area between the Russian Rostov region and the Crimea is also the mines, factories and metallinsulattamoita that produce Russia's military vital products.
President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko suggested virkaanastumispuheessaan 7 June, the Ukrainian lawmakers - after new elections - are considering amendments to the constitution in order to enhance decision-making powers derogating from the Ukrainian nuclear area of ​​the regions of their own economy and the role of languages.
However, his vision of independence seems at odds with the Kremlin and the Moscow sharply, perhaps armed and instigated by separatists sentiment.
Putin presented the latest demands of the Kiev government negotiations with the Russian-minded rebels, as equal partners, after the rebels proceeded more last week, Russian tanks and troops invaded eastern Ukraine in the past to block a peaceful area of ​​Azov Sea coast.
Ukrainian security officials fear that over the Russian-backed separatists Novoazovsk of the city is the beginning of a larger effort to, which is intended to take over the entire strategically important coastal zone up to Krimiin.
It has led to massive civilian and military personnel to carry out the strengthening of Mariupol city. Mariupol half a million inhabitants, known as the steel-producing port city, which is located Novoazovsk and the Crimean peninsula, leading to a narrow intermediate land.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday at Brussels, European Union leaders pleading for additional measures to prevent future violations of Russian in Ukraine, a former republic of the Soviet Union, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We achieve as soon as the point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
Ukrainian territory now has thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
EU summit did not make direct decisions concerning the activities; leaders made additional sanctions against the establishment, so that they can be introduced if the Ukrainian crisis flare up again in unclear circumstances.
Ukrainian soldiers were to withdraw from their positions Ilovaiskin the territory of two Russian armored compartment and 1 000 soldiers moved to the last week of Donetsk region in order to strengthen ailing separatists, General Andriy Lysenko, the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council representative, told reporters on Saturday in Kiev.
Lysenko, the first Russian Ilovaiskissa the blockade of the Ukrainian 63 soldiers were traded 10 Russian parachute jump of ice, which imprisoned Ukrainian territory a week ago.
Milan's opening goal was scored virtuoso Japanese Keisuke Honda in the seventh game minutes.
In the second half, the first hit Sulley Muntari and a little later, Jeremy Menez with a penalty spot cannonball.
Laziokin received after narrowing goal of the game in the final moments of the penalty, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez, who Antonio Candrevan a shot.
Lopez moved Milaniin this season with Real Madrid.
Milan's iconic former striker Inzaghi valmennusdebyytissä San Siro Stadium was only half full.
The audience at the match was announced 39 000 spectators.
Australialaisjulkkikset and Gabi Grecko nude photo scandal vortex
Geoffrey Edelstein has declared itself appalled hacker may have stolen his fiancee and the Hollywood A-list star Gabi Grecko nude photos.
Entertainment There are kuhissut after a set Jennifer Lawrence nude photos were published on the Internet as a result of a wide julkkiskuvahakkerointiskandaalin.
The hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 nude pictures of The Hunger Games star Lawrence, and other superstars such as supermodel Kate Uptonista and Cara Delevingne, singer Rihannasta, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunstista.
Also, Australian actor Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Grecko pictures apparently stolen in connection with iCloud leakage.
The list has 101 celebrity names.
Grecko last month kosinut Edelstein said Confidential magazine, "this is disgusting".
Overall, personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is shameful that private information can be stolen and spread.
The New York Grecko commentator has reported cases of online magazine "shameful" and said that the victims "feel evil spoken of."
Hackers are believed to be 30 frames Palmer among this last boyfriend Scott Speed ​​Man with two imposing Palmer topless pool deck.
Palmer's film-merit class. the film "Love and Honor" with co-star Liam Hemsworthin.
Palmer, Chuck series star Strahovski and Sucker Punch actress Browning did not comment on hacked pictures yesterday.
Lawrence representative said TMZ magazine that "it is a brazen violation of privacy".
Actor Seth Rogen was angry hacker twiitissään: "a mobile phone, the publication of stolen images does not differ in any way the sale of a stolen product."
The publication of stolen images should not make it possible, if only from a legal standpoint.
Finland played almost like a home ground and rose to a sensational victory in Cuba volleyball World Cup.
See pictures fan of ecstasy.
Poland Katowice was on Monday white: no Polish red and white, but the Finnish blue and white.
Finnish non-profit followed Spodek arena According to STT, nearly 2,000 Finnish-mongers.
It felt like being played for the home ground.
So a big impact on the fans was peliimme, Finland captain Antti Siltala said the Finnish News Agency STT.
Finland was the match losing streak in an 0-2, but fought back to win great 3-2.
The fourth installment Finland made a miracle run to six points behind.
Cuba led to a lot already from 16 to 10, but after the Finns got on top of bliss.
However, a couple of hundred Finnish fans had to be disappointed when an airport, charter plane was unable to land because of heavy fog Katowice.
So come to Warsaw fans missed the match.
The Finns palloilufanit have conquered Europe with a loud pace in recent days.
Bilbao, Spain's Basketball World Championships in Finland-fans is the site of more than 8,000.
Just like every Finnish basket would have been the game winning basket, the US star player Stephen Curry praised the Finnish korisfaneja after Saturday's match.
The council meeting is not sent to live due to technical problems
Kouvola's city council meeting is unable today to watch via the Internet in real time.
City release, the transmission is not possible due to technical problems.
The City of Kouvola regrets the situation.
Tree of the recording can be viewed in a couple of days to get to the meeting.
Kouvola city council meetings has been able to look through the internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time decision-making can be viewed live on 13.10.2014.
The council meeting videos are available at http://www.kouvola.fi/index/aikuisvaestolle/paatoksenteko/valtuustoverkossa.html and the City of Kouvola YouTube channel.
