Juan was about the city is linked to the city at the beginning of the year 2017 kuopia.
Kuopia City Council adopted the union unanimously on Monday.
Juan was on City Council adopted the union last week.
In the union was also involved in the Tuusniemi, but the council decided that Tuusniemi will continue as an independent.
Kuopio and Juan was about to decide on the implementation of the next parliamentary elections separately.
Municipal elections will be held again in 2016.
Juan was after joining kuopia has a population of around 111, 000.
India and Japan's prime ministers will meet in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister Narendra the way a Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo Aben, to discuss economic and security relations, its first major foreign visit since the May election victory.
Japan exports to the five-day visit is intended to strengthen economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
Subject for discussion are the plans to be at the top of an expanded nuclear power cooperation.
India is also said to be interested in defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: The Ukrainian forces shoot civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the leadership of Kiev, that these are refusing to direct political talks with the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The current Kiev's leadership does not want to carry out essential political debate with the eastern part of his country, Putin said, according to Itar-Tass news agency.
He also said that the pro-Russian separatists, which Kiev and the West say is the Russian army's, tried to push the Ukrainian troops further away from their this one moment of its seats to which Putin said that Ukraine's armed forces shoot civilians.
Militia fighters is pushed out of the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not have the opportunity to shoot the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
Ryrmikorjaamolla events took place on Friday and Saturday.
It has surprised that lot was already in the early evening.
Visitors were expected at the two-day, Tom promottori cloth says.
Wall river hiphop Festival 'was held for the third time.
Next year.
We are going to be still a hiphop festari, in other words, there is not going to witch doctors, to assure the cloth.
Finland takes on Tuesday into force laws that restrict the purchase of explosives-grade materials.
Individuals will have to apply for police permission to buy government or to keep in possession of such materials or mixtures of explosives that could be used as a so-called base.
Such substances are hydrogen-carbon dioxide, nitrogen, methane, nitrogen acid, potassium kloraatti based kloraatti, sodium, potassium and sodium for kloraatti kloraatti and they contain compounds, if the value of the levels are exceeded.
Hydrogen-oxide, for example, is cleaning and my concentration levels, but they generally do not exceed the limit.
Nitro methane is used, for example, driving up.
Acquired before the entry into force of the starting materials should not, however, possess and use on 2 March 2016.
George Webster is accused of the rape and Nairnin Pitlochryn hotel
Two hotel waiting for trial accused of rape.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges against Glasgow upper instance during the session.
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the province of Perthshiren Pitlochryn Scotland ’ s hotel on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking a woman in the state to attacking this' unconscious, sleeping, and was thus unable to make a decision myself '.
Webster is accused of a second rape in addition to the Highlands Nairnissa View of a Gulf Stream 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Raen in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh upper instance.
Committee League: Super-Raheem was notable for - Mario was overshadowed by Ilta Sanoma League Committee - -
Against 19-year-old Raheem Sterling showed once again why he is considered an English football's future chance.
White Hart Lane was Sunday, electronic climate, when Mario Balotellilla strengthened Liverpool arrived in Tottenham as a guest.
Super-Marion fine debut was promising: Experienced English journalists saw the 24-year-old Italian who has done work on the ground in a completely different attitude than Manchester City.
Balotelli was still a long way from the top.
Italian missed three high-quality paint jobs and bait from 16 to feed-in only half of their own team.
Players already favourite taken -kannattajat are looking better in the future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers planted Balotellin travelled to Barcelona, Luis, Mr Suarez as the aggressor in the role of second team alongside Daniel Sturridgen.
Team stars kimaltaa Balotellin instead of at the top of the middle-ground diamonds Raheem Sterling, which tökätä 3 an important opening goal over Hugo Llorisin.
Sterling, 19, is not exactly a shining example of just the intensity.
Balotellia 20 cents less than an English is an adversary, in between lines like a fish in water.
Properties is not general players who flies by grasslands, at best, some 34 km per hour speed.
Rodgers Sterling development also deserves great credit.
Northern Irish said after the match, Liverpool has systematically developed Wembleyn juurella increase in the north-west London just a case kiitäjä a more complete player.
Susanna Mälkki was elected to the Helsinki city over an orchestra conductor, "I am pleased and proud of"
Helsinki city authorities has decided to appoint Susanna Mälk Helsinki city orchestra conductor now more than a conductor since the autumn of 2016.
Journal of the Los Angeles Times, have asked what the orchestra he will take the next step.
Susanna Mälkki says it will start in his new job was pleased and proud.
Helsinki city orchestra has played a key role in our country's musical life for more than a century, including a large number of Sibelius kantaesittää music.
Orchestra have led to the best Finnish conductor, and I have been working with several orchestra members in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation, "he says.
Employees' organisations regimes size pension negotiations - In our country - The regions - Uutinen - Livestock's people
Pension negotiations today seeking a new impetus to the trade unions for their own reunions.
Employees unions SAK, Akava and STTK's administrations will deal with in the morning, the negotiating situation.
Then the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
Unions must do a disservice to the linkage of the retirement age, among other things, a far.
Organisations have promised to work career move by this autumn, but the latest estimate, it would be this week.
Pihti pudas.
Rovaniemeläinen women's air ball league team Woman Volley of its league nousija Vampula Urheilija Pihti pudas rehearsal tournament Final on Sunday.
Vampula wrecking five of a drawn-out the match 3-2 victory.
The last tranche WoVo lost 15-11.
Neighbour was always one step ahead of the game.
Fight was good, but the defensive play of the game and the passport Vampula was a little better, the coach saw WoVon Teemu Mäkikyrö.
WoVon kuusikko risainen was in that 190 senttinen American sentteri Jennifer Keddy was back on the stuck on the sidelines.
Sentteri played Sara peninsula.
Karo scarf Kyllönen thumb injury, the game was competitive and was Johanna Pekkarinen WoVon came with a vibrant mix.
Jenna Hakkuri started Central decline made way for Jana Jaudzemalle 1.5 tranche of the last period of time.
Vampula for the best part of it was a clever, as well as Russian passari Libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen which WoVo toured as much as possible.
WoVon preparedness leagues will continue next week when Hämeen Castle will table at the end of training camp, from Rovaniemi.
Team will face on Saturday "kauppiksella 'at 18 in the Official exercise game.
Sunday is the sports university again.
Lidl forged a huge figures in Finland
Finland's supermarket company turnover increased by the end of February over accounts for almost 25 percent of the nearly 1.2 billion.
The results the company released the information on Monday.
Lidl in Finland is now a total of 142 shops, and enlargement is to continue.
Lidl also told us that in the last financial year to Finland was paid for by the taxes of almost 14 million.
Lidl Finland belongs to a German group Lidl.
Company is in Finland for more than 4, 200 employees.
Ovarian cancer die more often sparsely populated areas for contracts to diagnose and more difficult access to health care,
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have published a video out to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Australia who live in rural areas, women have a higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than those living in the cities.
Australian scientists have reviewed more than 1100 in 2005 ovarian cancer diagnosis has been a woman's medical records and said that only 35 percent of women, or more than five years after diagnosis.
Prime researcher Susan Jordan QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute, confirmed that the sparsely populated and remote areas are 20 percent more likely to be women died during the study than women living in urban areas.
Small research: The new drugs may slow down the lung and ovarian cancer
Scientists have reviewed the history of women's health in seven years.
Doctor Susan Jordan, also a woman's age at diagnosis, increased types, past illnesses and socio-economic status seemed to chances of survival.
An elderly women and a wider spread of the cancer diagnosis, the likelihood of survival was the lowest.
To the sparsely populated and remote areas are 20 percent more likely to be women died during the study than women living in urban areas.
Research does not find out why those living outside urban women have a lower probability of coping with ovarian cancer, but Jordan see as potential reasons for the delayed diagnosis and complicate access to care.
‘ gynaecological oncology specialist care for this disease better, and their reception are located mostly in large cities', Jordan says.
Distance services even though the treatments are becoming more frequent and the distance factor is diminishing, the researchers suggested greater movement of doctors so that specialists will be able to treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programmes to support far away from home treat patients.
Doctor of the Jordan, according to a study of ovarian cancer for women with long-term survival rate is a bad geographical location, which highlight the need for better care and better methods, including cancer.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer-funded research will be published in the Medical Journal of Australia reported today.
In March 2012 of 33-year-old Gold Coastissa sees mothers Elisha Neavella said Gent ovarian cancer.
Rovaniemi town wants to strengthen the arms' car park behind the action of the park, which is located next to the hotel Pohjan Court of Appeal.
Monday, the city government decided that the friendship between the park and its surroundings in the reference section of the one-stop shop for preparatory texts in public places.
Scale proposal asks for advice on the Environment Committee of Lapland and Ely-centre.
Zoning changes will help the city wants to make it possible to tourism-related motor kelkkailu operations continue in the region.
Here is supposed to form a Park area, which includes the existing friendship between the park and the river and the area.
Here should not, according to this proposal on 15 November and on 30 April, up to a maximum of 200 engines on a permanent basis in the period between the tables.
The region receives in aid for some of the refuelling point.
To a new park in the region are allowed to also supply the transport.
Rovaniemi town has rented a friendship Park area of motor kelkkailu safari companies use during the winter.
The rental agreement has been renewed, most recently in the spring of 2014 and the agreement is in place by spring 2018.
Car park behind the operation and scale change has generated vociferous opposition.
Neighbouring blocks of flats residents have been annoyed to vote so as concerned about emissions.
Regional emissions has, however, been investigated, and studies have not been guidelines over the findings.
Reform equipment is old vähäpäästöisempää.
Friendship Park car park area is reinforced by the fact that, if the point of origin to be transferred away from their customers to go to a hotel, safari safari starting places by bus, which had an estimated 15 departure a day.
Friendship Park and the surrounding environment, according to the city's game is also sufficiently broad, better than a replacement starting places in the seats as, for example, the bridges to the east side of the boat jetty Ounasjoki neighbour.
Friendship Park is its location, on a good connection with the fact that those activities will in future enlargement, for example, Ounaspaviljongin region.
Car park activities is part of a consolidation of Rovaniemi, city development strategy adopted by the City Council that the city is aimed at, among other things, create a good framework for business for provision of high-quality areas logistically and operationally termed places.
Park is the importance of a friendship engine kelkkailu starting place in the centre of the general pattern, which has not yet entered into force.
Owned the housing bill is reflected in the garden shop
Reduction in the number of home-owners, especially in less than 35-year-old group, could lead to a reduction in turnover of garden shops of tens of millions, when today's young consumers reach their age in the garden: The sale of the main target group ', the Financial Times said in the garden of the British trade unions (Horticultural Trades Association, the HTA) research.
The Financial Times report, housing vuokraaja spend gardening only 55 percent of homeowners from using the money.
Research had also become apparent that more and more people are living in a very urban homes that do not have gardens, and the smaller garden in the courtyard of continuing to build more and more car parks, and the area of these factors threaten to garden, with an estimated value of around 5 billion pounds a year.
London across a residential property has fallen to 61% to 43% in six years, and there are used horticultural products per household in the least money throughout the country.
HTA's and the British horticultural associations (RHS) in the house or in the garden of the size of the increase in concluding the decline does not mean, however, that people will not be able to grow crops.
's leading RHS garden advice Guy Barter says, 'for example, transferred to farming to increase container plants are particularly popular among vuokraaja housing, because this kind of breeding the dishes can be, if necessary, to include migration'.
HTA's, according to a report the years 1997-2005 were horticulture resale renaissance, because housing ownership and wealth increased by the end of the 1980s to mid-1990s.
Reports it is also predicted that trade improves this year thanks to improved weather conditions, in March and April of last year after the dreadful.
Turkey is to American diplomats for espionage report
Turkey's Foreign Ministry has called the country's experienced the American diplomat to give an explanation from the report on the espionage by the United States and Britain in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister, according to Bulentin affaires of the US embassy and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German Der Spiegel magazine and online magazine The Intercept have written that the United States national security agency, the National Security Agency (NSA), the former analyst Edward Snowdenin leaked documents reveal the intelligence services of the United States and Britain have been the main espionage target.
Turkey's press agencies report that the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all the major countries have spied on each other.
Germany's previous report by the intelligence services to Ankara by the angry reaction of spying for the government in Ankara.
Cannes winner Croze is found in the new Finnish film
In a number of successful films been Canadian-actress Marie-Josée Croze has been paid to the majority of women in the new Finnish film.
Croze plays a director Mikko Kuparinen film 2 night and morning, descriptions of which will open this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes film festival as part of the award to the best of women's main role in the film he bar the invasion in 2003.
He has been, among other things, Steven since the film in Munich, as well as glass and Julian Schnabelin butterflies in the film.
2 in the morning and night, the bulk of it is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film will premiere in Finland in September 2015.
Majorca Magalufin chief of police accused of corruption
Cases, from the evidence given by police officers and Calviàn City Council officials in Majorca blackmail by the public prosecutor's office on Friday.
Holiday island of Majorca Calviàn chief of police has been arrested in the region, known as wet celebrated Magalufin movements and bar owners as a result of the accusations of corruption.
Inspector José Antonio Navarro was placed into custody after several Punta Ballena, owner of the movement by corruption charges against her in Ballena. Pounds is located most of Magalufin bars and night clubs.
Mallorca will be published online daily newspaper Diario out of the case according to the evidence given by police officers and Calviàn City Council officials in Majorca blackmail by anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
Spanish civil guard the other two were arrested by local police in connection with corruption, and they are being interrogated by a judge, together with Navarron.
Throughout the country presented daily biological wrote night club owners get indignant authorities of bias, which has made a significant contribution to their businesses.
It is no longer the 'money, but the survival of one of the owners of the movement ", the court said.
You are not trying to destroy their livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf newspapers in several countries, was in the headlines this summer, when the online spread of YouTube videos, where the 18-year-old British holiday-makers was a sex 24 with a man during the so-called pubs crawlin.
The island's authorities have since been trying to contain Magalufin holidaymakers humaltua and uncontrolled use by reducing the notorious, alcohol-ridden pubs crawlien number of participants.
In addition, -yökerho, where a sex video was filmed, was shut down for a year, and night-club owner and pub Carnagelle crawlin organisers were jointly to pay 55, 000-euro fines.
, above all, young British tourists, a popular tourist destination among Magalufin has become popular with the so-called -trendi, which has caused a series of accidents caused by alcohol consumption, when people have to jump to another or parveke parveke hotel swimming pool.
Israeli children will return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip in the region returned to school Monday after spending the summer in shelters as rockets and mortars have bombed their communities 50-day Israel and Hamas of war and schools remained closed for the region to recover from the fighting.
School opening of joy and the tension was caused by rockets to bomb the southern Israeli communities, but the scars are still visible.
In the south, in the city of Ashdod -päiväkodissa workers removed the pieces disappear from school walls and traces of use before the arrival of children would hit the report.
'We are a little bit afraid, but also looking forward to the', says Ron Bart, who lives in a kibbutz in an Israeli Commune, English teachers at school and work in the city.
Many people in this region live children desperately need routine.
Bartin 11-year-old daughter Shani Bartin believes that the return to school for a long time seems a little strange. ''
In between: It has been a difficult time, when we left at home anywhere, 'he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited a kibbutz near the Gaza border, offering their support.
Before the start of the last weeks of a cease-fire, thousands of Saadi border areas such as the inhabitants of the communities were kept indoors or out of their homes to safer areas further away from Gaza in order to escape fire rockets and grenades.
Many of the Gaza Strip near the front of the Nahal Oz 'Community residents are sceptical about the return of the Palestinian grenade killed 4-year-old boy by a policeman in the Community.
Department of Education, more than ten of the family had not yet returned.
The children of these families have so far invested in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, near the Gaza border in a coastal town, which was under heavy Palestinian fire.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised: Children's education and safety are '.
Israel and Hamas agreed to a cease-fire for the time being in force last Tuesday.
Cease-fire stopped the fighting immediately, but it did not bring the solution to many of the key issues, such as the Hamas call for the lifting of the blockade Israel and Egypt and the Gaza air and sea route re-opened.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas disarmed and bring back the bodies of the two captured Israeli soldiers in the war.
Egypt is expected to start a new round of indirect negotiations later this month.
Palestinian and UN estimates that more than 2, 100 Palestinians died in that war, of which three-quarters were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has had a different view of the number of the dead, according to which, at least half of the dead were soldiers but because there has been no firm evidence of this.
Israel's side died 66 soldiers and six civilians, including, among other things, Thai worker.
Hamas and the rest of the people of Gaza, soldiers shot battles 4 591 rockets and mortar shells on Israeli cities, mostly in the south.
Israel's army, for its part, took more than 5, 000 air strikes and other attacks.
Israel's attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and it is estimated that 250,000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 of the UN to maintain to school, which had been modified for provisional protection.
Tens of thousands of people still in shelters and the fighting is continuing education authorities put off until the beginning of the school during the last week.
'I hope that the school can embark soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and just as Jewish children', said the Gaza town, at school, protected from a 13-year-old Mohammad Amara.
Generally used in standard housing prices have risen most to seven years the Australian permeating the.
Australia's housing prices in the capital city of valid RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic the price index rose 1.1 percent in August, the RP's data showed on Monday.
Is a rise in June, July and August for the rise in prices was a total of 4.2 percent, more than the same months after 2007.
Annual price rises were 10,9%, which is more than twice as many as the year 2013 in August over the previous 12 months, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
RP Data Research director Tim Lawlessin in Sydney and Melbourne, are at the top of the rise in prices.
RP Data results show that house prices in Sydney rose 16.1 percent in Melbourne and 11.7 percent in the previous year.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin in the housing market are now busy; prices average is between five and six percent.
Canberra is the weak housing market, where prices rose just 1.4 percent a year, the government as a result of the spending cuts.
Lawlessin, Australia started the spring will increase the number of houses are for sale in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
: Given the rise in housing sales to be auctioned off, a generally lively sales pace and continuing low interest rates, it is likely that housing prices will continue to rise in the next three months' Lawless says.
New Gösta museum has drawn a record audience Mänttä
The new museum and the arts have drawn record to the public this summer, Mänttä.
Serlachius art museums is the end of August, had more than 70, 000 foreign.
New Gösta museum was opened in June, and there there has been, among other things, pop art classic works Andy Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
Mänttä picture art Wednesday, said on Monday that they have made visits a record when One moment was this summer, visited 14 500 interested.
Tälläinen figures is not used.
Is violence lapannut the doors and windows, "says director Pauli Sivonen Serlachius museum.
Sivonen estimates that the whole of the year, will become a museum Serlachius of visitors this year is close to 100,000.
Past few years, visitors have been about 40, 000.
Tampere and Jyväs Mänttä Vilppu children in the middle of the village, which is about 11, 000 inhabitants.
Museum director Sivonen pointed out that the new museums are always on opening up phenomena.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
Mänttä art it is hoped the period will continue far over the summer.
Autumn art museum will open new exhibition.
Police is investigating the theft of the four in the last few days Kajaani.
On Sunday night on the streets of the northern business buildings broken into by breaking the window.
Factor had received cash machines, according to a small amount of money.
Syvä ojan between Thursday and Monday, the streets had been stolen truck tanks of fuel.
Petäisen boat onto the dock, had been abducted on Sunday and Monday between the origin of a boat motor.
Rowing boat was -merkkinen kellertevä elections from the outside and from within.
Home side read out the text of a strong side, '' said.
A couple of suspects steal police already had a chance to catch up with.
On Sunday, evening the woodpeckers puron business buildings broken into.
Police dogs received a mark on and our twenties paltamolais six men were found in forests from hiding behind what happened.
Monday, police were to steal Paltamo another man, who is suspected of also guilty of the same burglary.
Missing amphetamines brought murder charges Kajaani
Less than 10 grams of amphetamines the disappearance of one of the murder charges in 1977 a properly functioning kajaanilais men.
Prosecutor that men had gone to unmarried partners and with another man to housing and firing shotgun exported drugs suspected of housing, the holder of the 34-year-old kajaanilais women.
The defendants denied the charge and claimed that the other man with a sniper.
This case came to the attention of the police, when a police patrol stopped the car, which had the company was burning blood work second-hand clothes.
Burned clothes in tatters, were found in a car cut off shotgun.
Kainu District Court its judgment at a later date.
August was in many parts of an unusually warm.
World of science, according to the plant as hot month of August will be repeated on average once in 10 years.
Meteorology agency statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal throughout the country.
A large part of the country was a discrepancy of one to two degrees.
July and August heat that the whole summer was warmer than usual.
Throughout the summer's highest temperature in the first week of August in Po, where the thermometer showed 32,8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never hugged me.
He never said hands me
Henry was born from Jamaica to the seven children of the migrant families Dudleyssa British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory and killed Henry was 19-year-old son and father, that ratio was distant.
Henry is currently training in Rudy's Rare Records for the Group ’ s, which is partly based on a fictitious debate with his father, and which has been developed on the basis of a series of Radio 4 Canal.
Voice stripes is a mix of reggae and rappia -tahdissa.
Henry has been forced to undergo painful childhood memory.
He has had therapy on several occasions after the death of his mother, and he is a great deal of its relationship with his father.
Father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only voice said: To stop making a fuss.
Leave the sisters in peace.
Moving!
I think now cricket.
Old brother Seymour and Hilton, which had already been adults I when I was a child, went and met with the father at the beer, for example, or in the form of cricket of beauty.
I never spoke to him on those issues.
A big part of my life for me, she was it hymytön men in a corner, reading the newspaper.
Henry opened recently in metal smelting works Dudleyssa and got such an idea of what kind of life her father must have been, although working conditions today are better than they were at the time.
Smelting works are now somewhat more but they are, in practice, dark, smoky, labyrinthine depths where syöksähdellä flames, smoke and soot and who bring to mind tuonela.
My father used to go to the bath and only our land, and slowly he began to sing on their own wash dirt out of the self-employed.
Su latta many around walking I understood that he had done the job for us for many years to acquire the food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Henry, from childhood was lacking, despite the proximity of the parents.
My father never hugged and never said hands me.
Only when my mother began sairastella shortly before his death, we began to come out to each other, we love each other.
Henry is -tytär Dawn Frenchin, and with his own children, he has been able to share that love with him as a child was missing.
Do you ever repeat 'private you'?
Stopped now it halailu!
Father, I am 22!
Dawn Frenchin.
Why not be friends?
He has a formidable mother
Henry is still good friends with Frenchin, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why Dawn and I would not be friends?
He is a great mother.
Henry in their own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the causes that led to the death of the mother.
When I began to suffer from the abundance of obesity and diabetes symptoms, doctors ordered me to do a U-turn.
After that, I began to have some exercise a lot, and I had to begin tough special diet to reduce symptoms.
It will be very difficult.
And dull.
No one enjoys eating carrots.
Henry is well-known, short beard, perhaps, describes her transformation from an career development period.
The critic to a lot of good feedback from its role as Othello he is immersed in the theatre.
Next in line were By mistake a comedy and August Wilson, its fences ('').
The conclusion of a theatre offers a different experience than a sitcom and a comedy that Henry has done the whole of a busy careers.
Henry started when he was only in the field of 16-year-old factory worker.
One of a DJ found him on doing imitaatio and contacted the New Faces.
Henry TV career began in the mid-1970s. 'For quite a long time, I was on the TV's only black imitaattori and comedian,' he says.
Henry learn from doing their job.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce jokes out on a conveyor belt between 1975 and 1985, while at the same time living tähteys and I was on television, and it was a difficult time.
Lenny the New Faces in 1975
Henry was the stage manager of the The Black and White Minstrel Show ’ hun, light entertainment programmes, in which people are presented in black skin like meikata, so Henry came up with the comedian programme for five years.
Families did not like that.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never was not involved in it, but I have no regrets.
Even though my position was strange and unacceptable, I got to work on the huge events, and I learned how to deal with the public.
Yet 'British TV's been rewarded, multi-year favourite and light entertainment programmes at the same time,' 'was a grotesque parody blacks of the people'.
Henry was working in another of the 1980s comedy series, in which both were made fun of that go black British culture being under.
The Lenny Henry Show ’ s first-session were shown in 1984, and the 1990s, Henry was known, among other things, figure chef Gareth Blacklockina comedy series Dutch chef!
Henry spent the following decade in advertisements, documents, TV series and films, but on the part of the BBC in 2008 after näytetyn. he said to themselves: 'What are you going next, they were, it now appears that trampled on just the workplace or go' processes.
Next in line was Radio 4 documentary series' What ’ s South Great about...? '.
The first part was Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It has not really been taught to us in school properly, and I think it was a member of the middle class white trousers and socks, which used to have the money.
Shakespeare's subject because I fear.
All those interviewed in the programme, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, said to me: 'Try.
Don't reject the whole idea before you know where you are.
Tapailla words and understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said 20 lines of a poem by Othello, and a documentary about the last speech he had been sold.
I know that I will be able to do that.
It seems almost as if some part of me would have been lacking in the past, and now it was in place.
"That it is about, this is important, so we are taking it seriously, do our bags, we do a little background research.
Training process was tough, and I read the scene for months before it was carried out.
Spectacle was ultimately a success.
Its apparently was expected to fail, but that is not quite the case.
Shortly after Henry personally played the leading part By mistake a comedy.
Suddenly playing the British national theatre, and I could not believe it to be true.
I was thinking of the idea at one point: 'Oho, you are changed'.
Again play had technical problems, and Henry felt clearly that it was his job to entertain the public.
"A small voice in my mind said to me: 'Your ’ s is to be able to survive alone for 10 minutes, until the computer works again. ’"
Instead, the director assistant, announced that the motion will be resumed as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walk out of the stage and, I heaved a sigh of relief.
It is not my responsibility,
I can leave it to others.
'' Your you are part of the scene, to keep up with the role of an '
Henry '' Good -teatterissa
Good speed word '' was a challenge.
Panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
This spectacle was well received, and it was as if the gods of, 'This is what you should do'.
Henry says this, of course, gum voice.
So I decided to leave it at that.
I love my sincere thanks to this work.
I love training room.
Henry, however, remains essentially a comedian: Small humour larvae interrupt our discussion continued his when changing imitaatio to another.
Stan abstinence is a question of will, as an immediate praise from the public seems to feel dangerous.
If you are hungry for it all the time, it can lead to a dead end.
Sometimes spend a lot of time Apollo theatre when it seems, but in general, it is no longer drive me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry, is he no longer go to a new medium-sized kiertueelle.
I have a real joy to sit together with the director, which will help to shape the whole journey, mid-term and the beginning of the end, and I do not believe that I would never give up the feeling.
So this is his new rebirth?
I think so.
I think the exhibition.
It is really fun.
Exhibition are continually told the story, and in that role I enjoy.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya will register officials to remove the 'ghost workers' '
Kenya has started to draw up a biometric register officials in an attempt to remove the 'ghost workers' 'in the pay of the government.
Workers, who have not signed up to the register in the next two weeks, should not be able to continue to pay, the government announced.
Government suspects that thousands are still being paid their salary after leaving officials to task.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to root out corruption in the public sector, the office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit 'ghost workers' wages and other financial abuses it took a month to at least one million dollars.
Government suspects that wages are paid to account even after people have been killed or left to the officials, the BBC Wanyama Chebusiri will report to the capital Nairobi.
All officials will inform themselves on the register in the next few weeks, the identification centres, in order to ensure that their data is stored biometric registration forms, were told the government.
Releases, all who leave this to be done without a proper reason, remove the pay list.
"This measure will rationalise public sector significantly, because it determines how many people will really work, and the pay should be searched in the course of their duties of the government agenda at both levels, thereby overcoming the 'ghost workers' problems', says Anne Waiguru, decentralisation and planning ministry for Cabinet official.
River walls of the 2015 financial year results may be left with 25.5 million euro deficit in, unless the city adjust their activities and spending on development to the tense economic situation.
Preparations for the current budget year is becoming a cover on the basis of about 9.4 million deficit in.
Possible means to enhance the services were the extent and rate of haggling, buying services, asset sales and grants, and the tax revenues increase.
Investment of 10 million in reductions targets together is 8.5 million.
The situation there is no relief.
The praise for the new obligations, insufficient growth in tax revenues, rising unemployment and the state share of the 5% cuts are undermining the prospects for even more.
Economic seminar is designed to look for new ways to balance the economy.
The city government has agreed unanimously that the savings have to be made.
Ships must be translated into objective in line with the strategy, says City Council chairman Kimmo Heinonen.
The city government restored the proposals put forward a management team to prepare.
City Council's proposals are being drafted as the basis for the economic seminar on Monday, the board of governors Frami on 8 September.
Council after a seminar on policy actually is progressing on the board sat through the proceedings and a local council.
10 Turkish Cypriot police arrested on suspicion of a plot against the government ''
All 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of a plot against the government '', local media sources are telling.
Police authorities have not commented on immediately.
Hurriyet Daily News, says that among those arrested were 14 high-ranking police officials.
Part of the police officers was last December in connection with the corruption investigation, which were targeting government officials, including four government ministers.
July, a number of police officers was arrested in Turkey on charges of organising a tangle of crime and telephones to follow.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (which measures during that period as prime minister), said the police action is part of the Islamic leader Fethullah Gullenin him and others in power against the planned action.
All children do not go to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine's schools opened their doors on Monday (on 1 September) following the summer holidays.
This is a historically significant day for families, and thousands of other Ukrainian Citizens' parent, like Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took their daughters to school.
At the same time, he told reporters that for all the schools have not opened up again, but he said he was committed to defending the country for future generations.
September's first-day ceremony is celebrated in every school.
The whole of Ukraine is not at peace.
We have to fight for peace.
Ukraine as a whole, the whole of a Ukrainian non-governmental front will have to fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a leading teacher Slavianskin Yatsenyukin school, where my daughter is, spoke in Russian.
I hope that peace will return here, at last, and that the children will be able to receive the kind of learning, which is of use to them in the future.
First they leave are part of the celebrations of the traditional children's kirjailla shirts without the ball and flowers to teachers.
Texas, according to Perry's abusive twiitti was unauthorised
Texas Governor Rick Perry confirmed Twitter accounts were sent on Sunday evening to defame the image of Democrats as a lawyer in the middle of that when consulted by the abuse of power allegations.
Tweetti was removed at a later date, and that was followed by a new tweetti, where Perry swore that he did not have anything to do with image.
Tweetti was sent out unlawful accounts.
"I do not accept tweettiä and removed its', a later publication said.
Perry's team did not immediately responded to requests for clarification.
Even though tweetit was sent to Perry's strengthened Twitter accounts, it is not clear who published the picture.
The first twiitti contained defame caricature of Travisin constituency lawyer Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry has prevented Lehmbergin financial authorities when he refused to resign, which led to a large jury assembly Austin this month, Perry was accused of 2016; Perry is a potential candidate for the presidential elections.
Tweetin headline was: 'I do not always drunk, three times the permitted level of alcohol with higher... but when that happens, I blame Governor Perry on the finger of the'.
I am on the Texas hops from Democrats.
Lehmbergin agencies do not resulted in large jury research against Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, San Antioniossa operate special prosecutor, whose Republican judge ordered for the job.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the charges a political.
His influential legal aid team has asked a judge to reject the accusations in the matter and said that the law, on the basis of which the Texas for the longest period in office of the governors of the constitution, to hold up a mirror, is unclear.
Perry has cut $7.5 million in state aid to the state of the public integrity unit, which operates Travisin of and to deal with public accusations, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision received follow-up group that relies on the left to provide a formal complaint on the matter.
Perry's the Twitter account is updated regularly, and sometimes also kuuluisasti.
To reach fifth place in Iowa during an election meeting in the 2012 presidential campaign that it was stopping a game during Perry's sabre rattling by Twitter by publishing the text of a lake lenkkeillä picture 'from here will be, -Carolina!' As well.
Berkeley, the housing market has returned to normal ''
London, one of the main developers has warned that south-east of England in the housing market are '' returned to a normal level of activity.
City housing in London is being hit by a huge demand and a sharp rise in fuel prices at the same time as it is feared widespread credit bubble, which led the Bank of England to set restrictions on their mortgages in June.
High levels of the founder of Berkeley's promoter and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "in the current economy since the beginning of the year the number of markets and shops have returned to normal in 2013," and added that it has provided a stable environment. ''
London's housing market took a downturn in hordes of foreign investors in the capital.
Land registry data, housing prices in the city rose by 18.5 percent and exceeded the previous year alone, so clearly in England and Wales, which was the average of 6.7 percent.
Berkeley private, affordable and student buildings average selling price rose by about one-fifth the previous year, achieving 423 million pound rise in the price of the end of April.
Strengthened the pound, however, has made the London buildings less attractive in recent months - part of interest have also contributed to the new property tax laws and the political rhetoric of a possible tax mess' 'before the May general election.
London of Foxtons estate agents warned last week that the April housing report, where was stricter lending rules would lead to lower ones in the market, as well as the level of growth in the number of property sales and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England on Monday, the latest data showed that the number of loans approved fell in July, suggesting a cooling down in the housing market.
Real estate agents Hamptons International has fallen from the 2015 forecast for the London property prices to lower prices by 3%, as the owner of the opinion valid index prices have already started to suffer.
Do shops of London's most expensive areas, Mayfair and the Chelsea Kensingtonissa will fall by a quarter of a year ago, real estate agents WA Ellis says.
Demand for homes in the capital, however, it is a blessing that Berkeley, Chairman of the increased income property sold to more than 2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that "a well-structured, with the right product demand the best location has remained stable, and, consequently, sales have remained very strongly".
In June the company said April 3 742 new homes sold in the previous year, which is almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak reached in 2007.
Yearly before taxes rose 40 percent fall in the profits of a year ago and is thus 380 million pounds and turnover increased by 18 percent to 1.6 billion.
Pidgley said Monday, before the company's annual meeting that the Berkeley-year track record of the current meet market expectations.
Analysts are agreed that the whole of the year, pre-tax profits of 450 million pounds.
Berkeley of the shares sold in the afternoon the London stock exchange by the steadily increasing price 23,96 pounds.
Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuva network leaked hackers
Jennifer Lawrence of the 85th anniversary of the arrival of the annual Academy Awards.
Hackers, who claims that he was in possession of a hundred others, therefore, pictures of Oscar actress Jennifer Lawrence naku picture of the web.
Hunger for the game's sake representative confirmed that the pictures are genuine and condemned the hackers' outrageous invasion of privacy ".
Authorities have been contacted, and all that publish Jennifer Lawrence the stolen pictures will be forthcoming to the accusations.
Image, which originally was published -kuvanjulkaisusivulla, were apparently ended up in the wrong hands Apple -tallennusjärjestelmän due to weakness, and hundreds of other hacking claims to be on the list, therefore, is the subject of dozens of other female stars, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed has said.
It is not known how many of the pictures are genuine, although Scott Pilgrim Earth against the Winstead was condemned by hacking Twitter.
"For those who are looking for me and my husband the privacy of our home years ago studied the images: I hope you have a good mind ', Winstead twiittasi.
Nickolodeonin 'iCarly' and 'Victorious' Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of the pictures, however, and twiittasi, 'these so-called alastonkuva I believe are counterfeit,' do you not understand.
Will allow me to make this end in the bud.
BuzzFeedin announced late on Sunday that the pop star Ariana Granden representatives denied the authenticity of the images of the stars.
Only we presented takes Howard Jacob Persson praise since the new novel, which tells of love and j letter
They dissolved, it described the best of what has happened, little by little, they become loose each other than rainfall remained out of cardboard boxes.
Only from time to time, he heard a woman that was too serious, hard, intensive, disengagement, and perhaps also a little piikikäs.
Then he wave their hands.
He identified piikikäs.
Yes, he was, like the hedgehog piikikäs.
His horse the latest victim had been in the early stages of the relationship, which was, however, have been promising; was it seem to me that this relationship would have been able to facilitate his lonely boredom, and it would perhaps have been able to bring to his life even some content.
Solomon then was Ailinn kesyttämätön hair and he was sensitive hentoinen kaunotar pleasure of nature on heart, a village in the north, which was once more prosaic and away from everything from Port Reuben.
He had become a parent journey with our partners in the south, which had expected to be his aunts Kevern. Uncles had inherited the house, which was located but potato paradise Valley, and the Valley was conveniently havens in the name of the valley.
House had not lived there for many years.
Pipeline leak, in all of the bathrooms was hämähäkki, snails had left its mark on the windows with a view of the whole place to call their own garden grew by weeds, who reminded the unmistakeable kaalin Prime.
Cottage was than what children, at the same time, an ominous and the magical, authors of full of secrets.
The writer said: Howard Jacobson, whose novel 'J' is a candidate for -kirjallisuuspalkinnon over in 2014.
's candidacy will be published next week
Kevern had sat hand-in-hand with Ailinnin broken patio chair, in the middle of a long hay should enjoy a surprisingly warm spring afternoon, both listening to a receiver costing less voice, through which the country as a whole has heard and mollifying music and reassuring news when Ailinnin cross, the sun's ruskettaa feet brought to mind Kevernin song that was to sing a long time ago been forgotten a black female performers and which his father had often listened to cottages säle kaihdin low.
Leg is too great.
The song were, by definition, too aggressive, and they no longer played receiver.
They had not banned, nothing really had been banned, there is not only no longer played.
The people wanted to leave to oblivion, as in the word unho caps.
Public opinion led to the laws had not been achieved and will be declared: Just as in the field of literature the heroes from his memoirs, recipe book and romance, music, they prefer balladi.
Day villiinnyttää Kevern began to dial a piano and sing serenadi Ailinnin big noble arrogant comic voice.
Ailinn did not understand.
"It was a jazz pianist Fats Wallerin famous song 'Kevern told him, and has at the same time, by its nature, two at his finger in front of your mouth.
That is what his father had always done before 'j' found time getting out of his lips.
Had already begun between the father and his game but when he was small.
His father told us to play the same game with his own father.
If allowed into the foot j% to start the word and you remembered to raise a finger at two express, to pay a penny.
It was not very nice to play with at the time, and that was it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of such a thing.
Jazz was not exactly been declared prohibited, it has only been played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
Life there was only room for one if.
At the beginning of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would come to an end.
His wit was the case in the same way.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was the music through his wit.
Even though Kevern did not have 10 years of age now, heard of Sammy Davis' The June Timor, jazz music had become familiar to him from his father, through secret CD-ROMs.
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Ailinnin age, taking into account it was likely that he remembered the time when popular singers were not black.
This would not have been necessary laws and not coercion.
-abiding society meant that each of the parts of it accepted with gratitude, with gratitude, that they were as lucky trade have saved, the principle that each group made it the natural things.
Temperament and physical characteristics of the Afro-Caribbean-just people with best suit for entertainment and sport, and they sing and run.
's originally from the Indian continent were as inherently talented with electrical appliances, so their task was to ensure that every family had a functioning phone, which was used to deal with matters.
Those who were left in a Polish community, worked a plumber; the last of the Greeks broke plates.
When the SE, what would happen if it was proven, the events in the Gulf and the Middle East from been, whose grandparents were not swiftly fled for fear of being charged with flames flared up and for fear that the flames reach to them, have opened restaurants, where I burned -jogurttia and water pipes, and continued to live in the eyes of the creation of boredom and despair.
Each of leaving a gift.
Ailinn was heard only balladi, and for her it was difficult to understand how Kevernin just sing violate the words had never been put to music.
Expressed love through music.
"We are not really insulting 'Kevern said.
Except, perhaps, the big-legged.
I my father never offended anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but been rejected there created an illusion of security.
None of the word levies be passed not by the mega-kaalin main crops through the insulation.
Ailinn would still not understood.
Why father loved something of this sort?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise the two at his finger on his lips Ailinnin company.
Ailinn held him strange right now.
"It was a father believes that amusing, '' he said instead.
Ailinn shaking his head in disbelief, and his his hair covered Kevernin terms.
Does not change to see here in the world and a huge, black hair Ailinnin variksen pehko.
Nothing else he did not want to see.
'' If you again for saying so, he said, but not sounded convinced.
It does not, however, explain why sing it to me.
Ailinn appeared to be genuinely confused.
Are my foot so big?
She thought again.
Not your leg really high.
The ankle, maybe, a little bit...
And you hate me, because ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
I, of course, hates you.
It was a stupid song.
He would have said, '' you will be private, but it was still too early to it.
"We have I think a charming thick ankles, ', he tried to rectify the situation.
I have a perverse in that sense.
This was no help.
He had wanted the façade of the nice.
Hauskuuttaa often, when he wanted to, the impact was very different, because he, like his father, was missing from the convincing charmi which joke brutality can control.
Perhaps her father had meant it is cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same.
Lempee in sight.
Ailinn blush with Solomons and rose to patio chairs and brought down at the same time that and läikyttää wine, which they just had been drinking.
Wine had been made only seljan each, so that she could not use the törmäily.
Nervousness, he seemed tärisevä palm trees before the storm.
"And your thick got is what consequences the appeals to me, 'he said...
Except that seems to think so.
Kevern Ailinnin had regrets, as well as their own, unnecessarily cruel words so that it because of fear, which was reflected in the eyes of this when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
I think Ailinn that he would?
He had never told Kevernille life in the icy northern archipelago, where he had risen, but Kevern was sure that, in essence, it was the same as that of life here.
In the same huge, the icy sea, which aaltoilla against them.
The same mixed feelings about the men, but after the event still pale and diabolical as smugglers and well aware of their grandparents, rambling pub pubs, ready to kill for each woman who would dare to oppose or kiusoitella them.
Thick head?
Yet he would see a thick gloves, unless it would be careful!
Imuta first, pussata had become the most common man and woman erotic face telling word; that out of placed by extraction of irrelevant love balladi an antidote to imuta first, and then attacked.
Kevernin believes that even that was too much, it already imuttaminen in itself was hostile.
Ailinn Solomonsin body language urged him to leave.
He drew himself up patio chair as an old man.
Ailinn also felt exhausted, but Kevernin our depth has surprised him.
And that was the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn followed her to move on, just as his travelling companions watched the Kevernin upstairs in his diary from the window, the man who was in the cause of heavy lives.
Aatami leaving the garden, I wonder about him.
The pity of his hours of feeling towards Keverniä and men in general, even if some of them had raised their hand against her hit.
Its back turned, kumarainen, shame on you, been beaten man, which was missing any starts, why he felt that the show was so familiar to him, even if he is remembered even once before in the past, that it would be this moment seen that?
When Ailinn Solomons was again on its own, he felt that the feet.
A few years before the event it is intelligent and eager to 32-year-old researcher couple Nussbaum, who worked for The Our position on private institutions also come last Ofnowissa, made a brief inquiry to low and medium-hard continuing the violence in those areas of the country, where, or even the end of the decrease in violence, it was most likely, given the money and energy spent on eradication.
"A lot has been done, and much remains to be done, '' he wrote, in order to prepare for thousands of years been fighting and more often than not winning people's natural aggressiveness, particularly in those, which were rejected, and the remote corners of the globe, where the we-border church towers, despite human indulgence has been the rarely known.
Some things are not, however, be abolished altogether.
, the higher the tower and the lower is the whim.
Sentimentaalinen balladi cries of the people, to devour overcome hardship; they are stories and is to divorce and family life should name, but at the same time, an atrocity must be unrelenting grip of rural communities, as well as that of urban co-residential areas, and in addition, there is evidence of a new form of, pahasieluisemmasta riin will home, at the workplace, our streets and even game parks.
'' Your has an unfortunate tendency to over-dramatize ', his director, commented on his reading of the report.
I would suggest that are less the Roma.
Nussbaum couple fell by looking to the country.
I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"It is my belief that I do not need to answer that 'couple, Nussbaum said.
I am lesbian?
Couple appealed to continue its right not to answer personal questions.
Feminist?
Once again in silence.
'' I did not ask, Luther Rabinowitz said, 'because I am against atheist, lesbian sexuality and feminism.
This prejudice in the workplace is not maintained.
We are the servants of a fair-minded society.
Even though a certain kind of intolerance is, in itself, quite acceptable and honourable, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, to what it was presented to me.
You would obviously be something against the church, and what your invitations or the worst atrocities committed by others, usually by the nature of the sex of your energy and physical strength.
SE mantra of what would happen if the events as if it happened yesterday, if that happened, is destroying the country's fundamental impetus.
Nussbaum took the couple around Rabinowitzin spoke.
Rabinowitzin behind head flamingon pink an LED light palmed Ofnow was declared, which divided the country in the last quarter of the century or longer.
Smile on the worth of our neighbours, our partners, listening to balladi, is musical, will not use the telephone, to discuss, to explain, listen, I agree, asking for forgiveness.
I speak is better than silence and have the word is better than written, but there is nothing to gain from love.
"I understand very well what you want to say 'couple, Nussbaum responded to a subdued voice, when it was certain that his instructors had finished,' and I would just like to say that we are not as effective in improving as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we have not been warned, we see the same mistakes again, which initially led to the SE, what happens if events.
This time, we do not, however, by data of hatred and distrust of others.
Luther Rabinowitz was point the finger at the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
'' Mennä too far, he said, be a mistake ’ s ’ s' to describe the acts which grandparents might have to do or not to do.
Went a little too far to say that they could ’ anger and lack of confidence to other ’ s'.
You in a position such as this should not have to remind you that when it comes to gaining an understanding of the past, or present to defend, we are not talking about ’ of us ’ or ’ of them ’.
Had nothing ’ us ’ and ’ s other ’.
It was a time of chaos, and that is all what we know.
"If we are honest, it in the chaos, the couple dared to continue, '' none of the society's group cannot say to behave well.
I am not accusing anyone.
What was done, was done, whether it be good or bad.
When it was at the time.
It does not have to talk about any more, we agree with that.
And just as it is unnecessary to allocating blame, does not have to make corrections, whether justified or not, and while it would be some way to make them.
But what for the past is there, then, if it does not take a lesson...
The past is there, so that we can forget about it.
I might add one more thing...
Luther Rabinowitz broke the pyramid.
'' We are holding through the report, he said and expressed that Esmen it was time to leave.
The next day on her when they go to work in a normal way, he hit the ride on the pavement, and passers-by driving described 'evil-minded and furious'.
Coincidence happens.
Lesotho army banned the planned attack; Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
Lesotho army officials have prohibited the exclusion of the government staged the attack and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane, fled the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official homes and seized government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
Goes to families with a head of state to neighbouring South Africa to be done upstream, that has received deaths threats.
Army representatives of Major Ntlele Ntoi banned attack and said that the army's response to the threat, which came from the 'political practising individuals against fanaticism.' Armed fanatics have been said the police carried out the attack.
"Lesotho defence forces took action after receiving a number of intelligence that some police forces are trying to arm young party of these fanatics are willing to cause problems', he told the Voice of America.
South Africa's government, according to the President's Clayson Monyelan army appeared to revolution.
"Although no one has claimed to abolish the government by force, Lesotho Defence Force operations appear to be the hallmarks of a similar oil blockade in all respects', he says.
Lesotho army officials, the soldiers will return to their barracks on Sunday, and the mood in the capital was calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing is leading a government Thabanen absence.
Thabane said that he believed that it was targeted, because he has tried to fight against corruption.
Would take place in Lesotho has revealed tensions since June, when Thabane cut parliament sessions because of differences between the Grand Coalition Government.
He deny it underestimated the power of the government, despite pronouncements to the contrary.
Trade magazines: Microsoft set up a data centre Uusimaa
Information technology companies Microsoft has set up a data centre Uusimaa place, whose location the company refuses to clarify.
Microsoft sent to the media, the company says that it does not reflect all of the data the central location for security reasons.
Centre is Microsoft, already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
It is Microsoft and others for several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
Centre for a place in the public eye was previously being the Oulu or Kajaani.
Microsoft stopped altogether, Oulu, which takes a job by about 500 people.
All Microsoft has announced layoffs of up to 1, 050 jobs in Finland.
Microsoft communications director Camilla Lindfors STT says the company does not comment on how many staff the new data centre employs.
To set up a data centre Uusimaa told Monday Trade Journal.
Man accused of girl päälleajo a traffic light at a crossroads
78-year-old man is accused of three-year-old girl driving a traffic light at a crossroads in Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving on the girl at a crossroads in the Eastern Pittenweenissä Neukissa.
Prosecutor, Stewart drove Audi Q3 the negligent and caused injuries to the girl.
Anstrutherista from Stewart, 78, denied accusations the workforce in Dundee Sheriff session.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered scheduled for trial in January.
Four tips to better water of the images and videos
If you want to take pictures or videos under water, you have to choose a number of different equipment options.
Affordable option is water-sustainable, grand pakti nd, such as Nikko Coolpix AW120 or -kamera, such as GoPro Hero3 + Silver Editio, both of which cost about 300 dollars.
I personally took these pictures of a family celebration, using several different cameras, each of which cost less than 350 dollars.
Equipment, there are a few rules that should be followed.
Check equipment at least twice.
Even though you would be a watertight cameras, do not guarantee, however, that camera batteries and other parts will be closed to seal off.
Also set the camera to a description of the trials of the pictures or videos.
A camera or camera and video camera combination is a regulation which improves description of conditions under water.
And, before you boarded the water, do not ensure the depths to which devices can take.
Some of the cameras will take only 5 foot in depth, some by as much as 50 foot in depth.
Access to both ordinary and watertight models and a buying guide digikamera criticism.
I take a lot of pictures, many of them will fail in some way.
COM pakti cameras is -näyttö layout, with the help of the image, while -kameroissa often have this quality.
Even though you would be LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the picture of the layout can either make it or break it.
So we are taking a number of images.
Haarukointi, moreover, if the camera allows, which means the time of several images of different regulations, are not taking advantage of this quality.
Remain close to the surface.
Light is reduced significantly deeper.
If possible, remain close to the surface of a lake, a swimming pool or the ocean.
So you get the picture, but also more colours, the deeper the procedure, the less the colours can be seen.
Try to come close to the target.
This is the most important piece of advice on land described, but even more important under water, because light conditions are scarce.
It is a very important when there are -kamera: In this equipment is often a fixed lenses, which has a large picture of view, namely cameraman should be close to the target, in order to meet the target for the entire picture of the frameworks.
China will not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders, the demonstrators swear revenge
China's Parliament decided on Sunday that the Hong Kong voters are allowed to choose candidates for elections to the year 2017, growing unrest, despite demanding democratic reform.
Decision to Hong Kong's business district is likely to spark protests by activists since the beginning of the long-awaited plan and implement protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
China's National People's Congress, in practice, the decision to allow the Communists to eradicate all the candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it is still outrageous', says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They have been telling lies from Hong Kong.
It is clear that we are operating with a dictatorial regime.
Deputy Secretary-General of the committee of China's National People's Congress of China Li Fei defended the administration, saying that the general as a candidate in terms of its choosing Hong Kong's leader would be too chaotic. ''
Since 1997 Britain placed Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised the residents of the region that it could elect its leader in 2017.
China's leaders, according to Sunday's decision was the democratic breakthrough, because it will enable Hong Kong to vote in the direct election, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control the electoral process through strict nomination committee, which is managed from Beijing.
A new clause, only the candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong ', will be adopted.
Decision was held in Hong Kong in the summer, some of the region's biggest and most attention inspired protests for years.
Democracy was behind the campaign to a large extent, Occupy Central With Love and Peace Movement, which organisers have threatened to prevent the activities of business people in the district, if Beijing does not grant genuine universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
Sunday night, only hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters of the Central Occupy met Hong Kong's rainfall in front of the main government buildings.
The organisers of the protest movement, said to be moving to a new era of the movement and give them a wave of protest in the coming weeks.
They do not, however, been telling details, apparently for fear that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Network in his newsletter published by the organisers said that the movement should be Occupy Central '' as a last resort, which will be released only if there is no hope for dialogue and there is no other way '.
We were very sad when we announce that today, the last chance for dialogue have failed, and the takeover is going to happen.
Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday there were strict security measures are the government's main building close to here was, among other things, of the police and barricades; instead.
Hong Kong instability feeds many the feeling that people are gradually losing power in the city.
Continent of wave has created competition for products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under increased pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticised Occupy Central movement, because of its exhibitions are the lifeblood of Hong Kong, business people.
"Pro test, for which they are talking about, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many to take part in and how long it will take ', says the legislator Mrs Regina IP, which has long been critical of movement.
We do not want that, spreading concern that Hong Kong is slipping away from you.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
China's state media has also been stories, according to which the Hong Kong democracy activists have a revolution of the prophets of the Western powers' stooges.
This summer, activists held an informal referendum on voting rights, which was attended by 780, 000 people, more than one-fifth of Hong Kong's voters.
July, tens of thousands took part in one of the biggest demonstrations in favour of democracy in the region.
United States -perinne strikes at British universities for new students in private jets.
We are looking forward to the demand by setting up a British first luxury-class form of travel in today's students.
Company offers private aircraft but also for other means of transport, such as Rolls-Royce Phantomin, SOLAS Martin or Ms Lare P1's, so that customers can ensure the greatest possible after a memorable entry to university.
Stewart, the service is also the security aspect.
Services is the best possible option for students who would otherwise dragged their property across the country, including at loaded in cars.
When you combine that with the many -ominaisuuksiin (we are friends), we are ready to provide today's students as easy and high-quality of the university.
Companies, according to a representative of the reserves has not yet come, because the service has just been created, but added that the students' orders are starting to be taken in the next few weeks ".
Company believes that there is a demand for the service, even though most students pay the 9, 000 pound figure annual fees.
Today's students are the expectations and hopes of very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, embarked on their education, and now it is more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and VIF is exactly the right way to do it.
National student associations, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
Vice-President of higher education arm of the organization, according to the Mega-Dunn 'this service plan appears to be a far cry from that of the majority of the students' lives.
Many of this month will begin their studies järkyttyvä subsistence level, when the financial aid in the form of loans and grants are lagging behind the great increase in the cost of living, and only then we can start thinking about where to find thousands of such simple things as campus arrival.
Ipswich 'pigs' house on sale
Suffolk estate agents were instrumental in the sale of our house sales picture, after acknowledging that the picture in the living room of a house is lying on a big pig.
One-bedroom house, whose price is 120, 000 pounds, is located in the private road Ipswich.
Announcement was a picture in the living room, where pigs at all under the sofa.
Real estate agents Connellsin image of pigs, according to the owner of a pet.
'Image, however, came up with the announcement by mistake, and it has since been removed from' representatives, the company says.
Announcement Connells describes a meeting house 'unique one bedroom house'.
Even though a property in Media has removed the picture of the website, it is visible, however, in advertisements.
House sales have aroused interest in social media, where some people have asked whether the pig house prices.
Torres starting confirmed Kagawa MANU back from celebrating Borussia Dortmund's
Spanish non-governmental the striker Fernando Torres starting Chelsea was confirmed as a substitute but came in almost at the same time, the door opening.
Chelsea announced a four-year hire agreement at the top of the French Loic Remy following Q neighbours.
Trading price is in the press that the 13 million euros.
Torres, 30, a Milan financial shifts to a two-year loan agreement.
He moved to Chelsea Liverpool a record 50 million pound amount four years ago, but never lived up to expectations.
The decision came from the Japanese players Shinji Kagawan failed mission by Manchester United.
Kagawa Bundesliiga Borussia celebrating Borussia Dortmund's expected return to Germany, where he made a breakthrough before Manu transfers.
According to the newspapers, one of the main about 8 million.
Kagawan fresh in a four-year contract.
I wanted to make my dream a reality Committee leagues.
I am satisfied now when I was once again celebrating Borussia Dortmund's men.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
Hertha Berlin is the second bundesliigaseura Kaloulla Solomon.
Cote d'Ivoire national team the aggressor is moving Herthaan French Lille, and add is estimated at about 3 million.
Lille before Kalou, 29, played the period 2006-12 Chelsea.
Paris apartment blocks for the explosion of the eight dead
The number of deaths rose to eight on Monday in the Paris suburbs of the blocks of flats in the aftermath of the explosion.
Ous suburbs Sunday, 11 people were injured in the accident, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers search the ruins of the house elonjääneitä yet on Monday, but I hope of finding survivors decreased by.
As preliminary as the reason for the explosion is suspected gas leakage.
Explosion occurred early on Sunday, and was so powerful that it rocked buildings within a radius of more than 100 metres.
We all were flying around our house: Trembling from fear.
The explosion was so strong that ears tolls, who lives next door, described the crash place Maryline Yyvon.
Close to school to be able to already on Sunday, emergency accommodation for the inhabitants of the house.
Only part of the presentation of the life at 17
Only life for the opportunity to be presented to the stars.
Programme the stars gathered earlier in the day for the first time, after a series of brand names.
Part of the stars is the early evening media there? Fourth at Expo to the position of wool TV fairs.
Media will present an opportunity to fourth in September software with the faces of dozens of screens
Only in the autumn of life, are involved in the disposal of Joe Loiri, Sam Edelmann, Paula birch peninsula, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, their elastic and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them are, therefore, evening the opportunity and ISTV's on screen here.
An opportunity to start in San Rejmanin goes fourth MEDIA various channels of software will be presented in the autumn.
ISTV channel after the share of the camera crew is looking for Just life in the interviews.
The article has been updated: Only all lives are not present in the evening occasion.
According to the information that came just at the beginning of an opportunity to be a bit delayed.
Broadcasts do not reflect all mobile devices.
HJK getting players from Trinidad and Tobago
The European Football League coped with HJK is taking on a new player from Trinidad and Tobago.
The country's main set of clubs W Connection FC's HJK has done, according to the loan agreement, Jo Neville Jones.
Already Neville Jones is a 23-year-old on the pitch, which has made the VW Connectionissa 55 match 28 paint.
Trinidad and Tobago national team Jones has played 35 matches.
-jalkapallosivuston announced at the first news of the transfer, according to Pro TT Jones has been one of the star players on two last season.
W Connection, according to Jones to travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgarian prison staff should be a national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria demonstrated in the capital Sofia in front of the Ministry of Justice.
Peaceful demonstration they declared that it wants to restore the old work rules that were changed recently.
Also pay rise is due to discuss interim Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have for months in a symbolic protest against the new working time, saying that they want to go back to the old 24-hour rota system.
Prison workers of the organisation and a meeting of the representatives of the Ministry of Justice, this is not the result of the agreement, Bulgaria's national radio (BNR) says.
Negotiations are currently being held, the director-general for the enforcement of court judgments Rose Zhelyazkov told BNR.
Prison workers are expected to join the protest by the Interior Ministry workers' trade union members.
Basketball: Fans almost too much encouragement: Sasu Sali had collapsed on the ground
Basketball Sasu Sali was the embodiment of the Finnish victory today.
He was able to forget the pitch-black in the USA match and to address Ukraine's second half-time to put a hold on the blood will take decisions.
But Sali transferred all the credit for the wolf fans - and did it style:
Mussa intend to fainted at the end of the field, the incentive was so wonderful.
In the eye but sumeta, does not have anything.
That the noise and the white audience oft the sea was almost too much.
The effectiveness of the moment by nine surface fast pace, the ball game, levyri and buffeting everywhere in what happened.
I do not know how it happened, but I was able to on that all succeeded.
They will, but about something at some point, be quite an absurdly important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
I have that role.
To do all this.
Now it was good to see that others were only caught.
It took up the whole gang.
Chamber is the team the pleasure of pills and the spirit of God, so it is no wonder that her example brought the team flight, which was large and heavy-handed Ukraine's five were left too much.
Finland, the World Cup in 32 years, the last was reminiscent of an outrageous judges game
Bags driving Heikki Montonen (oik.) was the Finnish head coach of Argentina's World Cup 1982.
Is now 32 years since the Finnish men's air ball the last time the national team played a World Cup.
Seppo Sirkka was the only Finnish photographer the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was Finland's second coach and the current players' agents, Jo dream Parkkali general players.
Kosonen and Parkkali tournament will remember one thing than yesterday's day: It was the start of blocks became a hot game against France.
"The solution to the match balls judges game was blatant," Kosonen commemorated.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled in the guidelines.
All of a sudden the game to continue.
Lost its 2-3, and then something to think about going bananas about more ', told Parkkali.
Finland played the main coach Heikki Montonen command, was 17 at the end of the fourth.
Finland is now back among the world's committee, when Poland's World Cup gets under way here on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international flights the ball for 32 years.
Players' power values are more or less the same level as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
The average length of players also have increased.
Game is faster, 'I wonder if Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland?
Finnish players materials has expanded, and the burden will be able to share.
I look forward to that Finland will start blocks continued.
Then we can become a strict "Kosonen, estimates.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and jukka Savio were wounded in the attack's winning the match against Tunisia.
Even the current players' agents sleep Parkkali was general players during the World Cup.
I hope that now petrata 17th place.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down, "said Parkkali.
Reino Kosonen species legend was the second national team coach in Argentina.
Savio, Mauritius jukka Leppänen and Karin Körkkö airing Tunisia match.
Sauna and evening dogmatism in the Buenos Aires sailors churches were part of the national team in the World Cup in 1982.
Karin kali (oik.) venytellä team with my friends.
A young star in the final against a competitive, not profit-South Karelia
Star of young people reached the final, Veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen did not progress to the victory of the competition.
Other investments are not published in the competition.
Singing teacher Teija Immonen, the competition has been popular.
It will result in a good experience.
Finalisti from recording a song competition.
Competition at the moment is always fine memories, Immonen says.
Finnish non-governmental tourist rescued -koiran mountains in Norway, "these men deserve all praise"
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were on Thursday, down hills, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered help.
Mikkelsen at the weekend looking for 'international heroes' on Facebook, so that should be to thank donors once again.
Mikkelsen told a public Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains had hurt -koira tassu.
Injured dogs, was no longer able to walk, flatly on the ground.
I tried to position myself down, but I failed, so I had to let it be.
I have tried many times to attract and take it a bit further, but its feet are not only borne, Mikkelsen wrote updates.
Mikkelsenin, help is not on the police, has been on the hotel's close and passers-by.
Evening went out the situation started to look threatening.
, fortunately, to be here, we had two Travellers who were willing to help: Tamperelainen Antti Soini and his father Tuomo.
The man had visited Norway Galdhøpiggenillä and disciples of the highest by a camp here, when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of the mountains.
(Mikkelsen) was compared with the situation in a relatively calm.
Offered to help him with the dog, Antti Soini tells Ilta Sanoma in his message.
Soon to be here, we had to come to the German man, who had a trip mattresses with them.
Mattresses Citalle was paari, such as which injured dog was paid.
German civil men came here for a moment after us, when we had been thinking about what to do with the dog, and the dog and baby in a moment borne down slopes, Soini says.
Picture: Tuomo Soini
Dogs were bears down on mattresses.
Soini, the performance was not physically demanding, but in difficult terrain carrying went slowly.
Cita, around an hour and a half, however, was happily down until now.
Mikkelsen after the event on Facebook was looking for more international heroes' 'in order to be able to thank them again.
Soini responded to him on Sunday, but the German man has apparently still out of reach.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen is ecstatic.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily gone back to back.
I would like to find these people, because I have the feeling that I thank them enough.
What they definitely do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all praise and more, I am forever grateful to them.
Monday night, Soini, were already on their way home.
They had received Mikkelseniltä happy to belong to: - Cita reportedly may have been even more!
Susanna Mälkki presents the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin over conductor
Mälk three years would begin in the autumn of 2016 and 2019 would come to an end in the spring.
Order also includes options for two additional months.
The Cellist Mälkki started his career.
He is internationally known and was the conductor of the Finlandia ’ Pro Medal in 2011.
At the moment over the city orchestra conductor is John Storgårds.
A beautiful and brave and courageous initiative today will come back to all square after the summer recess.
Opening-session suggestive name raises questions.
Finland's all-time most popular soaps' The Bold and the courageous will return today to the summer break.
To return to the period is called the 'Oraali luck Eric company. "
Evening programme of pulu description of the period are the following:
Eric and Donna are talking of family relationships, will order syömäpuikko food, drinking white wine and nostalgic love of history.
Eric is a loyal shirt style.
Lunch-shirt colour he has chosen White, which lilertää.
Ridge offers two road support and Bill Brooken in terms of this deal with the traumas.
Ridge did not he would have still not got over their problems.
Bill is Brookelassa currently consulting with its own contradictions.
Brooke is not the fact that the man is going there to try her on her back.
Ridge, not you,
Genetic anomaly is diagnosed with the often misunderstood
British women feared for years because of the death of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought most of my youth, that he only had a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with the disease.
Actually he suffered by Marie-Toothin disease (CMT), which means a number of genetic diseases that affect the brain and the backbone of the nerve to stay outside.
Charity CMT UK, according to the wrong diagnosis is a general problem -tapauksissa, because so little is known about them.
Estimates that about 23, 000 people in Great Britain is suffering -taudista, which causes symptoms in their motor skills such as muscle weakness, difficulty walking and toe of kippuraisuutta.
Disease can also cause tunnottomuus or pain, and this is an incurable, progressive, which means that the symptoms get worse over time.
Rodgersin was 13-year-old he thought have cholera Friedreichin ataksia (FA), which is really a poor survival rate.
Rodgers believed that they would be confined to a wheelchair before the meet 18 and he would die before they reach 30 years of age.
Nowadays, 51-year-old mother of two children, says, 'I knew as a child, that I can do the same thing as the other.
Fell on a daily basis, and I had to do everything for longer than the other.
I could never keep rolling would discuss or rullalautailla with other children, and insulted by me at school, because I walked and ran in a different way than the others.
Rodgersin was 13-year-old to her was carried out several akillesjänne cuts feet suoristaa. Cuts in medical leaves the room, he quickly take a look at the research paper, which said the FA for his suffering from the disease.
"I felt guilty, because I was so curious, so I told anyone, but home since I arrived I checked the disease data library and I wrote to the FA associations', he says.
When they gave me information, I was shocked and panic-stricken state.
I thought that in making 18 years confined to a wheelchair by age and die before they turn 25, and in between lost slowly my function as a whole.
I went through that to myself and I envisage their own funeral.
Rodgers says that 17 years of age now, he said, that his walking had deteriorated as much as he had thought and asked a doctor for that.
The doctor just hugged me and said: 'Girls in gold, I do not believe that you have this disease, because otherwise, it is already a wheelchair'.
I think that you get something considerably less dangerous disease.
-tauti he diagnosed on the basis of genetic tests.
"When it was explained to me what it is, I thought of me -tauti lykästää ', he says.
Charity CMT UK ärjestää -kuukauden in order to draw attention to the disease.
Hundreds of migrants were found in the coal trucks in Macedonia
Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants coal transported to the boat, the country's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Stowaways were mostly Syrians and Iraqis refugees.
Train was coming from Greece.
Migrants was found late Sunday in Veles central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they are, what came from and where you are heading, "said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Koteski.
According to police the migrants had paid around 3,000 euros each in order to get to Greece, and another 800 euros more to get to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants runs high in a couple of million people through Macedonia on its way to Western Europe.
Syria's bloody civil war have fled some three million people.
Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support Scottish independence
POP band Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined Scotland's independence supporters.
Guardian newspaper, the band tähdittävä in a couple of weeks' time in Edinburgh for the concert, which supports independence for the project.
Scotland's independence to a referendum on 18 September.
Mogwai newsletter, said that the vote is a Scotsman, an opportunity that comes only once in a life line.
In the past, including actor Sean Connery has given its support for independence.
Instead, for example, the British star Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to people in Scotland, so that they would remain part of Britain.
Gallup independence supporters have been at a loss.
Supermarkets continued difficulties - the middle of domestic news, Ilta Sanoma
The trade decline also continued in July, tells the Ry.
According to the supermarket and hypermarket chain in July with a turnover of 3.2% lower than the years ago.
The worst is cumbersome home and leisure products sales fell from a year ago, with a turnover of more than seven percent.
Also pukeus products were sold far less than in the previous summer.
Instead of everyday goods retail value increased by almost three percent in July a year ago.
The most sales grew from small stores and large supermarkets.
For the whole of January to the beginning of July, supermarkets and hypermarkets turnover has shrunk by more than two percent.
Everyday goods sales, instead, has increased almost%.
Joan Riversin family is hoping for the best, ''
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since he was brought to New York in the centre of the hospital, but his daughter was now hopeful that the 81-year-old comedian will improve their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support ', Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was trying to Sinai on Thursday, the cardiac care at the time, according to the sources, the place U East Sidessa the Yorkville Endoscopy announced the emergency hospital.
Doctors consider he deliberately preserved with the help of medicines and the following his condition closely, until such time as he is currently the most serious condition is stable.
Case has caused wide response from the public, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have provided support online.
Areva Siemens: Dynamic straw kolmos reactors will be completed by mid-2016
Areva has been providing Chairman to TVO for Dynamic Olki 3's updated timetable.
Areva, according to a recent project delays have been due largely to the fact that the reactor automation system have applied for the approval.
Project is already years behind schedule.
TVO in May not made any assessment kolmos reactors a construction.
Bottas Nastola gave 1.4 hectares of coastal land - the value of around EUR 60000
Nastola municipality endowed Formula 1 drivers Valtteri Bottas 1.4 hectares of land on the shores of Kärkjärvi Villähde faults.
Municipal government proved fair sporting mind and was unanimous.
A note of discord at the meeting was not part of the land, it was decided to tell the mayor Pauli reason rakki.
Bottas a gift of land is farm buildings - in all, seven paragraphs.
On dismantling them once this year, with one exception.
Bottas has promised to build a house in two years' time a free-flat.
We are honoured that he should never have spent my native officer and wants to have a future here.
Valtteri has become an annual primary school to tell sports career and his life.
And, I hope, will continue to be, the mayor says.
The mayor believes the plots of land on the beaches of 40000 euros.
Beaches is low and a child-friendly.
Area has been a municipal-owned a good 10 years.
Nastola is lesser success over the decades have been in sport that have performed a gift through the plots of land in the municipality.
All of a javelin world champion akin Parviainen and aerobic world champion remake of Matin Thessaloniki were detached from the house, while developing appropriate, detached houses.
They did not, however, kept Nasto children but were selling real estate and moved away.
Parviainen and Matin were hoisted in Nastola work and then changed their lives changed the other way.
Bottas is a native of nastolalainen and his situation is different, the reason rakki Bottas inches and believes a permanent home.
Hull do is hire the follow-up to a record amount of the aggressor Hernandez
Committee league club Hull invested a record amount of monitoring of the Uruguay national team, Abel Hernandez acquisition.
Hernandez to exchange Hulli Italian clubs from Palermo to 9.5 million pounds, or approximately 12 million euros.
Agreement is for three years.
Hernandez hit last season 14 goal by Palermo won Serie B and came to the Italian capital in a series.
Uruguay national team he has made seven goal 14 match.
Hernandez became the last summer's World Cup match between two of the exchange on the ground.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in such a short period of time, said Hulli head coach Steve Bruce.
Hull also said on Monday that he has acquired the Senegal national team captain Mohamed Diamen West Hamista.
Russian space test was a failure - sex travel posted gekko died
Russia's space to increase by five small gekko have died, will tell the Russian Space Agency Roscosmos in his newsletter.
Gekko foton-M4 travelled on board for more than one and a half months.
Satellite returned to the country on Monday morning, the Finnish time.
Test was designed to examine gekko reproductive ability and use under conditions.
Test was attended by one of the male gekko and four naara.
Even if it sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
Careless gekko eggs, for example, on the effects of development in the future.
Gekko impact can try to predict what the impact would be careless humans this staying longer periods in a similar condition, illustrated the New Statesman in July.
According to Roscosmoksen gekko kuolinaika and the cause of death or the investigation.
Interfaxin, according to news agencies' sex gekko 'cross passengers freezes.
Yllätyksellisyys also reflects the fact that the same foton-M4's on, fruit flies survived reissu or butter, and were also the offspring.
France arrested suspected terrorists at the airport of Nice
France arrested a man suspected of terrorism at the airport of Nice on Saturday.
22-year-old man is suspected of acted in Syria of a jihadist group rekrytoijana.
French authorities reported on the matter on Sunday.
Authorities obtained a man's track after it had attracted money to 16-year-old girls to go to Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and from there to cross the Syrian border.
Airlines did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit his grandmother, who lives in Istanbul, but called the authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was totally unaware of the daughter's intentions and told authorities that the family is not related to in Turkey.
Men have come from Chechnya, according to the authorities, but he now lives in France.
French intelligence authorities had been monitoring the man is already in the past.
French authorities have been concerned that the Iraqi or Syrian wars has tempted to become radicalised young people constitute a security risk but also for France.
Authorities estimate that about 800 French citizens or the books in France is the last during the conflict have travelled to Syria, returned from there or is in the process of leaving Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
Basketball national team hopes of future jobs are at stake, while the Finnish points today at the second World Cup match in the Ukraine.
If the opening defeat to the United States was to be expected, belongs to Ukraine once the countries Finland should continue to place the necessary profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, Petteri Koponen anticipates.
Ukraine on Saturday in the first match of the Games beat the Dominican Republic 72.
Team prepare -veteraani Mike Fratello, whose command Ukraine play aggressive basketball.
Ukraine's key player is the leader Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is a 100-metre world champion three years ago.
Dominikaani Republic Jeter threw a 16 percentage points.
Pooh Jeter faster guys here, but, yes we have kind of been cast against it before and we have to get our standards of defence in order, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than in yesterday's loss to the United States.
We have to find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that on the ground is seen as normal of wolves, Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars the alleged naku images are spreading on the Net, part of the secured as
On the Internet is spreading mass alastonkuva, allegedly to present well-known public figures.
, among others, actress Jennifer Lawrence has had "naku image campaigns' victim.
Entertainment site TMZ has published Lawrence representatives's angry comments, which would seem to confirm the authenticity of the pictures.
This is a blatant breach of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (on the Internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen pictures, will be put to trial, representatives are threatening.
TMZ's, actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread the pictures are genuine.
He had taken the pictures with her husband a few years ago.
When I know that those images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what a effort to this end, was seen.
I feel sorry for all the people who fell victim to hacking, he wrote, according to the site.
Instead, actress Victoria Justice says in her own name, flying the images of lives.
Genuine or fake alastonkuva is also on the move at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grandesta, called Hope Solo, Krysten Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmerista.
Dogs the goalkeeper criticised likely: "Is not doing enough to ensure that could reach out from here,"
Football club FC dogs at the moment is play games of last place in the league.
The goalkeeper Walter Viitala comments Sunday after VPS matches are a muddle of a follow-up to the current situation.
I do not have for four months been the goalkeeper coach.
But everything should adapt itself to 'Viitala said -tappioon after the battle ended.
Dogs did match especially in defence in the first at half-time a lot of the mistakes.
The goalkeeper Viitala was not pleased by the poor defensive play.
Players transport is Hong Morgan visited this summer, very strongly, and that is why the defenders in front of Viitala have changed quickly.
Players roulette, including many young players have had the opportunities that they do not necessarily even deserves.
"Part is not doing enough to ensure that access to sometimes away from here", Viitala tuhahtaa without naming any individual players.
Morgan, the head coach Shefki Kuqi was agree to some extent with Viitala.
"I said after the game to certain players that if you treeni and games to keep the fun and probably discover yourself to be the pools league players, and do not need to work on, then you're probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given many young people during the games.
If they do not want to run the place and make use of the opportunity, so it is not my fault.
Kuqi, however, also pointed out that players can expect immediate success, when the boys' changing constantly.
During this period has not been two times in a row with the same team.
There has been a change, particularly in defence of the lot.
It is the main reason why we are in this place, "Kuqi said.
Dogs have VPS after the defeat of a series of jumbo, a point at the second last to be TPS's.
League play games still has seven rounds, so espoolainen still has time to avoid a fall in the number one.
I have never leave a team, and I am not going to leave now.
We will not come really fall for this series, "the goalkeeper Viitala meal.
Lars von Trier made a break on the TV series, after decades of
Film director Lars von Trier is to return to the TV series as a factor.
Danish director is preparing a civil TV series entitled The Freedom House that Jack built.
In a series of projects in Trier said acted as a producer of films Louise Vesth today in Venice on Monday at film festivals.
Zentropan production companies, according to a series of brand names should begin in 2016.
Trier is reported to spend a series of script work, starting this autumn.
Series is the English.
Mysterious project announcement also reflects a long-standing partner in Trier, a well-known producer of hard sales President Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
He said, a similar sets of "has never seen and will never see."
"Arrest your breath 'Aalbæk Jensen says the note.
Lars von Trier, 58, is well-known in recent years to increase the presence of the media and the film as the Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
Television he was driven by the power of the 1990s in the series.
15: 01.09 20 Trade chain Lidl seems to enjoy the Finns on their side, at least if the result is to be believed.
Trade group Lidl Finnish activities run Lidl in Finland of the limited partnerships that turnover continued to rise at the end of February through the accounts.
Company home-grown also arrived.
Result before taxes to brilliant 79,6 million, a year earlier when it was 56,4 million.
Turnover increases, in turn, 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25 percent.
Increased the market share the company improved the business income of 61 million to EUR 84 million.
Profit 7.1 percent.
German-owned Lidl accounts months of the March from beginning to the end of February.
Company tells of having paid out in February closed fiscal year tax to Finland 13.7 million.
Constantly supermarket chains expanded the company has told invest to Finland this year to 100 million.
Finland currently has 142 Lidl, and it employs more than 4, 000 workers.
The first shops was opened in 2002.
Price of the participants rather than leuka Bucket
British Isabelle Roberts roars at so hard when her went ice cold water that his damaged face bone.
The Ice Bucket programme ended painfully bad.
A woman has been taken care of his roars at the Ice Bucket in carrying out so loudly that his leu tools went first.
Isabelle Roberts roars at so hard when her went ice cold water that damaged the structure of his face.
"Water was so cold that only whether or not, but I felt that roars at MDL rabbits began jäykistyä ', he tells The Mir to.
20-year-old ice water poured over there.
Isabelle Roberts moments before an accident
I have tried to keep their mouths shut, but I could not, the leu rabbit was locked, and then I realised that something has gone wrong.
Ago, my mother and my sister found themselves in the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had to kiidättää emergency medical treatment.
Super popular challenge on Tuesday participated in the 20-year-old British was taken to hospital, where leuka was set back in place.
A piece of video has become an Internet sensation, and it has been distributed to thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Point of view, is it the ulvonta (Pronk): How can we explain the growth in the number of fan?
Today was quite a formidable fiilis.
This was said by a basketball players Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland was played for European Championships in the final tournament of the Athens Maroussin managed in the game against France.
Pehkonen not exaggerated.
I remember when the game was there.
So were also the some 100 Finnish, who shouted at the 20, 000 spectators, the acquisition of the otherwise empty hall of noise.
I would have said Pehkonen 19 years later, the World Cup championship in Finland after the Ukraine match?
Bilbao 100 Finnish fans troops has eight tenfold.
Of the European Championship in 1995 was Finnish baskets in the game ready to seize the opportunity.
Men prepared their way into the tournament by overcoming, among other things, the Russian a selection match the Helsinki sporting houses.
It victory opened the door to the cream.
All seemed to be a good one.
Was a promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann raised Möttölä chalk line finally tournament team.
Solution, which many had a different opinion.
I can now say that Dettmann was far wiser, although not everything went according to the script.
After Athens basketball national team crashed deep.
Athens games put the Finns were present, a total of a little more than a hundred.
Of those were part of the journalists, players' relatives, Finnish basketball coach and some of the fans.
Bilbao are journalists, relatives and trainers, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
Phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible proportions.
No one will be able to say the exact figure of the Finno-Games tourists.
Estimates have been on the move between 7,500-10,000.
Was a figure anywhere in that, is it absolutely incomprehensible number.
Here is the sports sociologist explained.
Global world economy businesses move across borders.
In sport will have the opportunity to look at how we do on the international stage is going.
Movement, we can go and see how the girl and boy are doing in the world, says sports sociology Professor Hannu Itkonen.
I am sure that the air in Spain, as well as the Football World Cup in Poland is the Finns, who are looking for enjoyment.
A common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
In sports should be more attractive.
Itkonen to raise part of the popular culture of sport.
Is lower than on the eve of the sport from the Games to Berlin to see art.
Without success scale would still not get off the ground.
I will come back to the year of 1995.
Then head coach Dettmann took the basketball federation and players will take the top sport in a professional manner.
Almost ten years were involved.
Then changed direction and the team action was placed on a pedestal.
Air the planet has made the movement a little earlier.
Now both enjoy the fruits of the work.
As Itkonen says, both species have managed the commercialisation of elite sport, where the sacred triad works: The sports media sponsors.
Then will take an interest in the public.
And the media has taught what such karnevalistinen is a yes, Itkonen recalls.
Will be able to shift the game species also provoked but also of such massive interest in the series?
Basket and air the ball being played, on average, for the hundreds, or a little more than a thousand spectators.
Itkonen should question is a good one, and not necessarily provide the answers, which promises to give very good species.
The second school believes interest in moving.
One is it, who does not want fresh it half-full.
Enjoyment, this clique is prepared to travel to the World Cup, but their basic thinking domestic series are not interested in this.
That is a challenge for the people in the middle of the crisis.
Bottas land navigation - almost 1.5 hectares of the lake are faults
Nastola rewards Formula 1 driver Valtteri Bottas beach in my own back yard.
Municipal government adopted 1.4 hectares of given land donation unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
Land will rise in the future to free time for housing.
Bottas Nasto children has followed the success of karting until this time.
He feels good for envoy to promote the Lahti, the Lahti region and Nastola.
A gift of land is located, Koiskala Kärkjärvi on the beach.
It has become Nastola municipal ownership as part of the bigger real estate deals.
Area is the condition of seven demolition of the building, which, at the expense of the dismantling of the six away from the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1's of the Belgian part of the competition for the fourth prize instead of bench this year.
He is the fifth World Cup.
Bottas is a native of nastolalainen and lived childhood Villähde.
He lives today in England but is Nasto children every time is free formu parasites.
Bottas has visited the Upper School, as well as the situation of young people.
Design, smart clothes come from, but hardly for the poor
It will present and to test them is currently in New York in the ongoing US Open campaign.
Ralph Lauren smart shirts testaaja are the planet's people but also to the university to peaks of players the amateur Marcus Giro should be one.
He says, the shirt to help him to monitor their own development and to regulate the recovery.
Nailon pressure is woven into silver sensors which information is conveyed to the shirt mokkula and then on to smart phones or computers.
Sensors measure the heartbeat of the heart, by breathing rhythm, stress and steps.
Central Unit mokkula before throwing their shirt from a washing machine.
Fashion houses has not told the precise time your shirt sales begin, nor even a hint of its price in the Tech Times is reporting.
Raph Lauren is not the only smart clothes to invest in companies.
California's sale of Athos has brought the smart shirt and smart shorts.
They measure heartbeat, breathing and muscles work.
Clothes are paying hundreds of dollars for a six and the size of a thumb, demanded by the central processing unit to pay two hundred dollars.
Technology also wrote the clothes to Red Orlov Arabs.
Smart way to save textbooks
University of America go beyond the cost of many students, 1, 000 dollars, so a second year of study starting Matt Schroeder came up with smart way to save on costs.
He developed a system in which, in the later years of courses students are lending books nominal compensation, instead, that they would sell books on the same road.
Mathematics' in my book it would normally cost $180; I I paid for its use of the whole tuition 10 dollars, and fat-cat and butter ', says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying Covenant College in Georgia's state.
Schroeder says that his last-year book would have normally paid 430 dollars.
Instead, he used the 120 dollars.
University, according to the Executive Board of the average student spends more than 1, 200 dollars a year for textbooks and school supplies, but students have at their disposal a number of ways to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly using online trading and Schroeder's idea of kind of creative approaches.
An increasing number of students rent textbooks, so that they can use the book the whole-year period and pay for much less than the book buying students.
More than 250 campus book trade to keep Neebo Inc, according to the textbooks rent has doubled since 2011.
Area statistics reveal that about a quarter of the universities bookshops books during the past spring was the rent books, the chairman, Trevor Meyer says.
National Association of College Stores, according to less than half of all the books on the wallets of the campus in the shops.
In this however simple they may be the means to save real money.
Online
A new book online can have only one-third of the price of what it would cost campus in the bookshop.
Lar on Persson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetlerin 'Calculus' ninth edition of the book price offered for the toothfish is almost 290 dollars, but a special book verkkokaupasta. Paper must not price 239,99 dollars.
Buy used,
Second-hand books are a good alternative if the reader do not interfere with the other notes, worn-out appearance.
For example '' of the book will be used, Calculus. 93,49 dollars.
Brigham Young Universityn final-year student Matt Casaday, 25 years, says it is buying the book 'Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding in The Business The End of The Advertising Business' used, Amazon.com online trade only 0,42 dollars.
A new book it would have cost $48.
Amherst College in the Massachusetts University Without Walls from the director Ingrid Bracey and other academics in recommending that the students are asking professors, can also be used on the course in the past.
Sometimes with the new edition of reform is not relevant to the lesson.
In this case, the old edition could find only a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
- and a bookshop Amazon, eBay Inc. is a popular place to buy second-hand books.
Rent
Textbook rental are worth considering, if we keep taking good care of them, you will remember back to when you need them in the course of carrying out.
Rent you can save more than 80 per cent of the price of the new book.
Calculus' 'of the book, for example, to lease the entire tuition costs about 20 dollars.
Rent access to the company's rules, such as notes, with the emphasis on the use of pen and wear and tear, the following payments.
Vuokraaja, we shall remain vigilant: If we forget to return the book, delays payments may be higher than on the purchase price.
E-books
Acquisition of e-books rather than ordinary paper can become also a question.
Sometimes rented in these books, which are paid to e-books to its holders, such as Amazon.com, Barnes - or "Well Inc.
Trade must not 'Calculus' book of e-books for six months to around 61 dollars.
Braceyn literature, many of the students are the most, because a number of classic can now download free of charge, while science and technology books can be very expensive.
I am in favour of a comparison of the various sellers, and then choose the option.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin Pepperdinen law professors, recommends the ISBN numbers to take advantage of the price in the market, because it will be able to ensure that is looking for the right book.
Before sitting in the grid, do not ensure that the book is certainly in warehouses, Gault says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
His buying the book supply was on ice for four weeks, and he was forced in the end to buy a book at full price at a university in a bookshop.
Legions of Tampere in the theatre to fill 20 years
In 1994 to set up the theatre against unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
I will be welcome to all who wish to make such art.
Emphasis on recreation of the expression to be held between 17 and 35 years of long-term unemployed.
Often takes the position of the society.
In recent years, there have been, among other things, depression themed Depressio Moderata, Minäminäminä! - humorous stories, as well as classic narcissism of atonement.
I believe that every human being can change their own lives.
Fires died almost twice as many people over the last year
Fires this year is dead, almost double the number of people compared with last year.
Finnish rescue sectors' (Spek) so far, according to the media monitoring, were 55 people have died already in 49 different zeal.
Last year, at the same time the fire death was 31.
Die most, 36, has been held by men.
More than 65-year-old has had 11.
Organisations fire death statistics, the worse the situation was most recently in 2009, when the end of August, fires had killed 64 people.
The death of the great majority of fire is going on in housing.
Apartment blocks has been 17 fire death, detached houses 21, as well as an incredible number of lines and in other small houses for seven.
Spek remind home fire protection on time.
I warned the operation of at least of all home fires, according to Spekin should be ensured.
In addition, should all be reviewed, that the fire-fighting tools are easy to use up.
Of all domestic facilities must also be barrier-free exit routes.
Children should also tell us what electronic equipment they will use when he was alone at home.
NATO summit: The first protests in Cardiff, Newport
NATO summit opponents protested in Newport last weekend.
Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of the city of Newport anti-NATO march.
Sunday, some 150 people met in Cardiff against so-called town hall at the summit.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived even from Belgium.
Young people were rescued by air from the Blue of Australia
Two teenage patikoitsijaa was increased security for the night, having been stuck in Australia's New South Wales Blue in the mountains in the region.
16-year-old girl and 18-year-old man left to wander at noon on Sunday after the father-in-law, Le Govetts Blackheathiin.
The following of young people who had not returned home, and called the police iltakahdeksalta.
Local police officers, and donors consisted of the search party was sent to look for the young, and the charming couple was found, at about 23 close to Bridal Veil.
The girl had violated knee does, and the men had been killed or had their heads.
Police spent the night with the couple, and they were safe on Monday morning.
Backpacker taken to Israeli ambulance in cooperation with Blue Mountains', and their condition was stable.
Ukrainian troops withdrew from the airport Lugansk
Ukraine's troops have withdrawn from the Lugansk directly from the airport.
Ukraine's army, the soldiers were given orders perääns.
Ukraine, the paratroopers have taken sharply together with Russian tanks on the ground.
Army, according to a representative of the cannon fire has been so precise that, as the shot is likely to have Russian soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Ukraine's south-east coast in the Sea of Azov to the artillery yesterday received the Ukrainian patrol vessels sank in the morning, says border guards.
Eight marines have been saved and two are still missing.
Border guards had no certainty about what the beginning was shot.
Separatist told yesterday social media firing from the beginning.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov that Russia is not going to attack to Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukraine's troops must immediately withdraw to positions which, they will not be able to fire on civilians.
Foreign Minister in the Minsk negotiations today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE would have to achieve an immediate cease-fire without conditions.
Lavrov also reiterated that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
, first of all, we are going to protect our interests, our economy, social sectors, our businesses.
At the same time, we are also going to draw the conclusions from the actions of our partners, Lavrov was threatening.
Malmö received heavy rainfall and flood the Copenhagen
Flooded the streets Sunday in Malmo and Copenhagen, when heavy rains lashed the southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters broke the many roads, most traffic and then buried cars.
Sunday, authorities estimate that flood hellittäminen might take, although rain was forecast die Monday.
Heavy rainfall reached a surprise one of the Swedish authorities, and wet weather warnings issued in advance.
Had the science agency meteorologists on call Ari Mustala estimates that the region that has been plaguing the rain front was very local.
Rain area appears to be narrow and in place permanent.
I do not wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
France's Socialists should 'be quiet and to help France, Francois' main advocate says Hollanden
Vals, urged the deeply divided feelings' 'on the left to the Office of President of the Party of European Socialists, the composition of the new government does not have the approval of a majority of the French.
President deserves all the respect he deserves our loyalty, we support.
"Our task is to remain at her side ', Vals said and deserved round of applause.
Mollifying gesture, the Prime Minister called on the government to abandon peace France's controversial 35-hour working week despite a new economy minister Emmanuel Mac's statement earlier this week, debated the proposal that the rule should be relaxed.
Saturday, the Netherlands to de asked to act together with the government of Socialists.
Justice Minister Mrs Taubira, however, caused discord turning out differences of opinion who presented the Socialist members of parliament and the Socialist Party by criticising a meeting, for providing "the French give up hope for the future '.
Extreme right-wing Nationalist Bloc leader Marine Le Pen derided the Socialists continued mutual disagreements and said that he did not believe the new government Vallsin lasting a few months longer.
Francois Holland de may have left the call to war, but also to Manuel Vals, whose duty it was to form a new government after the previous not taken even over the summer.
'- and not only a new government it will not be until the autumn or winter date', Le Pen told journalists.
He reiterated party proposal to dissolve parliament and had to be taken as read party won early elections, he would be prepared to lead the party.
France's governing party suffered a crushing defeat in the March elections and the far right occupied the top of the list in the European elections in May.
Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche in opinion poll shows that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party will collapse in a series of competing groups before Hollanden period expires in 2017.
DG University political scientist Pascal Perri warned that the French people will lose patience if the new socialist government of failing to improve the economy and record high unemployment.
"There is a small chance of succeeding, but the public should see quickly that change is happening", he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate even further.
Pokka deceived tomorrow the Finnish presenter kirsi Almeida syrup, Nina Rahkola and meteorologists Pekka in calm pokka failed badly in the recorded conversations.
Tomorrow Finland programme published last Thursday, Facebook page one attractive video Thursday of the recordings.
Video presenter kirsi Almeida syrup and Nina Rahkola, as well as the meteorological Pekka in calm morning trying to secretly record the Finnish advertising puffi broadcast the next day, but the recording does not go quite pipeline.
Almeida syrup sekoilla her words in trying to pronounce the word budget, and he also will be followed by the calm and Rahkola lose pokka time and time again.
And these heroes should be allowed to withdraw the direct broadcast even tomorrow, tomorrow the Finnish Facebook updates says.
Video has become a very popular on Facebook and it is both tykätä that shared on Facebook, more than 10,000 times.
The newspaper picture of the picture's office worked for Mr K. in calm, 68, was the third in a series of portrait after having in 1972.
The picture is Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
Fred sulphur buildings on the streets of Helsinki champion was held in the house of a meeting of the Socialist International in May 1971.
Meeting of heads of state and there were a lot of security measures was enormous.
When Golda Meir and went to the toilet, to, seven bodyguards was involved.
At the beginning of the meeting, however, was more than five minutes of filming.
I took this picture of four to five metres.
The light and the background were in place.
I understood right away that this time I managed.
Meirin clearly sees that the Middle East leaders have been difficult in the past.
Then competition performed well-known personalities or events of Fund.
It is wonderful that today, we can be a success also in other see, as long as it is an idea, and they promote visual wrestling match.
This is the second best picture, which I have taken.
The best is Mr Lehtinen Virén images of collapse of the Munich Olympics.
I sent to the competition.
His thesis: Primeval investigation paid more than five million euros
Helsinki examining the legality of the police drug unit's operation has cost more than EUR 5 million and called for 30 to 50 years of work.
That will assess Jyri Rajamäki Jyväs village University doctorate in its information technology work.
Rajamäki suggests that police judicial supervision and the fight against crime in general could be substantially improved by combining the investigations and the trial of the information systems.
Rajamäki says that modern technology will make it possible to use a special forensic material.
He says, that it is possible to build a system to collect data to identify where the crime is automatically in the chain of evidence and electronic evidence of material and at the same time enable a comprehensive judicial supervision.
's argument will be inspected on Saturday.
1999: In general, the idea of vegetarian food was forgotten school on the wall: "Vegetarian diet of fish and chicken food"
The image of pirkkalalainen travel on a school wall and wrote an unusual food scare was caused by social media, says in general, the web page.
Vegetable ruokailija!
Vegetables in school lunches on a diet of fish and chicken dishes.
Only when on the list is meat, we prepare vegetarian options.
Says this school on the wall to be forgotten, a 15-year-old newsletter.
Picture of many to look to the room.
Social media spread the picture has led people to send to the municipality of Pirkkala outraged feedback.
Food and hygiene services chief Arjan Vaarma says in general, that somewhere in the forgotten tag is not true and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently before me, I have sometimes been such an idea that has been discussed at the time with health care.
Wishes every pupil is a meal, he says the general.
This day Pirkkala in schools, students are offered vegetarian food option only with the permission of parents and doctors or nurses witness vegetarian diet.
Vaarma justifies the solution in general, because the young vegetarian food experiment may leave the nutrition be incomplete and meat or chicken may be wondering the absence of parents themselves.
Norwegian systems close to the 3 billion-dollar values the Accord of systems
Norwegian systems Line Holdings Ltd., the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy out their competitors Prestige Cruises International Inc to the three billion dollars come from the information and in close contact with the people.
Norwegian systems with the trade, which is the market value of 6.8 billion dollars, should not have access to the the Cruises luxury cruise ships and the well-off customers greater competition of its predecessor, the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (.) and Carnival corpus (CCL).
According to the source of the information about a possible agreement may be already published this week, although it is also possible that the talks are not successful.
Prestige Cruises, the owner of the private equity companies Apollo Global Management LLC (APO), is also the owner of 20 percent of the Norwegian systems.
Sources did not want their names made public, because the negotiations will not be in the public eye.
Norwegian systems and Prestige Cruises corporations representatives did not respond to requests for comment, and his intention representatives refused to comment on.
Miami to the systems in which a Norwegian has 13 cruise, whose route map covers North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, Euro-America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13 percent from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
Prestige Cruises, which is also in Miami, being driven - and -brändinimillä, which include a total of eight cruise and route map covers the Scandinavian, Russian, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
In 2013, its turnover was 1.2 billion dollars, which is six percent more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars' worth in the coming few years, cruise industry is expected to benefit from the world's emerging economies, such as China and India, the rise of the middle class.
Companies are competing to become the number one option for these new customers in their cruise.
Cruises to recording the first issuance of shares on the stock markets of the United States in January 2014.
Apollo has devoted most of the company's shares in 2007, after the trade was worth 850 million dollars.
Norwegian systems was set up in 2000 to the current composition of its reunification Genting Bhd (GENT.KL) with the latter is Malaysians billionaires Lim Kok Thayn entertainment and casino companies.
Apollo invested billions of dollars to the Norwegian systems in 2008.
Norwegian systems will be listed on public company in January 2013.
Published information, the lower the percentage of the company was 28% to 20% of his intention, and private equity company TPG Capital LP's share of 8 per cent from the end of June.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian systems companies' combined share of North American cruise capacity is 82 percent, shows the distribution of shares in the context of the systems from publishing a registration document.
Tampere city authorities will deal with the matter today.
Mali 's departments requested hopes very strong support for the initiative.
Animalia, executive director of the Tampere University thesis-risk delfinaario Salla Tuomi, according to time in Finland and around the world need to come to an end soon.
In recent years around the world, fortunately, there is widespread perception that developed mammals such as dolphins accounting delfinaario is not eläinsuojelullisesti and ethically sustainable.
This view would like perceived also to Tampere.
Delfinaario abolition is not only the animal rights issues, including the question of the Tampere's image as a tourist destination, to point out the dangers of Tuomi.
Judged according to the danger of the death of dolphins Näsi delfinaario action heightens the downward.
Näs death is sad continuation Särkän peninsula delfinaario dark history.
It is time to put the toll of death point to close the prison, as well as to find out how the Tampere dolphins might be transferred to the maritime domain demarcation, a kind of dolphin shelters, Tuomi danger demands.
Näsi had no time to see a return to the original habitat, but hopefully the remaining Särkän peninsula live dolphins to experience even more life than virikkeetön concrete basin, Tuomi hopes in danger.
Animal Protection League Animalia aim is that all the species of wild animals in circuses would ban the use of the animal protection laws of the overall reform.
Here also include delfinaario.
In support of the demands of Animalia Director Tuomi danger today and will take part in the protest on behalf of dolphins.
Japan's embassy in Helsinki at the mental expression, takes a stand against delfiinin hunting season which will start in Japan.
During the hunting season, imprisoned or brutally killed each year around 2300 dolphins, either delfinaario introduced or food.
Putin calls for Kiev to open negotiations on a new state with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted Sunday that Ukraine's government to put an end to the fighting against separatists in eastern parts of the country and to begin immediate negotiations on outgoing valtiomaisuudesta '' in the region, Russian news sources are telling.
His representative to Dmitry Peskov clarified later that Putin meant that the separatists being at the centre of the eastern Ukrainian region would become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should re-consider whether to give the Russian-speaking population of defending its own rights and interests.
Putin's call for the Kiev government of pro-Russian negotiations with the rebels as equal negotiating partners will respond to his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists attempting to take over the region and to force the government of Ukraine, in practice, to grant the newly declared Novorossijalle independence, that will enable it to orientation to Russia instead of the West.
State channels 1 prize in an interview Putin condemned Ukraine's military efforts to retake the separatist-dominated eastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, which the separatists took to Moscow in March and April to Ukraine's Crimea Peninsula itself on 18 March.
In the Kremlin and the separatists in the region have recently dipped 'Novorossijaksi', 'The New Russia', this term to remind the Russian empire that preceded the revolutions dimensionality days.
Russian news agency Itar-Tass that Putin has said that the planned peace negotiations are an illusion '' as long as Ukraine's politicians are taking on 26 October, the campaigns for the elections and the government's attacks by troops against civilians in areas controlled by the separatists.
"We must immediately begin comprehensive negotiations, not just technical things, but also in society and the role of the state in south-eastern Ukraine, so that takes into account the interests of the people there", he says.
Peskovin valtiomaisuudesta according to Putin's reference to '' has to do with greater independence, which has been debated for months in Kiev with Russian-speaking regions, trying to dispel fears that their cultural and linguistic rights would be threatened.
Ukraine's only government can grant to the eastern territories of independence, Peskov says.
It is not possible to hold talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov says, 'because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict'.
The Kremlin's representative for interruption, which was intended to correct the wrong interpretation '' of the Putin comments, stressed that the Russian government is dealing with the eastern regions separatist rebellion in a different way from the Crimea, making it virtually seized the territory whose 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even in Donetsk and Lugansk regions in eastern Ukraine, because the majority of people there to 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian and because of the conflict over the previous opinion polls show that the majority of the population were in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats have discussed in international forums, would give local governments the right to fit their own trade agreements and foreign relations, which would give the Kremlin virtually power in the region, which links the Russian Crimea.
Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed to Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian capital, as well as commercial shipping fleet in the port area and the historic coastal destinations.
Russia's R and the Crimea in between in the region also has mines, factories and metal smelting works, which will provide the military with vital products.
Ukraine's president Petro Poroshenko proposed inaugural address on 7 June, the Ukrainian legislators, after new elections, are considering constitutional amendments in order to increase Ukraine's core areas of decision-making power from their own finances and the role of languages.
His independence, however, seems to have a vision that differs from what the Kremlin and the Moscow perhaps signs and fuelling separatist sentiment.
Putin made the latest claim the Kiev government of pro-Russian negotiations as equal partners with the rebels after the rebels ran more last week, Russian tanks and troops invasion of eastern Ukraine previously peaceful region Azov Sea coast.
Ukraine's security authorities fear that the Russian-backed separatist Novoazovskin to take possession of the city is the beginning of a larger effort, which is designed to take over the whole of the strategically important coastal Crimea until now.
It has led to massive civilian and military staff to take the city of Mariupol. Half a million inhabitants of the port city of Mariupol steel known as an engine, which is located in the Crimea peninsula and Novoazovskin leading a narrow land in between.
Poroshenko was speaking on Saturday in Brussels, the European Union's leaders begging for further action to prevent future violations of Russian in Ukraine, the former Soviet Union, Central African Republic, which has been self-employed for 23 years.
"In order to achieve their soon-point of no return ', Poroshenko warned.
Ukraine's territory now has thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
EU summit did not do direct action decisions; leaders came up with additional sanctions be drawn up so that they can be put in place if the Ukrainian crisis flares up again in unexplained circumstances.
Ukraine's military was to withdraw from positions in the area of Ilovaiskin two Russian armoured unit and 1, 000 troops relocation to the last week in the Donetsk region in order to strengthen the struggling separatists, General Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council representative, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
Lysenkon said the first Russian Ilovaiskissa surrounded Ukraine's 63 soldiers in exchange for the 10 Russian parachute vaulters who were imprisoned in the region a week ago in the Ukraine.
Return leg between Inter Milan in his opening goal did Japanese as Keisuke Honda already seventh game minutes.
Sulley Muntari, first there was the second at half-time and a little later, Jeremy Menez a penalty.
Lazio got kavennus paint rankkari after the home of the game, but the goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio Candrevan shots.
Lopez moved to Milan for this period from Real Madrid.
Return leg between Inter Milan, an icon of the former aggressors Inzaghin training debyytti San siro stadium was only half full.
Matches the number of the public was informed of 39, 000 spectators.
Australia-julkkis and Gabi Grecko alastonkuva scandal on the cusp of a
Geoffrey Edelsten said he was appalled to see the hackers may have stolen his kihlata and Hollywood A-list stars Gabi Greckon alastonkuva.
World of entertainment is inundated with after a series of Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuva was published on the Internet a broad julkkis picture of hacking as a result of the scandal.
Hackers are said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuva Nälkä game stars Lawrence and other super stars, such as model Kate Uptonista and CARA Delevingnestä, the singer Rihanna, Ariana Grandesta and leader Michelle, as well as actress Kirsten Dunstista.
The Australian actors' Teresa Pal sea, Emily Browningin, Yvonne Strahovskin Greckon pictures of living in Melbourne and has apparently been stolen -vuodon context.
I have 101 julkkis names.
Greckoa last month focused on Edelsten to said, 'this is revolting'.
Any personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and spread.
New York cases are reported in the British press to be Greckon online Journal of shame '' and said that victims feel ashamed. ''
Hackers are believed to be 30 picture Palmerista this last boyfriend of one of Scott's Speedmanin, including two of the upper Palmerista, after all, have the edge of a basin.
Pal sea films include, among other things, thanks to the film "Love and deputizing for Honor 'against actor Liam Hemsworthin.
Palmer, Chuck series stars Strahovski and Sucker Punch the Browning not commented to hack into computers images of yesterday.
Lawrence said to that 'this is an outrageous violation of privacy ".
An actor Seth Rogen angry hackers twiitissään: 'Cell phone stolen in the publication of the images is no different in any way from the sale of stolen product'.
Stolen from the publication of the pictures should not be made possible, if only on legal point of view.
Finland played almost as sensational victory on home ground and rose to Cuba to air the ball beyond the World Cup.
I think the pictures of the fan euphoria.
Poland's Katowice on Monday was the latest in a Polish not white, but the Finnish blue and white.
Finland's victory was followed by -areenalla STT's, nearly 2000 Finno-supporters.
Seems as if it would be played at home.
Such a big impact on the fans, the game was the captain of Finland's Antti Siltala said STT.
Finland had the match within already behind at 0-2, but rose to victory within 3-2.
Finland took a surprise rise in the the fourth-phase of the six-point guarantee.
Cuba led 16-10 at least for a while, but then the Finns were passionate.
A couple of hundreds of Finnish fans, however, were disappointed when the van on the ground, the charter plane was unable to land because of heavy fog in Katowice.
Warsaw reached fans missed the pitch.
Finns from football fans have taken over Europe hard pace over the last few days.
Spain's Bilbao basketball fans in Finland, the World Cup is here to more than 8,000.
As if every one of the Finnish basket would have been the match victory for the bin, the US star players Stephen Mr Curry, praised Finns trappings of fans after Saturday's match.
Council meetings are not sent direct to technical problems,
Kouvola city council meeting is not in a position today to watch live via the Internet.
City, according to a broadcast is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvola city regrets the situation.
I can look at the record of the meeting in a couple of days.
Kouvola city council meetings have been able to look at the beginning of the year through the Internet.
Next time decision-making may be as a direct 13.10.
Council meeting on the video can be found at http: / / web / index / aikuisvaestolle / paatoksen-making / council of the networks and the city of Kouvola YouTube channel.
