Juankosken at the beginning of the year 2017, the city is linked to the city of Kuopio.
Kuopio City Council approved unanimously by the Association on Monday.
Juankosken City Council approved the Association last week.
The municipality join deciphering was also involved in the Council of the municipality, but its Tuusniemen decided to continue as an independent, that the 2000s.
The next elections to the municipality of Kuopio and decide on the implementation of the Truckee separately.
Local elections will be held next time in 2016.
Juankosken after joining the University has a population of about 111 000.
The Indian and Japanese Prime Ministers meet in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Japanese counterpart, Narendra Modi will meet in Tokyo, to discuss the economic and turvallisuussuhteista, makes his first major after the election victory in May.
The mod has a five-day visit to Japan, intended to strengthen economic relations between the world's third-largest economy.
Discussion topics at the top are the plans for the extended ydinvoimayhteistyöstä.
Also, India is said to be interested in the puolustusyhteistyösopimuksesta with Japan.
Putin: Ukrainian troops are firing on civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the leadership of Kiev, and the fact that these political discussions in the Eastern Ukraine refuse to straighten with the separatists.
The current Kiev's leadership does not want to implement essential political debate with the eastern part of his country, Putin said, according to the Itar-Tass news agency.
He also said that the separatists, whose pro-European Kiev Russia and the West say they will be aided by the Russian army, tried to push the Ukrainian troops farther away from their current positions with Putin, said that the Ukrainian army troops are firing on civilians.
The goal is to push the militia fighters out of these armed groups, and their tykistönsä, so they do not get the chance to shoot for the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The event was held on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It surprised that people came to the already quite early in the evening.
The visitors had two during the day, as expected, the promottori Tom K says.
Seinäjoki Hiphop Festival was held for the third time.
The next year again.
We are going to continue to be hip hop festivals, or pop music is not specified, the fabric assures.
In Finland, the entry into force of the law will come into Tuesday, which limit the acquisition of explosives-grade materials.
In the future, individuals will have to apply for a Police permit in order to purchase from the Government or to keep the possession of such substances or mixtures that could be used in explosives, as starting material.
Such substances are hydrogen peroxide, nitro methane, nitric acid, kaliumkloraatti, kaliumperkloraatti, sodium chlorate and mixtures containing natriumperkloraatti and, if the prescribed concentration values are exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide is, for example, cleaning and cleaning agents, but they usually do not exceed the limit values.
Nitro methane is used, for example, the acceleration driving.
Before the entry into force of the laws of the starting materials acquired in may, however, be held by, and use the 2. March 2016.
In her absence, and Pitlochryn From the Hotel George is accused of rape
A man accused of two rapes at the wait for a trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges against the Glasgow during the session of the Supreme Court.
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the Perthshiren province, Pitlochryn Scotland's 7. June 2013.
Her absence is accused of attacking the woman attacked this "being in the tajuttomassa mode, while you sleep, and is therefore unable to make a decision myself."
In her absence, in addition to the Nairnissa, another accused in the rape of a Highlands Golf View features 4. may 2014.
In accordance with the decision of the trial judge, Lady Rae will be held on 17 December. November in Edinburgh, the Supreme Court.
Premier League: Super Mario was overshadowed by Raheem-shone-Premier League-Ilta-Sanomat
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling showed once again why he is considered the future of English football alone.
White Hart Lane was on Sunday, when the electric atmosphere, Mario Balotellilla, arrived in Liverpool for Tottenham strengthened alienated.
Super Mario's first appearance was promising: the 24-year-old Italian experienced englantilaistoimittajat saw made the pitch work hard quite a different attitude than Manchester City-times.
Balotelli was still far from the peak of vireestään.
The Italian has wasted the three high-quality paint and the bait of the sixteen syötöstään only half of your own team.
A player already in the future, waiting to be taken, the supporters of the Pool as favorite better.
The Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers in the role of Luis Suarezin Balotellin matkanneen planted the Barcelona team in second place alongside the aggressor Daniel Sturridgen.
The team's star kimalsi Balotellin instead of the midfield diamond tip Raheem Sterling, which tökkäsi the opening goal in the 3-0 victory over Hugo Llorisin important.
Sterling, 19, not only tehoillaan.
Balotellia 20 cents less than the between the lines of an English opponent in the fish water.
The feature is not a general player that runs on grass, at best, about 34 miles per hour.
Also, Rodgers earns Sterling development great credit.
From Northern Ireland told reporters after the match, how Liverpool has systematically developed at the foot of the luoteislontoolaisesta laitakiitäjää the increased possibility of a Wembley beating.
Susanna was elected to the Helsinki City Orchestra ylikapellimestariksi-"I am happy and proud"
The city of Helsinki, the Government has decided to nominate Susan Mälkin, Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra for the next ylikapellimestariksi in the fall of 2016.
The leaves down to the Los Angeles Times have questioned what the Orchestra he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki will tell you to start in his new job with pleasure and pride.
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra has played a central role in the role of our country in the music scene for over one hundred years, including the kantaesittämällä to the large number of Sibelius ' music.
The Orchestra have led to the best Finnish conductors, and I have been working on many of the Orchestra's with in the past.
I look forward to our cooperation in the future, "he says.
Wage earner organisations, administrations, the size of the pension consultation fact-country-Regions-news-K
The pension negotiations sought new momentum today, labour market organisations for their own gatherings.
Wage earner organisations of Finnish trade unions (SAK), the negotiating process in the morning and STTK:n administrations Akavan Erityisalojen Keskusliitto situation.
After the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
The labour market organisations ' noblesse oblige ', among other things, the controversy over raising the retirement age for the binding of the far.
Organizations have pledged to työuraratkaisun by the autumn, but the latest estimates it would occur this week.
Pihtipudas.
Women's volleyball league team based in Woman Volleyball Vampulan training liiganousija Sportsmen Pihtiputaan stumbled in the tournament final on Sunday.
Vampula is a drawn-out, moved the five match 3-2 victory.
In the last installment of the WoVo lost 15-11.
A neighbor had all the time in the steps above.
The battle was good, but the defense in the game, and the game was a little better, the passport of Vampula saw WoVon coach John M.
That was as far as the rejection of the ragged WoVon 190-centimeter amerikkalaissentteri Jennifer Keddy markkinointi was back, stuck on the sidelines.
Sentterinä played Sara K.
Karoliina pelikykyinen and was, despite the handicap of thumb Kyllönen, formed with Johanna tulivoimaisimman Pekkarinen, WoVon combination.
Hakkurina started as a space in the middle of the Hill got to do with Jenna Jaudzemalle the last one batch for.
Vampulan the best part was a skilled venäläispassari, and libero Hillaelina H, which the WoVo toured as much as possible.
Preparing for the League at the end of next week, WoVon continues when the Hämeenlinna, HPK comes to training camp to Rovaniemi.
The team will face on Saturday in the "kauppiksella" at 18 in the official workout game.
On Sunday, encountering a sports training camp again.
Lidl pounding the ridiculous numbers in Finland
The company's stores in Finland grew by the end of February that ended during the fiscal year, almost 25 percent of the nearly 1.2 billion.
The company announced its earnings data on Monday.
Lidl in Finland is now a total of 142 stores, and expansion is going to continue.
Lidl also told us that the taxes paid in the last financial year To almost 14 million euros.
Lidl Suomi Finland belongs to the German Lidl group.
The company has more than 4 200 workers in Finland.
Ovarian cancer being killed by more frequent in sparsely populated areas due to late diagnosis and access to treatment hankaloituneen
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have released a video in tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Those living in rural areas in Australia, women have a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than those living in the cities.
The researchers went through more than 1,100 Australian in 2005, received a diagnosis of ovarian cancer in the woman's medical records and found that only 35% of women, i.e. more than five years after diagnosis.
Principal investigator Susan Jordan QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute – Centre confirms that the sparsely populated and remote areas, are more likely to live in the 20 percent of the women died during the study period than women living in urban areas.
A LITTLE RESEARCH: new drugs can slow down the lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through a seven-year period in the history of women's health.
The doctor, Susan Jordan, including the woman's age at diagnosis is present, the type of ovarian cancer, previous diseases and socio-economic status was affected by the possibility of survival.
Iäkkäämmillä women and cancer is more widespread at the time of diagnosis the survival probability was the smallest.
The sparsely populated and remote areas, are more likely to live in the 20 percent of the women died during the study period than women living in urban areas.
The study did not attempt to explain why those living outside the cities, women are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan holds the potential reasons for the delayed diagnosis, and hankaloitunutta access.
"Gynecological Oncology medical specialists care for this illness in the best way, and their ceilings are located mostly in the major cities," Jordan says.
Even at a distance, to be carried out in the distance are becoming more common, and the importance of medical treatments is reduced, in addition to a researcher suggests that the doctors ' mobility, so that doctors can treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programs to support far away from home to treat patients.
Dr. Jordan, according to a study of women with ovarian cancer for a long period of time, the percentage of survival is poor, irrespective of their geographical location, which stresses the need for better care and better cancer prevention programs.
Ride to Conquer Cancer in Rio Tinto-charity-funded research published today in the Medical Journal of Australia magazine.
In March 2012, the 33-year old Gold Coast resident mother Elisha Neavella was found to have a malignant ovarian cancer.
Rovaniemi city wants to strengthen its position in the parking lot of the Park of friendship of the formula in the sled, which is located next to the hotel on the North of the Royal household.
The City Government decided on Monday that the Friendship of the Park and its vicinity in the layout proposal for a service point for public display is set to Osviittaan.
The opinions of the Committee on a proposal from the environmental equation will be asked and Lapland ely Centre.
Layout change with the city wants to allow the continuation of the activities of the tourism related snowmobiling in the area.
The scene is meant to build the Park area, which includes the existing Friendship between the Park and the area between it and the river.
There may not be, according to the presentation, 15. on November 30. during the period from April, more than 200 permanently in snowmobiles.
Also, for the most part, the territory shall not be placed in the designated refuelling points.
The new park area is allowed as well as the maintenance of the traffic.
Friendship Park area of the city of Rovaniemi to be hired by the safari business for snowmobiling use during the winter.
The lease has been renewed in the last spring of 2014, and the contract is valid for the spring of 2018.
Sled in the parking lot of the action, and the formula change has given rise to a kovaäänistäkin resistance.
The inhabitants of the neighbouring blocks of flats have been so concerned about the vote than päästöistäkin feel upset that there is movement.
The emissions in the region, however, has been examined, and no reports have come up in the guide values in excess of sightings.
The renewed kalustokin is an old vähäpäästöisempää.
Friendship Park in the parking lot of the region supports it too, that if your starting point is moved farther away from the hotel, the guest should be transported to places of origin of safari safaris bus, which had an estimated 15 departures a day.
Friendship Park in the area and its surroundings is in the city, according to scooter parking also wide enough, better than the starting locations for places such as, for example, the equity of the Ounasjoki River bridges at the close of the boat dock on the side pavement.
Friendship Park is great because, for example, may in the future to expand the activities of the Ounaspaviljongin in the area.
In the parking lot of the consolidation of the activities approved by the City Council of the city of Rovaniemi, is part of the strategy, which, according to the city's goal is to provide a good framework for, inter alia, by allocating sufficient high-quality areas of logistical and functionally to lavish locations.
Friendship Park is also in the Centre of the slots marked with the location of snowmobiling osayleiskaavaan, who has not yet received the legal force.
Ownership of the homes of the invoice appears in the garden centers
The decline in the number of homeowners, especially in the under 35 age group, could lead to a decline in sales of garden stores in the tens of millions, when today's young consumers will reach the age of "parent group" sales on behalf of the garden. The Financial Times said the British garden-industry trade association (the Horticultural Trades Association, the HTA) research.
According to a report in the financial times, homeowners renters use gardening only 55% the amount of money homeowners from using.
The study also revealed that more and more people live in a very urban dwellings, which do not have gardens. In addition, the size of the garden in the front yard of the addition of more and more often decreases when the parking place. Also, these factors threaten the garden area, with an estimated value of about 5 billion pounds a year.
In London, the ownership of housing has dropped from 61% in the sub-area of 43% over six years, and there's a garden products are used the least amount of money per household for the entire country.
HTA and the British garden society (RHS) according to the housing and the decline in the size of the increase in the lease or in the garden, that does not mean people will not be able to grow plants.
RHS:n a leading garden advice Guy Barter says that, "for example, transferable culture vessels kept the plants are particularly popular among asunnonvuokraajien, as such bringing the containers may be used, where appropriate, to include in migration".
HTA, according to a report from 1997 to 2005, were the heyday of the field through the resale of the garden due to the housing ownership and wealth increased in the late 80 's to mid 90 's.
The report also projected that the trade is speeding up this year thanks to improved weather conditions, the weather in March and April of last year after being in the past.
U.s. diplomats due to the espionage report Turkey interrogates
Turkey's Foreign Ministry has called the country's kokeneimman the Us diplomat to explain the report concerning espionage by the Americans and Britons in Turkey.
According to Bulentin, the Deputy Prime Minister of the us Embassy and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel, and the online newspaper The Intercept have written that the u.s. National Security Agency (the National Security Agency, the NSA) former analyst Edward Snowdenin vuotamat documents reveal the United States has been Turkey, and British intelligence services as the main subject of the spyware.
According to the news agencies of Turkey, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all the large States are vakoilleet to each other.
The previous report of the German päätiedustelu service in the Strict regime imposed by the vihaisemman reaction in the Turkish Government Spying has delivered.
Cannes-winner Croze is the new suomalaiselokuvassa
Several success movies, Marie-Josée Croze appeared as a kanadalaisnäyttelijä is attached to the female protagonist in the new suomalaiselokuvassa.
Croze was portrayed by Director Mikko Copper film 2 night till morning, by this week in Lithuania.
Croze, won the Cannes Film Festival best actress award for her role in the film the Barbarian invasions in 2003.
He has performed with, among others, Steven Spielberg's Munich, as well as Julian Schnabel's film the Butterfly in a glass bulb.
2 nights in the morning, in the movie the man starring Mikko Nousiainen.
The film gets its premiere in September 2015, Finland.
Mallorca's Magaluf, the Chief of police on charges of corruption
The case revealed the evidence of the police officers and Calviàn have made their city government officials, the public prosecutor's Office from engaging in extortion in Mallorca on Friday.
Mallorca holiday on the island of Calviàn, a police chief has been arrested in a moist area of Magaluf, known as the movement, and the celebration of a bar by the owners as a result of the accusations of corruption.
Superintendent José Antonio Navarro was placed in pre-trial detention after several of the Punta Ballena-Street shop owners raised corruption charges against him. Punta Ballena Magaluf, is, for the most part, bars and nightclubs.
According to the daily newspaper, to be published online at Diarion, as the case may be, given their apparent Mallorca presented their evidence to the police and city government officials from engaging in extortion, Calviàn in Majorca, the Prosecutor's Office against corruption on Friday.
Spanish Civil Guard arrested two other local police corruption allegations, and they are the judge, kuulusteltavina, together with the guy.
Throughout the country, newspaper published daily newspaper ABC wrote in the night clubs of the owners of the vihastuneen authorities of bias, which significantly hampered their business.
"This is not money, but rather to deal with," one shop owner, said the Court.
You do not destroy our economy.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf in a number of countries had headlines this summer, when the network spread to YouTube video, with 18-year-old British holidaymaker has oral sex with a man called 24 Pub crawlin period.
The island's authorities have since tried to curb the use of humaltunutta and reducing the uncontrolled sale of Magaluf, focus on the notorious crawlien osanottajamääriä, alkoholinkäryisten pub.
In addition, the Playhouse nightclub, where the video was shot, was ordered to close for oral sex, and the owner of the nightclub and pub was ordered to be paid by the organizer of the crawlin Carnagelle fines of EUR 55 000 jointly.
Above all, the young British tourists in the popular resort of Magaluf tourist resort has become popular also so-called. the trend of balconing, which have caused several accidents involving alcohol in the start-up, when people have jumped from the balcony to another, or from the balcony of the hotel's swimming pool.
The Israelites, the children return to school in the Gaza Strip after the war
Thousands of israelilaislapset in the territory of the Gaza Strip, returned to school Monday after spending the summer in a bomb shelter, when the rockets and mortars bombarded their community East of Israel and Hamas during the war, which has lasted for 50 days and schools remained closed in the region rebound battles.
The opening of schools resulted in the joy and excitement rocket at the southern Israeli communities, but the pommittamissa of fighting traces are still visible.
In the South, Ashdod, in Pashosh-kindergarten workers removed the fragments, traces of the wall before the arrival of the children, and the slides of the rocket has a day home.
"We are a little bit scared but also excited," says Ronit Bart, who lives on a kibbutz and how, in an article entitled "commune of Saad, and works as a teacher of English on the school.
Many of the children living in this region desperately need routines.
Bart's 11-year-old daughter to return to school for a long time She is of the opinion that Shani to feel "a little strange".
"We've had difficult times in which we are not gone from home anywhere," he says.
President Reuven "Rubi" Rivlin visited near the Gaza border, on a kibbutz and how to offer support.
Before last week's start of the cease-fire, thousands of inhabitants of the border area communities such as Saadi had been kept away from their homes to safer areas inside or left their homes to escape from Gaza rocket fire and grenades.
Many of Gaza's inhabitants in the vicinity of Nahal Oz, located in front of the community with regard to the return of the Palestinians are skeptical of the grenade killed a 4-year-old boy in the community.
According to the Ministry of education over a decade the family had not yet returned.
The children of these families has been placed so far in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, near the Gaza border, in which was the subject of heavy palestiinalaistulituksen.
He encouraged the children to study diligently and promised that "the safety and education of children are taken care of."
Israel and Hamas agreed to the so far existing ceasefire last Tuesday.
A cease-fire stopped the fighting immediately, but it did not bring the solution to many of the key questions, such as the Elimination of the requirement for Israeli and Egyptian blockade, Hamas and the Gaza Strip, the opening of air and sea freight again.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas, disarm and return the two captive Israeli soldier in the war of the fallen body.
The start of a new round of indirect negotiations, is expected in Egypt later this month.
Palestine and the UN estimates that the war has killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, including civilians, and at least three-fourths of the 494 was children.
Israel has had a different opinion on the number of dead. According to it, at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it did not have solid evidence for this.
On the Israeli side, and six civilians died in 66 soldiers, among whom were, inter alia, a Thai worker.
Hamas and other Gaza soldiers fired rockets and grenades in battles with the Israeli towns of 591 4, mostly in the South.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, was carried out by more than 5 000 air strikes and attack.
Israeli attacks in Gaza, damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, and an estimated 250 000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 United Nations maintain the school, which had been temporary under roofs.
Tens of thousands of people while still in the shelter and the fighting continues, school officials moved the school to the start of the previous week.
"I hope that the school will open soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and, just as the Jews of the children," said a resident of the Gaza Strip in the school, protected from the 13-year-old Mohammad ' Amara.
According to a commonly used indicator of house prices have risen the most in seven years in the Australian winter months.
In the Australian capital's housing prices to a lessening of the Hedonic housing price of RP CoreLogic Data index rose 1.1 percent in August, the data showed RP:n on Monday.
With the rise in June, July and August the rise in prices was a total of 4.2%, more than in the same months after 2007.
The annual price rise was 10.9 percent, which is more than twice as many as during the 12 months prior to August 2013, but the prices have not risen evenly around the country.
RP Data Research Director Tim Lawless, according to Sydney and Melbourne, are the price surge at the top.
RP data, the results show that house prices rose in Sydney and Melbourne 11.7% 16.1% in the previous year.
Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, and the housing market are the next busiest; the rise in the average is between five and six percent.
The weakest housing markets are in Canberra, where prices rose just 1.4 percent a year, the Government's spending cuts as a result.
Lawless, according to Australia, the number of homes available for sale in the spring for more started in the next few months, which is the true test of the housing market.
"When you take into account the rise in sales of housing allowances, generally lively sales pace, and the continuing low interest rate level, it is likely that housing prices will continue to rise in the next three months," Lawless said.
The new Museum has pulled in record audiences of Gösta Mänttään
The new Museum and fine art are drawn record audiences this summer, Mänttään.
Serlachius Fine Arts Museum houses by the end of August, visited by more than 70 000 guests online.
The new Museum opened in June, and Gösta-featured there has been, among other things, the works of the classic pop art Andy Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
Mänttä Art Festival, on the other hand, reported on Monday that a visitor record when the Wait event was seen by 14 500 people attended this summer.
These figures are not used to seeing.
The crowd is the lapannut leader of the doors and the Windows, "says Pauli Sivonen Serlachius Museum.
S estimates that throughout the year, the number of visitors to museums this year, comes to the Serlachius-lähentelemään per 100,000.
In previous years, visitors have been around 40, 000.
In the middle of the Tampere and Jyväskylä, Mänttä-Vilppulassa is approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
The Museum's new Director, Sivonen points out that the museums are always unfolding phenomena.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
It is to be hoped that this will continue well into the summer season in Mänttä art over.
In the fall, the art museum to open new exhibitions.
Police are investigating the theft of the four in the last few days in Kajaani.
On Sunday evening, the Nordic region's commercial property was broken into by breaking a window.
The author had received cash from the plane, according to a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday, the Syväojankadulla had stolen a truck from the tank of fuel.
Petäisenniskan Marina, on the other hand, between Sunday and Monday, the boat had been taken from the track.
Rowing boat was Kalapalta-character in the exterior light and inside kellertevä.
Sisälaidassa read out the cam on the side of the text in the "GOOD".
A couple of suspects steal police could already get kiinnikin.
On Sunday evening the T was broken into on the road the Creek commercial property.
A police dog was awarded the track and a twenty-something paltamolaismies was found in the forest for a tree hiding underneath.
On Monday, the police was caught by Mieslahti, another man who is suspected of also guilty of the same breakthrough.
Lost In the indictment brought the murder of amphetamine
Less than 10 grams of amphetamine, the disappearance of the batch brought the murder indictment in 1977, allocate to the kajaanilaismiehelle.
According to the Prosecutor, the man had gone to a spouse and another man in the apartment and shot with a shotgun, the holder of the suspected drug exporter to homeowners, the 34-year-old kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the accusation and argued with another man that was ampujaksi.
The case came to the attention of the police, when a police patrol stopped the car, which had been retained was the burning of the blood work, used clothing.
In addition, the car was found burned clothing riekaleiden off with a shotgun.
In the kainuu District Court to give judgment in the case at a later date.
August was unusually warm in many places.
According to the Meteorological Institute as warm August continues at an average of once in ten years.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal in the whole country.
Most parts of the country the deviation was one to two degrees Celsius.
In July and August because of the hot weather throughout the summer, came the usual warmer.
Throughout the summer the highest temperature was measured in the first week of August in the city of Pori, which was 32.8 degrees Celsius.
Lenny Henry says: my father never hugged me.
He never said that he loves me
Henry was born in Manchester, Connecticut, into a family of immigrants from Jamaica and Dudleyssa in the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory and killed Henry was 19 years old. The son and the father's relationship was remote.
Rudy's Rare Records, Henry is currently practicing for komediashow'ta, which is based in part on his father with an imaginary conversation and that is developed on the basis of the Radio 4 series of the channel.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and the Group's forays into rock, upbeat pace.
Henry has had to go through the painful childhood memories.
He has been in therapy for several times after the death of his mother, and he is considering a lot of his relationship with his father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face never showed up, only the voice said: stop the fuss.
Leave your sister alone.
Go to!
I think now cricket.
The older brother, Seymour, and Hilton, who were already adults when I was a kid, I went with the father in the pub and discussed, for instance, a pint of beer, the shape or the cricket space of beauty.
I never talked with him on the issues.
Most of my life, he was the man in the corner, reading it to me join IIK, the newspaper.
Henry opened recently metallinsulattamon Dudleyssa and got this idea of what it must have been his father's life, even though the working conditions are now better than at that time.
Foundries today are a little brighter but they are, in practice, the dark, savuisia, labyrinttimaisia, syöksähtelee, with depths of the flames and the smoke and soot that bring to mind the Tuonela.
The father used to go to take a bath in the tub and just lie, and slowly he began to sing to herself, washing his dirt off the alexandrovsky gun Foundry itself.
I walked around the alexandrovsky gun foundry, I understood that he had made it to work for years in order to obtain for us the food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite Henry's childhood was missing parents offered by proximity.
My father never hugged or never said that he loves me.
Only when my mother began to sairastella shortly before his death, that we began to recite to each other and love each other.
A member of James ' coven is the daughter of Billie Dawn French, and through your own child, he has been able to share the love that her missing child.
Whether you need a full time toisteltava "I love you"?
Stop it now already it hugging!
Dad, I'm 22!
Dawn French, too.
Why can't we be friends?
He is an awesome mom
Henry is still a great friend of the French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why did Dawn and I we would be friends?
He is an awesome mom.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the causes that led to the death of the mother.
When I began to suffer from symptoms of obesity and diabetes, the rich-my doctor told me to do a u-turn.
After that I started to work out a lot, and I had to also start a tough diet to reduce symptoms.
It is very difficult to
and boring.
No one will enjoy eating carrots.
Henry's well-known, short Beard during his transformation from career development, perhaps the image.
After receiving critical acclaim for his portrayal of a lot of good feedback from the Othellona he is preoccupied with the theater in the making.
Next in line were the Fences by August Wilson's comedy of errors and ("Fences").
Theatre reservation offers a different experience than sitcomit and comedies, of which Henry has done the whole of a busy period of his career.
Henry began in the area when he was only 16 years old factory worker.
One disc jockey noticed her on stage doing the imitaatioita and was contacted by the New Faces-the ability to contest.
Henry's tv career began in the mid 70 's. "For quite a long time, I was watching tv, the only black in the Impressionist and comedian," he says.
Henry learned in doing the work.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn how to produce the jokes on a conveyor from 1975 to 1985, while the body of stardom and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny's New Faces-the ability to race in 1975
Henry's Manager, was on the stage rights to The Black and White Minstrel Show, light entertainment programme in which individuals appeared in the dark skinned meikattuina, so Henry ended up become a programme for a period of five years.
My family didn't like it.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never take part in it, but I do not regret it.
Although the drive was a strange and objectionable, I got to do some work for the big events and I learned how the audience will be treated.
Still, "the British-tv's award-winning, a perennial favorite, and a light entertainment program" was, at the same time, "a grotesque parody of the blacks of the people".
Henry worked in the 80 's, as well as another comedy series, which was spoiling the admired black British culture.
The Lenny Henry show, the first episode aired in 1984, and in the 90 's, Henry was known for, among other things, the hahmostaan chef Gareth Blacklockina comedy series Chef!
Henry spent the next ten years the ads, documentaries, tv series and film parts, but To the LennyHenry.tv series, in 2008, after he said to himself: "what are you going to be next, Len – now it seems that the pedal just stand still or you walk on the page track."
Next in line was a Radio 4 documentary series "what's So Great About ...?".
The first part dealt with Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It does not actually taught to us in school properly, and I think it belonged to the white middle class, which uses the pantyhose and having money.
Therefore, the Shakespeare-topic evoked fear.
All persons in the program haastattelemamme – Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench – said to me: "Please try.
Don't dismiss the whole idea before you know what you're talking about.
Tapaile of words and you will understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said the last 20 lines of the speech for the document by Othello wasn't doing and he was sold.
I felt that I am able to do this.
It felt almost like a part of me would have intervened in the past, and now it was put into place.
"Here it is, this is important, so take it seriously, learn how to säkeesi, do a little background research.
Therefore, the training process was a tough one, and I read a play for months before it was carried out.
The pageant was ultimately a success.
It apparently was expected to fail, but that is not quite the case.
Shortly after Henry starred in a comedy of errors.
All of a sudden, and I played the British National Theatre really could not believe it to be true.
At one point I was reminded of this idea: "Oops, you've changed."
Once in the play had technical problems, and Henry felt that his job was to entertain the audience.
"The little voice in the back of my mind told me: ' you have to make do with 10 minutes alone until the computer working again. '' ”
Instead, the pilot's Assistant, announced that the presentation will be continued as soon as the problem is corrected.
I walked out of the scene, and part of me sighed with relief.
It is not my duty,
I leave it to others to deal with.
"You're a part of the spectacle, stay in your"
Henry "Fences" revival of the Duchess Theatre
Interaction between the learning of words "Fences" – the play was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes a person into a more sustainable one.
Again, the play was well received, so it was kind of like a sign from the gods; "This is what you need to do."
This, of course, Henry says KUMEALLA voice.
Therefore, I decided to stick to this.
I love this job.
I love the rehearsal rooms.
Henry, however, is still basically a comedian: small sense of humour constantly interrupt the debate for his imitaatiosta the chicks when changing from one to another.
Stand up comedy the abstinence is will get immediate praise from an unknown question, because the public seems to be dangerous.
If you thirst for it constantly, it can lead to a deadlock.
I spend a lot of time at the Apollo Theatre, at times when you feel like it, but generally speaking, it is no longer excite me the same way as before.
I ask Henryltä whether he no longer go out to new stand-up tour.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together in the pilot, which will help to shape all the way from the beginning, middle and end, and I do not think that I would never give up the feeling.
This, then, is his new jälleensyntymisensä?
I think so.
I like the acting in the play –
It is really fun.
Näytellessä explains the continuous story, and in that role I feel comfortable.
I love the stories.
People love stories.
Kenya will draw up a register of officials in order to remove "ghost workers"
Kenya has begun to establish a biometric register of officials in an attempt to remove "ghost workers" the Government payroll lists.
The employees, who do not come forward to register for the next two weeks, the Government should no longer pay, not release.
The Government suspects that thousands are still being paid salary after leaving their official duties.
President, Uhuru Kenyatta, promised to root out corruption in the public sector since taking office to Office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit, the "ghost workers" in wages and other abuses took in at least $ 1 million.
The Government suspects that the wages will be paid to the account, even after the person has died or left the BBC's Wanyama Chebusiri official mission reports from Nairobi, the capital.
All officials must inform himself on the register in the following weeks the identification centres in order to ensure that their data will be stored in the registration form, was told of the Government's biometrisessä release.
According to the bulletin, all of which will leave this undone without a proper reason, removed the pay lists.
"This measure streamlines the public sector significantly, because it is defined by how many people actually work in Office. In addition to this the Government payroll are cleansed on both levels. I settled on "ghost workers" the problem, "says Anne Waiguru, decentralization and Planning Department of the Cabinet of the official.
Seinäjoki 2015 profit may remain, unless the EUR 25.5 million deficit the city adjust its activities and development in a tense economic situation.
On the basis of preparation of the budget for the current year, kate is falling behind around 9.4 million deficit.
The extent of the potential efficiency and level of services as were haggling, as well as the purchase of services, property sales and grants and tax and fee revenues increase.
Investment of EUR 10 million for the qualifying target for full size is 8.5 million.
The situation is not in store for the relief.
The new tax revenues to the municipalities obligations, lack of growth, increasing unemployment and undermining prospects for a five-percent cut in State contributions even further.
The economic purpose of the seminar is to look for new ways to balance the economy.
The City Government has agreed that savings must be achieved.
The ship is to be translated into objective strategy, says Chairman of the Board of the city of David H.
The city government returned the proposals still have to complete the management team.
The basis for the preparation of the budget proposals of the Government of the city are the Board of Governors of the economic seminar on Monday, Framissa 8. September.
The Board of Governors after the budget proposal, the seminar progresses in reading through the City Government and the City Council.
Dozens of turkkilaispoliisit arrested on suspicion of "mimicking" against the Government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "intrigues against the Government," local media sources tell.
The police did not comment on the delay.
According to the Hurriyet Daily News magazine among those arrested was a 14 high police officials.
Part of the police officers was in connection with a corruption investigation last December, which was the subject of government officials, a Government Minister in four.
In July, the number of police officers were arrested in Turkey, accused of a criminal organisation and monitoring of a wide mix of telephones.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who served as Prime Minister during that period), said the police action was part of islamistijohtaja Fethullah Gullenin him and the other in power against planned activity.
All the children are back to school in Ukraine
Most of the Ukrainian schools opened their doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This is a historically significant day for the families and the thousands of others, like Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk ukrainalaisvanhempien also took her daughter to the school.
At the same time, he told reporters that all schools in expectant are not opened up again, but he said he was committed to the defence of the land for future generations:
In September, the first day of ceremonies was not spent at each school.
In the whole of Ukraine is not peace.
We have to fight for peace.
In the whole of Ukraine, the size of the massive ukrainalaisrintaman will have to fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a teacher at Slavianskin school, where Yatsenyukin was the daughter of the visit, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will return here at last, and that children are able to get the kind of learning, which is giving them benefits in the future.
The first school day celebrations are traditionally a children's monogrammed shirts, balloons and flowers to the teachers.
In Texas, Perry was unauthorized by the blasphemous twiitti
Texas Governor Rick Perry, sent a Twitter account set out in the fire Sunday evening in the middle of the image blasphemous Democrats district lawyer consults the abuse allegations.
Tweetti was removed later, and it was followed by a new tweetti, where Perry swore that he does not have anything to do with the image.
Tweetti was sent to an unauthorized account.
"I do not accept the tweettiä and I have removed it," in a later publication, said.
Perry's troops did not immediately responded to the requests for clarification of the background.
Even though the Tweets were sent from the Twitter account, as set out in Mr Perry, it is unclear who the picture was released.
The first twiitti contained the insulting cartoons picture of Travis County Attorney, Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry Lehmbergin, when this funding was blocked by the authorities, refused to resign, which led to a jury convened in Austin this month, Perry is facing charges. Perry is a potential candidate for the presidential elections in the year 2016.
By opting into AUTOSHARE, the title was: "I always ride drunk, three times the permitted blood alcohol levels at higher volumes in. .. But when that happens, I blame the Governor Perry the demonstration of your finger ".
I am the Texas hop from Democrat.
Lehmbergin, the Agency has not led to much research into jury against Perry.
The research took care of Michael McCrum, San Antioniossa are erikoissyyttäjä by a Republican judge ordered the task.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the accusations a political juoneksi.
His influential legal team has asked a judge to dismiss the issue of accusations and said that the law, on the basis of which the Texas Governor has been in Office, is accused of being the longest Constitution against the mirror blurry.
Perry has cut $ 7.5 million in State aid to public or non-infringement with regard to the State Department, which operates the Travis County and managed by the public sector, when accusations Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision was left to the formal complaint on the matter went no further monitoring group.
Perry confirmed the Twitter account will be updated on a regular basis – and sometimes also famously.
After reaching the fifth election meeting in Iowa for the 2012 presidential election campaign during the Perry uhosi closure of the tie by posting a picture of himself on Twitter a jog on the Lake, the text "here we come, South Carolina!" sauce.
According to Berkeley's housing market is again in "normal"
One of London's most important building contractors in the South-East of England has warned that the housing market is "returned" to a normal activity level.
The capital city of London's housing has been plagued by huge demand and steep price rise while the credit bubble is the dreaded widespread, what made the Bank of England to set constraints on the housing loans in June.
To ensure a high level of promoter Tony Pidgley, Berkeley's founder and Chairman, said on Monday that "in the current economic market and the number of transactions since the beginning of the year are returned to normal after the peak in 2013," and added that this has been made possible by "stable environment".
The London housing market went very well during the recession to foreign investors flocking to the capital.
According to data from the land registry House prices only increased by 18.5 percent in the previous year and exceeded the average for England and Wales so far, which was 6.7 percent.
The Berkeley private, affordable and student buildings in average sales prices increased by about a fifth in the last year, gaining 423 million-pound rise in prices by the end of April.
Strengthened the pound has, however, made in the London property, less attractive in recent months have also contributed to the new part of the interest in property tax laws and the political rhetoric on a possible "mansion tax" before the may yleisvaaleja.
London-based estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the April housing loan report, where it was reported to the stricter lending rules would lead to a lower level of market growth, as well as the sale of real estate in terms of quantities and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England, fresh data showed on Monday that the number of loans approved fell in July, suggesting the cooling in the housing market.
Real estate agent Hamptons International has lowered the forecast for the year 2015, the London real estate prices. According to it, the prices will drop by three percent because the prices index for measuring the homeowners opinion has already begun to wane.
The number of trades on the London the most expensive areas in Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington has dropped in the third quarter a year ago, a real estate agent WA Ellis says.
Demand for homes in the capital, however, is a boon to Berkeleylle, which were boosted by income from property sold over 2.2 billion pound.
Pidgley added that "well planned, right, the demand for the product in the best locations has remained stable, and, consequently, sales have remained brisk".
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3 742 new home April the previous year. This is almost one-third more than the economic crisis that preceded the peak in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profits rose 40 per cent of the calculated years ago thus 380 million pounds and sales rose 18 percent to 1.6 billion dollars.
Pidgley told reporters Monday before the company's earnings this year, the annual meeting of the Berkeley match current market expectations.
Analysts agree that full-year profit before taxes is 450 million pounds.
At Berkeley, the stock sold off in the afternoon on the London Stock Exchange at a price of £ 23.96 evenly.
A hacker leaked nude pictures of Jennifer Lawrence in a network
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at 85. the annual Academy Awards-the awards ceremony.
A hacker who claims to hold one hundred inter star pictures leaked to the Oscar-actress Jennifer Lawrence nakukuvia the Internet.
The hunger games-star representative confirmed that the photos are genuine and condemned the hacker's "shameless violation of privacy".
The authorities have been contacted, and all who publish Jennifer Lawrence for the stolen pictures, will be receiving the allegations.
The pictures originally released on 4chan image publishing page, were apparently ended up in the wrong hands because of the weakness of the iCloud-storage system from Apple. A hundred other hacking is the subject of the star item is claimed to be the dozens of other female stars like Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed told reporters.
It is not known how much of the images is authentic, although Scott Pilgrim versus the world star Winstead condemned hacking Twitter.
"For those who watch me and my husband in the privacy of our home many years ago in images taken by: hope you have a good mind," Winstead twiittasi.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly" and "Victorious"-series, however, denied the authenticity of the pictures, however, Victoria Justice and twiittasi, that "these so-called nudes of me are fake, do you not understand".
Let me do this for the rest of the bud.
BuzzFeedin announced late Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande's representative denied the authenticity of the images of the stars.
Only we revealed an excerpt from Howard Jacobson's praise for the novel, which tells the story of four new love and j-s "
They described the progress that has been made, it is best liukenivat, gradually they came off each other than out in the rain missed the cardboard box.
Just then he heard a woman, that it was too serious, arduous, intense, has distanced itself, and perhaps also a little prickly.
Then he waved.
He identified the spiky.
Yes, he was prickly, like a hedgehog.
His best distinguishing character between the latest victim was in the early stages had a relationship, which had, however, been promising; had seemed that this relationship would have been able to ease his lonesome to tylsyyttään, and it would perhaps have been able to bring to his life even in some content.
Ailinn Solomonsilla had kesyttämättömät hair, and he had the delicate delicate beauty with a heart in the northern village of iloluontoisella, which was still in the more prosaic, and the further away from everything like a Port Reuben.
He had come to the South of the parent cell with a partner, which was assumed by his aunt, Kevern. The aunt had inherited the House, which was located in the humid but the idyllic Valley, and the name of the Valley was apropos of Paradise Valley.
The House has been lived in one for years.
Pipes for bleeding, all the bathrooms had spiders, snails were the places with all left their mark on the Windows as her own, the garden grew the weeds, which resembled the giant cabbage heads.
The cottage was as a children's fairy tale, at the same time intimidating and magical garden full of secrets.
The writer's stories: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" has been nominated for the Man Booker literature prize in 2014.
Nominations shall be published in the next week
Kevern had sat hand-in-hand with the Ailinnin in the middle of the long Hay terrace, with broken chairs, enjoying a surprisingly warm, sunny afternoon, both listening to the receiver, through which the whole country so it is heard at the tyynnyttävää music and reassuring news when Ailinnin ristityt, solar ruskettamat your feet brought the Kevernin to mind the song, which was sung by long time ago forgotten black performer, and which his father had often listened to the cottage from the blinds down.
Your feet is too large.
Such songs were, in principle, be too aggressive and they played longer in the receiver.
They had not been banned – anything not actually been prohibited to them not only no longer played.
They wanted to leave to oblivion, such as yourself, the word unho lakin.
Public opinion was, what has not been achieved by laws and are designating: just as in the field of literature, the people chose to read the heroes memorabilia, cookbooks and romances, music for they prefer ballads.
The day began with the key in the fictional villiinnyttämänä Kevern piano and sings a Serenade for big feet koomisella Ailinnin the arrogant voice.
Ailinn did not understand.
"It was the jazz pianist Fats Waller's famous song," at the same time, Kevern told him and raised naturally in two fingers in front of their mouths.
Thus, his father was always done before the "j"-I had to bust out of her lips.
It had started the game with his father when he was between the small.
His father told the pelanneensa the same game on your own with her father.
If the devil get to your mouth, and you remembered the beginning of the word j:llä to raise two fingers to the front of your mouth, you had to pay a penny.
It wasn't very fun to play then, and it wasn't in it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that's all.
He was supposed to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of such a thing.
Jazziakaan was not, strictly speaking, been declared to be banned, it is not just played.
Improvisation was no longer in vogue.
Life had room for only one if the word.
The song begins, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
Nokkeluudelle had been in the same way.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And the jazz was the music through the smarts.
Although there had been a 10-year age by Kevern heard Sammy Davis Juniors, jazz music was to become to him his puolisalaisen through the CD-collection.
Well, at least he didn't have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account the age of the Ailinnin was the probability that he could not remember a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, there was no need for laws, rather than coercion.
Obedient society meant that each of its parts, with gratitude – gratitude, accepted the fact that they were like fortune and hours spared from – the principle according to which each group made it a natural things.
Temper and physical characteristics of afro-Caribbean ancestry of people best suited to entertain and play sports, so they sang and ran.
Originally from the Indian continent were those of naturally talented with electrical equipment, so that their task was to ensure that every family had a working phone, which was used in the business.
Those who were left in the Polish community, worked on the tube for men; the last of the Greeks broke the saucers.
When it HAPPENED, what happened, IF they came true, the Persian Gulf and the Middle East, whose grandparents were from had not fled quickly, for fear of being accused of roihahtamisesta and fearing the flames the flames that they would catch the next them, opened up the restaurants, which serve labneh-yogurt and burned to the water pipe, and continued their lives in the eyes of the Earth creatures and the boredom of discouragement.
Each working according to the size of their talents.
Ailinn had only heard the ballads, and he was difficult to understand how Kevernin just laulamat offensive words had never been become music.
The love expressed through the music.
"Do they not really offensive," Kevern said.
Except, perhaps, in the opinion of the isojalkaisten.
My father never hurt anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but abandoned in the garden, created an illusion of security.
None of the Word does not reduce the risk of giant kaalinpää plants to leaf through the sound insulation.
Ailinn is not yet understood.
Why does your dad loved to something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise two fingers to his lips, accompanied by the Ailinnin.
Ailinn considered him strange now.
"It was, in the opinion of the" father of the comical, "he said instead.
Ailinn shook his head in disbelief, and her hair covered Kevernin field of vision.
Does not change the things in the world than Ailinnin a huge, variksenmusta hair pehko.
Anything else he does not wish to see.
"If you say so," he said, but did not sound convinced.
It does not, however, explain why you sing it to me.
Ailinn appeared to be genuinely confused.
Whether or not my feet so big?
He looked at it again.
Do you need your feet really big.
Elastic gaiter that, perhaps, a little ...
And you, you hate me because of my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just a silly song.
He would have been able to say "I love you", but it was still too early for it.
"You are to me, because of the thick nilkkojesi, charming," he tried to correct the situation.
I have a warped sense.
This did not help.
She had liked it sounds like fun.
Often, when he wanted to think karaoke is fun, the effect was quite different, because of him, such as his isältäänkin, it lacked the compelling charm of the brutality with which you can manage the pacing.
Maybe his father had meant to be cruel.
Maybe he wanted to be the same, Kevern,.
Despite the gentle eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and rose from his chair and poured at the same time, the receiver and the terrace of the läikytti wine, which they had drunk.
This wine was made from only the elder flowers, so he could not access the törmäilyn cause.
Hermostuneisuudessaan, he seemed shaky, as the leaves of a Palm tree in a storm.
"And your head is in the thick of it, making me shouldering the allure in you," he said ...
Except that does not seem to me.
Kevern on behalf of their own, and was sorry for the Ailinnin, due to the cruel, unnecessary words that its because of the fear, which was reflected in the eyes of the moment when the Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Luuliko Ailinn that he will smite the?
She had never told Kevernille about life in the North of the archipelago of the cles and pedaled, where he had grown up, but in essence it Kevern was sure that there had been similar to that of life here too.
The same immense, glacial sea that aaltoili against them.
The same, though, after the tumultuous, men still have the kalpeammat and the pirullisemmat as a smuggler-and hajottajaisovanhempansa, roamed the pub public house, ready to hit every woman who would dare oppose or banter with them.
Thick in the head?
Still, he could see a thick fist, unless it would be careful!
Pussaamisesta was the first to become the most common Imuta male and female erotic encounters with a descriptive word; the receiver out of the tired, the antidote of love balladien-delivery system – imuta first, and then attacked.
Kevernin is of the opinion that even that was too much, because the imuttaminen itself was hateful.
Ailinn Solomonsin body language, urged him to leave.
He pulled himself up on the terrace of the Chair like an old man.
Ailinn also felt exhausted, but the depth of the Kevernin of grief surprised him.
No, this was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn was followed by him – just like his travel companions watched the Kevernin riddance upstairs window — a man who was actually the cause of heavy duty lives.
Adam leaving the garden, he mused.
He's an hour I feel sorry for the sense of Keverniä and men in General, even though some of them had raised his hand to smite him.
Backs turned, ashamed, bogged down with the beaten man, which had lost all will to fight – why he felt that the sight was so familiar to him, even if he does not, it should be remembered that not once in the past before this moment seen bullying?
When Ailinn Solomons was again alone, he looked at her feet.
Just a few years before the events described in the intelligent and eager, a 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked with general public opinion the ratio of private establishments, Ofnowissa, made a short survey on the continuation of violence in the country with a low level and in the regions, where the decline in violence, or even demise, was most likely taking into account the Elimination of money and energy.
"A lot has been done, and there is still much to be done," he wrote, "in order to pave over thousands of years have fought with and for the most part, in particular in the winning people's innate aggression, rejected and in remote corners of the globe, where the hedges, in spite of the Church's human towers, straddle the gentleness has rarely known.
Some of the things does not, however, impossible to remove completely.
The higher the Tower, the lower are the cravings.
The nation is crying sentimentaalisten balladien, you can find the stories of adversity and devours won vows of marriage and family life in the name of virtues, but at the same time, archaic in its grip as well as the rural communities to the brutality of the hellittämättömässä yhteisasuinalueita that are considered urban, and in addition, there is evidence of a new form, the will of the pahasieluisemmasta to our streets at home, in the workplace, the bickering, and even play in the parks.
"You have to have an unfortunate tendency to dramatize" his mentor commented after reading the entire report.
I would suggest that you are reading less novels.
Esme Nussbaum declined to gaze on to the ground.
In addition, I have to ask: are you an atheist?
"I believe that there is no need for me to answer that," Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme pleaded, still right not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
"I ask," Luther, Rabinowitz said, "because I am opposed to atheism, lesbian sexuality and feminism.
This is not maintained in the workplace bias.
We are open-minded society, servants.
Even if a certain type of hypersensitivity is, in itself, perfectly acceptable and respectable, it can sometimes lead to perverse results, to what you asked me.
You have obviously something against the Church – and what you call julmuudeksi or pahasieluisuudeksi, the other being the physical preservation of the energisyydeksi and usually are appointed by volume.
Our obsession with what HAPPENED, if it HAPPENED, as if it had happened today, if it actually occurred, destroying the fundamental vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked round Rabinowitzin spoke.
Rabinowitzin flamingonvaaleanpunainen on the back of the head with the help of the LED light was declared that the country already had shared the previous century Ofnow quarter or longer.
Smile in your family or neighborhood, the value of your partner, listen to ballads, visit musicals, use your phone, discuss, explain, listen, don't agree, ask for forgiveness.
Speaking is better than silence and Sung Word is better than written, but nothing beats the love.
"I understand very well what you want to say," Esme Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice when it was sure that his tutor had finished, "and I just want to say that we are not as efficient as we imagine ourselves to be increased.
I am worried that if we were not warned, we toistavamme the same mistakes, which originally led to what happened, IF it happened.
This time, however, we do not pour out hatred and epäluottamustamme others.
Luther Rabinowitz represented with their fingers on the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "the kuvaillessasi ' errors ', the acts to which the grandparents may have to do or not to do.
You go too far, also sanoessasi that they shed the ' others ' anger and distrust. "
You kaltaisessasi the should not have to remind you that when it comes to the understanding of the past, or the defence of the present, we are not talking about ' us ' or ' one of them '.
There was no ' us ' and ' the other '.
It was in the chaos of the time, that's all what we know.
"If we are all honest, in the chaos," Esme ventured to continue, "none of the society, the group will not be able to say she had a well.
I do not blame anyone.
What it was, was, was it good or bad.
Then it was then.
No need to talk about it any more – here we agree.
And just as it is unnecessary to distribute the accusations, also do not need to make adjustments, whether they are appropriate or not, and even if it were someone in a way to make them.
But what for, then the past is there, if it does not take a lesson-a-
The past is there, so we can forget about it.
If I may add one more thing-the
Luther Rabinowitz broke the pyramidinsa.
"I go through your report," he said and expressed that Esme had the time to go.
The next day, he went off to work as usual, he was hit on the pavement by a motorcyclist, riding rides at passers-by who described "pahasieluiseksi and raivoisaksi".
Coincidences happen.
Lesotho army to deny suunnitelleensa the shock; the Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
Lesotho military officials have banned the lavastaneensa Government syöksemiseen referred to the attack and said that they are working against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had piirittänyt in his official residence in the capital of Maserussa and invaded government buildings.
The head of State's trip with his family in neighboring South Africa after telling that has received a death threat.
An army representative Maj. Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said the army responded to this threat, which was derived from the "political fanaatikoilta". The police are said to have attempted to arm fanatics.
"The Lesotho defense forces took action after receiving a number of intelligence information indicating that some of the police forces of the entities are trying to arm young people party fanatics to cause problems for these is ready," he told the Voice of America News Bureau.
The South African Government, according to the army, the President's actions seemed revolutionary Clayson Monyelan company.
"Even though none of the parties have not argued in the kumonneensa the Government by force, the armed forces of Lesotho's actions seem to have all the hallmarks of the company responsible for the revolution," he says.
According to officials of the Lesotho army soldiers returning kasarmeilleen Sunday, and the capital was in a peaceful atmosphere.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister, Mothetjoa Metsing leads the Government in the absence of the Thabanen.
Thabane said the belief that is subject to such measures because he is trying to fight against corruption.
Lesotho has emerged in tension since June, when parliamentary sessions was interrupted by the great coalition Government of Thabane differences.
He denied that the Government in power, even though the väheksyneensä claims.
Trade journal: Microsoft set up a data center Los Angeles
The information technology business, Microsoft has set up a large data center location of Los Angeles in the place in which the company refuses to clarify.
Microsoft Media, posting to the bulletin, the company notes that it will tell all the datakeskuksiensa location for security reasons.
The Centre has a fully stocked, and according to Microsoft, already connected to the network.
It is Microsoft, with several hundreds of millions of dollars in investment.
In the public eye as the Centre had previously been much speculation in the Oulu or Kajaania.
Microsoft stop completely its Oulu Office, which takes up about 500 people in the workplace.
In all, Microsoft has announced layoffs of up to 1 050 jobs in Finland.
Microsoft's Director of communications, that the company says the Finnish News Bureau [STT] that Camilla Lindfors commented on how much of the staff for the new data center employs.
The data center establishment of Los Angeles told reporters Monday in a trade journal.
The man accused of the girl päälleajosta the traffic light at the intersection of the
the 78-years old man is accused of driving the traffic light at the intersection of the girl we found on Fifessä.
Formula one driving at the junction of Gordon on top of a girl accused of Pittenweenissä in Eastern Neukissa.
According to prosecutors, Stewart drove the Audi Q3-car unwisely and caused her injuries.
Anstrutherista from Stewart, 78, denied the charges against Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four tips for better underwater pictures and videos
If you want to take pictures or video from under the water, you have to choose from a number of different hardware options.
The cheapest alternative is water-resistant, compact point-and-shoot camera such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action-camera, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which cost about $ 300.
I took these photos myself, using several types of cameras, a family celebration, each of which cost less than $ 350.
The device, regardless of whether there are a few rules that you should follow.
Please check your device always twice.
Even if you have waterproof camera, make sure that the camera battery and other components is enclosed in a watertight manner.
In addition to the camera's settings to match the "what else do I need to place the description of the images or video.
In some cameras or camera and video camera compositions is a setting that allows a description of the circumstances of the optimized under water.
In addition, as you jump into the water, make sure – before, how deep your device can be exported.
Some cameras can withstand only a 5 foot depth, others up to 50-60 feet in depth.
Check out and purchase of our guide and digital cameras ranging from models to mix.
Take a series of photos – many of them will fail in some way.
Compact cameras have an LCD screen, which can be used to compose the image, while the action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under the water, and image compositing can either succeed or fail.
Take several pictures.
If your camera allows, in addition to haarukoinnin, which means taking multiple pictures at once with different settings, take advantage of this feature.
Stay close to the surface.
The light diminishes significantly deeper.
If possible, keep close to the surface when you're swimming in the pool, Lake or ocean.
In this way, you can get your photos even more colors; the deeper you go, the fewer colors will be displayed.
Try to get close to the display item.
This is an important tip on land for shooting, but the even more important under the water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important when you use action-camera: these devices is often a fixed lens with a wide angle of view, or a graph must be near the target, in order to fill the entire picture frames to the hilt.
China does not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders, the demonstrators vowed revenge –
China's Parliament decided on Sunday that the Hong Kong voters do not get to choose the candidates for the elections in the year 2017, demanding democratic reform in spite of the growing rauhattomuudesta.
The decision to give the business world in Hong Kong is likely to spark a block for a long time after the beginning of the user to design and implement Council (SLORC) was created after activists protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
In practice, the decision of the national people's Congress of China to give the Communists the weed out all candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it is still disturbing," says Democratic Party Chairman, lawmaker Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They have been lied to hongkongilaisille.
It is clear that we will act with the autocratic regime.
The Deputy Secretary-General of the Committee of the national people's Congress of China Li Fei defended the Administration, saying that China, as a candidate for Director General should be settling down in Hong Kong's role too "chaotic".
Since 1997, the United Kingdom, the disposal of Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised the people in the region, that it should not be allowed to choose for themselves their leader from 2017 onwards.
China's leaders, according to Sunday's decision was the democratic breakthrough, because it allows for the direct election of Hong Kong S.A.R. could vote, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control the electoral process through the Committee for the nomination of the tightly governed from Beijing.
The new expression that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong", will be adopted.
The decision of the preceding summer in Hong Kong took place in some of the area's largest and most attention to thoughtful protests in years.
It was largely on the back of the pro-democracy campaign, Occupy the Central With Love and the Peace Movement, which organizers have threatened to block the one block of the business world, if Beijing does not grant a genuine universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
On Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters gathered in the rain to the Central movement Occupy Hong Kong Central Administration for Geodesy in front of the buildings.
The demonstration, the organizers announced the move to the new movement, the movement of civil disobedience, and they would get the era at the time of the protest waves in the coming weeks.
They do not, however, been told details of the apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In a statement issued by the organizers said that the online business "to Occupy Central-the Rapture as a last resort, which will be introduced only if there is no hope of a dialogue and there is no other way."
We are very sorry to announce that today is the last chance for dialogue has fallen apart and the center of angling is going to happen.
Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing Declaration already within the number of days, and on Sunday were strict government between the close. There were, among others, the police and barricades.
In Hong Kong, the unrest is fueled by the many the feeling that residents are slowly losing their power in their home towns.
The Mainland arrivals in the wave is caused by competition for products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under the increasing pressure of Beijing.
Some have criticized the Occupy the Central movement, because of its protests threaten Hong Kong's living conditions – in the business world.
"The protest, in which they speak, can lead to great economic loss, depending on how many people take part in it and how long does it take," says legislator Regina Ip, who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want the spreading concern that the Hong Kong S.A.R. is slipping into off otteestamme.
Such an image would be a bad investment.
China's State media has also presented stories, according to which Hong Kong's democracy activists are stooges of the Western powers, the weapons of the revolution ".
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on voting rights, which was attended by more than one-fifth of Hong Kong's people – 780 000 voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the area's largest demonstrations in favour of democracy.
The British universities in the United States, the tradition of the prom-strikes: new students yksityisjettejä
We're excited for the first class of British luxury travel demand in the shape of today's students.
The company offers yksityislentokoneen in addition to the other means of transport, such as Phantomin, Aston Martin, Rolls Royce or McLaren to P1, so that the customer can ensure the highest commitment to the arrival of the College.
According to Stewart's service is also dominating.
Service is the best possible option for students who would otherwise be raahaisivat their property across the country filled to the brim with children in the car.
When this is combined with the many features of the VIF-(VIP's), we are ready to offer to this day with the students as soon as possible an easy and high-quality transport to the University.
The company, according to a reservations agent has not yet come, because the service is newly created, but added that "the students begin to act on orders over the next few weeks."
The company believes that the service is in demand, though most students pay £ 9, 000, the number of annual fees.
To this day, the students are, from the point of view of their expectations and desires are very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, his studies have begun. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and VIF is exactly the right way to do it.
The national student organisation, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
According to the Vice-President of the Association, korkeakouluosion, Megan Dunn, "this service plan seems to be really far away, the majority of student life".
Many people on the boat, the cost of living in their studies this month will begin when the available financial support in the form of loans and grants, which are lagging behind the staggering rise in peruselinkustannusten. Until now, you can begin to think about where to find thousands of for use in such a simple matter as the campus entry.
The Ipswich "swine houses" for sale
Real estate agents in the sale of a house in Suffolk removed the sales picture, realizing that the picture in the House in the living room, lying on a big pig.
One bedroom including a House whose price is £ 120, 000, is located on a private road to the Ipswichissä.
The announcement was part of the picture in the living room, where a pig was leaning her head on the sofa.
Real estate agent, according to the image of a pig is the owner of Connellsin pets.
"The picture, however, ended up on the announcement by accident, and it has since been removed," a company representative says.
The notice describes the Connells even meeting houses ' unique one-bedroom house ".
Although the estate has removed the image of the Web site, it will still appear in the ads.
House sale has attracted the interest of social media, where there were questions of whether a pig in the House price.
Torres returns to the starting Area, Kagawa ManU:sta confirmed
Espanjalaishyökkääjä Fernando Torres Chelsea departure confirmed, but replacement stepped in almost at the same time the door's going to.
Chelsea announced a four-year contract ranskalaiskärki pestanneensa Remyn QPR:stä in the neighbouring churches. Loic
The purchase price is EUR 13 million, according to newspaper reports.
Torres, 30, will move to AC Milan on a two-year loan agreement.
He moved to Chelsea to Liverpool by the sum of the ennätyksellisellä £ 50 million four years ago, but never fulfilled expectations.
Shinji Kagawa japanilaispelaaja decision also came a failed tour to Manchester United.
Kagawa of Borussia Dortmund, is expected to return to the German Bundesliga, where he made his breakthrough before ManU-move.
According to press reports, the purchase price is approximately EUR 8 million.
Is a four-year contract, is fresh.
I wanted to make my dream come true in the Premier League.
For now I'm satisfied as I was while Dortmund man.
This is an awesome team and a wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
Another strength for Hertha Berlin, Salomon Kaloulla.
Herthaan maajoukkuehyökkääjä of the Ivory Coast moves to the French city of Lille, and the transfer amount is estimated to be around 3 million euros.
Before Lille Kalou, 29, played for the years 2006-12 in Chelsea.
The Paris apartment building blast in already eight dead
The number of deaths rose to eight on Monday in the aftermath of the explosion in a suburb of Paris, in the aftermath of the apartment house.
Rosny-sous-Bois suburb on Sunday, 262 crash injured 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are searching for the wreckage of the House in the elonjääneitä still slackened on Monday, but I would hope the discovery of survivors.
An explosion blamed on a gas leak is suspected in the preliminary.
The explosion occurred early on Sunday and was so powerful that it shook buildings more than a hundred yards in RADIUS.
Our whole House was moving: stood gazing at Holmes, out of fear.
The explosion was so powerful that our ears are ringing, "described the accident spot next door, a resident of Maryline Yyvon.
A nearby school was erected in the early Sunday, the emergency accommodation to house the residents.
Part of the Only life-stars introducing 17
Ceremony will be presented only in the life of the series stars.
The program stars gathered earlier in the day for the first time after the filming of the series.
Part of the tähtistä is in the early evening, the name of the database would be available on the Four Expo media channels on the tv at the fair.
On the occasion of the Fourth Media presents the efforts of dozens of box face syysohjelmistonsa
In the autumn of just life series are accompanied by Vesa-Matti Loiri, Samuli Edelmann, Paula koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, elastic and Toni Wirtanen.
Part of them is therefore the evening event and ISTV:n live on air on the spot.
The opportunity to start an Rejmanin Four media for the various channels of Sebastian autumn software introductions.
After the wizard ISTV:n, the camera group retrieves only the lives of stars for interviews.
The article has been updated: all the lives of the performers are not Only there for the evening ceremony.
According to the information that came with the opportunity to just start bringing a little delayed.
The broadcast did not appear at all on mobile devices.
Trinidad and Tobago taking on a player's HJK
Football European League weathered for HJK is gaining a new player from Trinidad and Tobago.
Country club W Connection FC, the HJK has made a loan agreement Joevin Jones.
Joevin Jones is a 23-year-old midfielder, who has made 55 W Connectionissa match of 28 goals.
Trinidad and Tobago national team, Jones has played in 35 games.
The transfer, according to the story told in the first Socawarriors-jalkapallosivuston Jones has been one of the TT Pro League tähtipelaajista the last two seasons.
W Connection-according to the Club, Jones travels to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian prison staff hold a national protest
Hundreds of prison workers around the capital city of Sofia to the Ministry of Justice of Bulgaria demonstrated in front of the hotel.
A peaceful demonstration they proclaimed their willingness to back to the old work rules, which were substantially amended recently.
Also the salary increases is to discuss with the interim Justice Minister, Ivan Ivanov, Hristo.
Prison officials are already in a month's time, protested against the new working time is, symbolically, that they want to go back to the old 24 hour rostering system.
The representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the prison workers ' organisation and the appointment, in spite of the issue did not result in agreement, the Bulgarian national radio (BNR) will tell you.
Talks are currently, the Director of the enforcement of judgments in the Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR:lle.
In a protest organized by the Organization of the prison workers are expected to join the workers ' Trade Union, also the Interior Ministry members.
Basketball: Fans of incentive in almost too much: Sasu Salin was a swoon on the field
Basketball victory today was the embodiment of the Finnish Sasu Salin.
He was able to forget the sysimustan USA-match in the second half and pinned the Ukrainian Bled, seisauttavilla solutions.
But the Gym moved all the glory of the Wolf to the fans-and did it with style:
I'm I almost fainted at the end of the field there, it's the incentive was so amazing.
But in the eyes of the own, unable to anything.
It's a racket and a white audience for the sea was almost too much for me.
Salin in power moments involve nine ticks at a rapid pace, the ball of the riistoja, the levyreitä and the acrobatic in every place where it took place.
I do not know how it happened, but I got into a flow, that all was successful.
They should be, but something really important sometimes, now in place, Joel hehkutteli.
It's my role.
To do all this.
Now, it was great to see that others got caught up in the plot.
It took the whole gang.
The Hall has a team of happy camper and the spirit of the creator, so it's no wonder that his example has brought the whole team flying off, which was a large and heavy-handed point until Ukraine too.
Finland in the World Cup in 32 years after a break: the previous was left to mind the outrageous to judge the game
Bags bearing the Hossam (right) was the head coach of Argentina in the World Cup tournament in 1982.
Has passed for 32 years, from when the Finnish men's national volleyball team played the last time the World Cup final tournament.
Seppo by Bissan was the only suomalaiskuvaajana in the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino kakkosvalmentajana and current player in Finland Kosonen had agent Hakeem yleispelaajana.
One thing to remember about the tournament and Jay KOSONEN as the day yesterday: it was the beginning of a block of the red-hot match against France.
"It's the match of the solution via the judge game was blatant," recalled Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled in the takaviivalle.
All of a sudden the game jatkettiinkin.
We lost it 2-3, and after that, the opposite of sex, "said sekosivat more P.
Finland played for head coach Richard Montosen heel and finished 17th.
Now Finland is again among the States of the world, when the Polish World Cup tournament will get you up and running today on Saturday.
Many of the keys have changed drastically in the international volleyball in 32 years.
Players in the power values are roughly in the same range as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
Also, the players ' average lengths have grown.
The game is faster, "mused P.
But how do you go in Poland?
The Finnish pelaajamateriaali is enlarged, and the strain is able to share.
I expect that Finland can be reached at the beginning of the block of the shortlist.
Then you can come to the already rigorous ", assesses Kosonen.
Seppo By Bissan
Olli Nenonen, Raine Juvonen and Savio were in the rubble in a winning match against Tunisia.
The current player-agent Hakeem was in the yleispelaajana tournament.
Let's hope that now the petrataan 17. ground.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down the drain, "said P.
Type the legend of kakkosvalmentajana, the national team of Argentina was Reino Kosonen.
John Savio, Dan Lacasse and Kari K, fanned Tunisia match.
Sauna and evening devotional Church of Buenos Aires were included in the national team program in the 1982 tournament.
K Kalin (right) stretched the team mates too.
The young star of the song contest finals held-not for profit in South Karelia
The young star-song competition finalist Steve Vento and Ravi T didn't contest the victory.
Other investment is not in the race for the publication.
A singing teacher Mary Immonen's competition has been popular.
It accumulates a good experience.
The finalists are still in competition for the songs.
Competition moments always remains fine memories, Immonen says.
Dog rescued from a mountain in Norway, Cita was excellent for my business needs. "these men deserve all the praise"
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were Thursday stranded in the mountains, in Tuomo Soini volunteered to assist, Antti and bravely.
Over the weekend, Mikkelsen, a search for "international Heroes" on Facebook, in order to thank the auttajiaan once again.
Mikkelsen told a public Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains had been the Cita-the dog was hurting tassunsa.
Injured dog unable to walk on steep terrain.
I tried to position its self down, but I failed, so I had to let it be.
I tried many times to attract and pull it forward a bit, but its feet are not just borne, Mikkelsen, write päivityksessään.
Mikkelsen, according to police, the nearby hotel does not help Patriots and not ohikulkijoilta.
Late in the evening, the situation started to look menacing.
Fortunately, the scene took place in the two vaeltajaa, who were willing to help: a Finnish Hedyeh and his father James.
The men were visited by the Norwegian on the highest mountain of the Galdhøpiggenillä and headed to a camp in place when they saw the woman and the dog in the middle of a mountain slope.
The situation in relation to comparatively (Mikkelsen) was peaceful.
We offered to help him with the dog, Hedyeh tells, in his message, the Ilta-Sanomat.
Soon the scene happened to come also in a German man, who had a tour of the mattress with him.
Mattress Citalle were on stretchers, which hurt the dog, such as drew.
Saksalaismies came on the scene moments after us, when we thought about what to do with the dog, and the dog in your lap for a moment borne down the slope, S says.
Photo: Tuomo Soini
The dog was brought down in the box by using the mattress to the dignified response.
Soini, according to performance was not physically heavy, but difficult terrain, carrying went slowly.
About an hour and a half later, however, the Cita has been happily all the way down.
After Mikkelsen search still on Facebook "international Heroes", in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soinit vastasivatkin saksalaismies to him on Sunday, but is apparently still in the tavoittamatta.
I don't know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen rejoices.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily be returned back.
I would like to find these people, because I feel like that I thanked them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all praise and glory, I am forever grateful to them.
The Monday night Soinit were already on their way home.
They had received the news from the Mikkelseniltä happy:-Cita reportedly can already better!
Susanna Mälkkiä kaupunginorkestarin ylikapellimestariksi presented to the Helsinki
Mälkin three-year cycle would begin in the fall of 2016 and will end in the spring of 2019.
The presentation also includes an option for two more season.
M started his career with sellistinä.
He is internationally known as a conductor, and was awarded the Pro Finlandia medal in 2011.
At the moment, the city was Chief conductor John Storgårds works for Orchestra.
The bold and the beautiful the bold and the beautiful-series returns today to the box after the summer break.
In the opening episode of the suggestive name raises questions.
Finland's all time most popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful to return to today's summer break.
The return episode is the name of the indirect reference to the "Oral if accompanied by good luck Eric."
The following section describes the pigeons cooing in the evening program description:
Eric and Donna discuss the family relationships, order syömäpuikkoruokaa, drinking white wine and reminisce about their love of history.
Eric is the faithful dress shirt-his style.
The color of the shirt, he has chosen the White Sun, which lilertää.
Ridge offers to Katie, when Brooke's and Bill's support for this relationship traumas.
Ridge is he not yet reached over their problems.
The Bill is Brookelassa in order to own a cross riitojaan.
Brooke did not like the fact that the man is out there trying to her back.
' I want Ridge, I to you, Bill. '
A genetic deviation is often incorrectly diagnosed
A British woman feared for years due to a death in the false diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought he was for most of the youth, that he only had a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with another ailment.
Honestly, he suffered from the disease's tooth from the Charcot-Marie-(CMT). It means the set of inherited diseases that damage the nerves outside the brain and spine.
According to the UK-the charity Charity CMT wrong diagnosis is a common problem with CMT-cases, as they are known so little.
According to estimates, approximately 23 000 people in the uk suffer from the symptoms of the disease, which causes CMT-motoriikassa, for example, muscle weakness, awkward gait, and toe kippuraisuutta.
The disease can also cause numbness or pain, and it is incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms worsen over time.
Rodgers was 13 years old, he thought he was suffering from Friedreich's ataksiaa (FA), which is the really poor survival rate.
Rodgers believed the victim in a wheelchair before he would die before they reach 18 and meet the 30 years of age.
Today, the 51-year-old mother of two, says that "as a child I knew I can do the same things as the other.
I fell on a daily basis and I have took everything longer than the other.
I could not ever rullaluistelemaan or rullalautailemaan with other children, and I teased at school, as I walked and ran in a different way than the other.
Rodgers was 13 years old he performed several cuts in the legs of the suoristamiseksi of the Achilles tendon. In the context of the doctor's surgeries, the departure of the information she glanced quickly at his research was said to be suffering from papereitaan, where the FA-disease.
"I felt guilty, because I was so curious, so I told anyone, but after I came home, I checked the information relating to the disease in the library and I wrote to the FA to the Association," he says.
When I got them a room, I was shocked and in a panic mode.
I thought I had to be in a wheelchair by the age of 18 and was going to die before I täyttäisin 25, and then I'd lose all my ability in between the action slowly.
I went through this myself, and I designed my own hautajaiseni.
Rodgers explains that by the age of 17, he said that his kävelynsä had not deteriorated as much as he had thought, and asked their doctor about this.
The doctor just hugged me and said, "girl, sweetie, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise you would have already in a wheelchair".
I think that you are suffering from something considerably less dangerous disease.
On the basis of some genetic tests he was diagnosed with CMT disease.
"When it was explained to me what the disease is, I thought of the CMT-lykästäneen to me," he says.
The charity arranged by CMT-CMT UK-for a month to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred settlers found coal wagon in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have discovered more than 100 illegal immigrants in the country, the Ministry of Interior which ran aground off the coals in the train, told reporters on Monday.
Stowaways were mostly Syrians and Iraqis refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were discovered late Sunday Velesistä in Central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with them, for the most part.
They knew not where are what came from and where you are going, "said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, the colonists had paid around 3 000 euros each to get to Greece, and still more in order to reach the 800-900 euros to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants passing through Macedonia on his way to a couple of million inhabitants, rich Western Europe.
The bloody civil war have fled Syria for three million people.
The guardian: Franz Ferdinand, the Scottish independence support and Mogwai
Alternative rock groups Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai are joined by supporters of Scottish independence.
According to the Guardian newspaper groups in Edinburgh, starring in a couple of weeks prior to the concert, which will support the independence project.
A referendum on independence for Scotland, 18. September.
In a statement, said that the vote is Mogwai skoteille opportunity, which happens on only once in your life.
In the past, among other things, the actor Sean Connery has given its support for independence.
Instead, for example, the British stars Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to Scottish to remain part of Britain.
Gallupeissa of independence supporters have been at a loss.
The Department's difficulties continued in the middle of summer-home news-Ilta-Sanomat
The Department store Division's trade also continued to decline in July, says the Grocery Association.
According to a department store and hypermarketketjujen's turnover in July, lower than the 3.2 percent years ago.
The worst hit is the takunnut of home and leisure products, whose sales dropped more than seven percent from a year earlier.
Also, the dress sold less than the previous products were clearly in the summer.
Value of retail sales in July from a year earlier, on the other hand, grew by nearly three percent.
Most of the increased sales of small stores and large supermarkets.
Throughout the first half of the year, namely, in the January-July period, the turnover of department stores and hypermarkets has shrunk by more than two percent.
Grocery sales, on the other hand, has grown by almost 1%.
Joan Rivers family, "hoping for the best"
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since he was brought to a hospital in New York City, but her daughter was yesterday hopeful that the 81-year-old comedian will improve their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was brought to the Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday due to a cardiac arrest. According to sources, then treatment of the place, the Upper East side, Yorkville Endoscopy clinic announced the emergency hospital.
Doctors consider him deliberately to rauhoitettuna drugs and following his condition closely, until his condition is currently serious again stable.
The incident has caused a reaction from the audience, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support to the network.
AREVA-Siemens: Olkiluoto third reactor will be completed by mid-2016
AREVA has supplied the industry Power owns the Olkiluoto 3 updated schedule.
The recent delays in the project, according to Areva in the bulletin are due mainly to the fact that the reactor automation is applied for approval.
The project is already years behind schedule.
TVO has not issued any estimate of the completion of the reactor in may for third time.
Bottakselle 1.4-acre plot of land donated by the beach, Waterdown-the value of about 60,000 euros
Nastola municipal government donated to the formula one racing driver Valtteri Bottakselle 1.4-acre plot of land in the Kärkjärven Beach, Villähteeltä beach.
The Municipal Government showed a fair sports and was unanimous.
Gravel tones was not part of the meeting, it was decided that the head of the plot, says Lasantha.
Bottas gift is in the grounds of the farm buildings-all seven pieces.
Staff unload them yet this year, with the exception of one off.
Bottas has promised to build the plot within two years, free-time dwelling.
We've taken that he has enjoyed the synnyinpitäjässään and wants to be the future here.
Katie has been visited annually by primary schools to tell sport of his career and his life.
And, I hope, will continue, the mayor says.
The Mayor thinks it won't be long before the beach plot of land to the 40,000-60,000 euros.
The beach is shallow and child-friendly.
The area has been owned by the municipality of more than ten years.
Nastola is decades in the sport, with varying degrees of success have been successful in using the gift of land.
Javelin world champion Aki Parviainen and aerobics world champion Ayyub s got omakotitontit and built the magnificent houses.
They do not, however, remained at the Factory, but sold the property and moved away.
P and Matin salon came to be constructed in Nastola, work and life situation has changed, then moved elsewhere.
Bottas is a metal band from Finland, and his situation is different from the native, Syyrakki inches, and believes his permanent home Bottas.
Hull signed striker Hernandez to a club record sum
The Premier League club Hull invested a club record sum for the Uruguay national team man Abel Hernandez acquisition.
Hernandez replaced Hulliin italialaisseura, from Palermo to 9.5 million pounds, or approximately EUR 12 million.
Is a three-year contract.
Hernandez was hit last season with 14 goals, while Palermo won Serie B in the Italian League and rose.
Uruguay national team, he has made seven goals in 14 matches.
Last summer's World Cup finals in two of the substitutes in the match came from Hernandez.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in such a short space of time, "said Hull coach Steve Bruce.
On Monday, the captain of the national team that he has acquired in Senegal told Hull Mohamed Diamen West Ham became a vital.
The Russian failed to avaruuskoe-sex trip sent geckos died
Russian space to multiply by five little gekkoa are dead, says the space agency of the Russian Federation, Roscosmos statement.
The satellite Foton-M4-geckos were perched on over a year and a half months.
The satellite returned to Earth Monday morning Pacific time.
The purpose of the experiment was to study the reproductive capacity of gekkojen and use of weightlessness.
The experiment took part in one of the urosgekko, and four females.
Although the experience sounds extraordinary, its purpose was serious.
For example, on the effects of weightlessness on the development of the gekkojen eggs are known to only a little bit.
The impact on Gekkoihin can be used to try to predict what effects this would have on man painottomuudella arising out of the longer periods of time in a similar mode, exemplified by the New Statesman in July.
Roscosmoksen according to the gekkojen date of death and cause of death or causes is settled.
According to the news agency on the fax to "seksigekoiksi" ristityt travelers got frozen.
Yllätyksellisyydestä also tells it, that same Foton-M4 's from our trip to the fruit flies survived the ride traveled between vaivoitta, and also got the second growth.
The airport in Nice, France arrested terroristiepäillyn
France arrested the man suspected of terrorism to Nice airport on Saturday.
the 22-year-old man suspected to have acted in Syria to work jihadistiryhmän rekrytoijana.
The French authorities have informed the matter on Sunday.
Authorities were able to overtake the man after this had attracted money at 16 years old girls to go to Syria.
The girl was scheduled to fly to Turkey and crosses from the Syrian border.
The airline did not believe the girl's explanation that he was going to visit Istanbul resident alerted the authorities, but the grandmother.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was completely unaware of her daughter's intentions and told authorities that the family is not related to Turkey.
The man is a native of Chechnya, according to the authorities, but she now lives in France.
French intelligence authorities had followed the man's actions in the past.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that Iraq or the Syrian wars attracted to radical young people constitute a safety hazard also in France.
Authorities estimate that about 800 French citizens or registered in France is the last traveled to Syria, returned during the conflict or is currently planning the departure of Syria.
K: we have a good chance of victory
National basketball team in the hopes of further on are in the game, while Finland faces today in the second match of the World Cup, Ukraine.
If the opening loss to the United States was expected, is part of the Ukraine, on the other hand, in those countries where the necessary follow-up should take place in Finland in the profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, Petteri Koponen anticipates.
In the first match of the World Cup on Saturday Ukraine beat the Dominican Republic's 72-62.
Teams coached by NBA veteran Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine play aggressive basketball.
An important member of Ukraine's game Director Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is 100 meters world champion three years ago.
Dominican Republic against Jeter tossed in 16 points.
Pooh Jeter fast dude, but, Yes, we are being played out against the kind of before and we need to get our standard defense in order, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland plays better than yesterday's tappiossaan to the United States.
We need to find their own strengths again.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as normal wolves, Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars, the alleged nakukuvat spread on the Internet-part of the verified genuine
The Internet spreads a bunch of naked pictures, which allegedly represents the well-known public figures.
To, inter alia, the actress Jennifer Lawrence is a victim of the "nakukuvakampanjan" of the victim.
Entertainment site TMZ has released an angry comment by Lawrence representatives to confirm the authenticity of the images, which seem to.
This is a blatant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes the (Internet) Jennifer Lawrence in the stolen pictures, will be prosecuting, agents threaten.
According to TMZ, actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread the photos are authentic.
He had taken the photos years ago with her husband.
When I know that those images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what a chilling effort to this end was seen.
I feel compassion toward all who were the victim of hacking, he writes, according to the Web site.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says its own name which images may be counterfeit.
Authentic or fake naked pictures of Kate Uptonista is on the move at least, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grande, Hope Solo, Krysten for Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmer.
Honka goalkeeper criticised apt: "do not do enough work to ensure that access to out of here"
The football club FC Honka of Veikkausliiga is currently in last place.
Goaltender Walter Viitalan's comments on the Sunday after the match, describing the VPS-very confusing situation of the Club.
I do not have the four months have been maalivahtivalmentajaa.
But all must adapt, "which ended in the defeat of 1-2-V said after the fight.
In particular, the first half-time in a match against FC Honka made a lot of defensive mistakes.
The goalkeeper was not playing bad defense pleased with V.
Pelaajaliikenne is the Hongassa visited this summer at a brisk pace, and for that reason also, the defenders in front of the Viitalan have changed quickly.
Pelaajaruletin also a lot of young players have enjoyed the opportunities that they may not even deserve.
"Part of is not doing enough work to ensure that access is sometimes out of here", without naming anybody, individual players V snorted.
To some extent, Barclays was the head coach of hongan, agree with Viitalan.
"I said after the game, some players, that if you come to the rehearsals and games to have fun and think you are veikkausliigapelaaja, and need to do some work, then you're probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given for many young people the game time.
If they don't want to take it to a place and to use the opportunity, so it's not my fault.
However, it was also recalled that the players Kuqi can expect immediate success when the game the guys keep changing constantly.
This season has not been the same, the composition of two times in a row.
Especially the Defense away from the crowd has changed.
It is the main reason why we are in this position, "Kuqi said.
Honka is a VPS-after the defeat of the series jumbona, with the second to last of the equality of points in the Tps.
Betting League is still seven rounds, so espoolaisilla is still time to avoid relegation from 10th.
I have never tiputtanut teams, and I'm not going to drop now.
We are not going to really bust out this series, "goalkeeper V uhosi.
Lars von Trier doing decades after a break in the tv-series
Film director Lars von Trier intends to return to the tv series as a factor.
Tanskalaisohjaaja is working on a tv series called The House That Jack Built.
The series producer for the films, worked on the project, told the Trier Louise Vesth today on Monday, the Venice Film Festival.
The production company Zentropan, according to the bulletin, the series filming should begin in 2016.
Trier explains the priority in the work of this autumn series, starting with the manuscript.
The series is in English.
The mysterious project tells the bulletin also trier of long-time collaborator, producer Peter Aalbæk hard sales speeches known as the Jensen.
According to him, a similar series "has never been seen and not become ever see."
"Arresting hengitystänne", Aalbæk Jensen says in the release.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in the last few years, known as the kohuja nostaneista media shows and films such as the Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
For television, he directed in the 1990s, the Kingdom-series.
01.09.2014 15: 20 retail chain Lidl seems to Finnish side, at least if the profit figures are to be believed.
The trade group of the Schwarz-Gruppe Finland the Finnish activity in circular movements to Lidl limited partnership-the Group's net sales continued to grow in the period ending at the end of February.
The company also boosted the bottom line.
Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 79.6 million a year earlier, when it was 56.4 million euros.
Turnover swelled to turn to 960 million euros from 1.2 billion euros.
The growth was 25%.
The company also improved its market share in the increased operating earnings of 61 million to EUR 84 million.
Operating profit,% came to 7.1.
Saksalaisomisteisen of the Schwarz-Gruppe account from the beginning of the season lasts from March to the end of February.
The company says it paid the tax for the year ended in February, To 13.7 million.
The company has continuously expanded its store chain told an investment of EUR 100 million to Finland this year.
Finland currently has 142 Lidl stores and employs more than 4,000 workers.
The first stores opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket-challenge participant jaw dislocation
British Isabelle Roberts roared so loud, when the ice-cold water was poured over him, that his damaged face bones.
This Ice Bucket-challenge ended with a painfully bad.
The woman has been exported to treat his karjuttuaan Ice Bucket-the challenge of carrying out so loudly that his jaw Dislocated bones.
Isabelle Roberts roared so loud, when the ice-cold water was poured over him, that he damaged the facial structure.
"The water was so cold, that only the karjuin, but karjuessani, I felt that the jaw began to stiffen," he tells The Mirror Magazine.
Ice water is poured on top of the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts moments before the crash
I tried to close my mouth, but I couldn't, the jaw was locked, and then realized that something is amiss.
Then my mom and my sister found out about the same thing, and began to laugh, but I was supposed to whisk you to the emergency room.
Supersuosittuun challenge on Tuesday participated in a 20-year-old Briton was taken to the hospital, where the Chinese were back in place.
The video clip has become an Internet sensation, and it is shared by thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Perspective of wolves in ulvontaan (also): how a fan of growth can explain?
Today was a pretty awesome feeling.
So said the basketball player Sean P in 1995, when Finland was played in the championship game against France in Athens, Athens Habitat Hall.
Not P exaggerated.
I remember a game when you were there.
So also were they about a hundred Finns, who cried out to 20 000 spectators driving, otherwise empty Hall noise.
I wonder what P had said 19 years later the World Cup Finland-Ukraine-after the match?
In Bilbao, a hundred sets of suomalaisfanin is kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti.
The European Championships of 1995, was a Finnish Basketball League in etsikkoaikaa.
The men made their way towards the end of the tournament, defeating, among others, the Russian qualifier in Helsinki, the Sports House.
The victory threw open the doors of The cream.
It all looked good.
Hanno Möttölä was the promising youngsters, such as.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann brought the Möttölän piped for the rest of the tournament for the team.
The solution, which many people had a different view.
Now you can say that, even if all were from afar Dettmann wise is indeed we did, according to the manuscript.
After the Athens national basketball team dived into the deep.
At the World Championships in Athens, Finnish was the site of a reportedly a total of a little more than a hundred.
The set consisted of journalists, relatives of the players, Finnish koripallovalmentajat and some of the fans.
Bilbaossakin is the journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And they are many.
The phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible proportions.
No one will be able to tell the exact figure suomalaiskisaturisteista.
The reviews are in the region of between 7 500 to 10 000.
Was reading any of that, is it just unfathomable amount.
Here is the explanation of the sport sosiologeille.
As part of the global economy, companies will move across the border.
The sport still has a chance to look at how we have internationally goes.
Increased mobility, we can visit the how to become successful in the world, girls and boys says sports Sociology Professor Hannu Itkonen.
Certainly, as well as in Spain, the FIVB World Championships in Poland are Finns, who are seeking experience.
A common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
Sport itself must be attractive.
Itkonen, raise the sport's pop culture into the.
Is the lower threshold to go to Berlin for the World Cup as the sport, take a look at the art.
Without success, the masses still does not move.
Let us return until 1995.
Then the head coach of the basketball Union and pelaajiakin Dettmann, challenged the cast of top-of-the-sport professionally.
It took nearly ten years to it.
Then the area was changed and the national team in action was raised on a pedestal.
Volleyball crowd made the same motion a little bit in the past.
Now both are enjoying the fruits of the work.
As Itkonen says, both species are managed, in particular, the top-of-the-urheilunsa, where the Holy Trinity: the sports-media-sponsors.
Then, to enthuse the audience.
And the media has taught us what such a carnevalistic satire on society paying is, Itkonen recalls.
The ability to shift this massive interest in football will also come from those series?
Basketball and volleyball are played at an average of hundreds or a little more than a thousand viewers.
Itkonen, anna is a good question, and not necessarily to the answer, which promises very good species.
Another school of thought believes interest in the move.
The second one is the fact who doesn't want things.
This outfit is ready for the experience of a journey to the World Cup, but their interest in the home country of the perusajattelussaan series are kaksisesti.
It is a challenge to the people of the Church in the middle of the buzz.
Bottas plot assurance almost 1.5 ha of the Lake's shore
Formula one driver Valtteri Bottas nastola rewards Beach home in the plot.
The municipal government approved a donation of 1.4 hectares of land at its meeting unanimously on Monday.
The plot goes up in the future, the free-time residence.
The success of this factory have been followed until the days of karting Bottas.
He is experienced in the Gulf region as Envoy for the benefit of the market, and the Bay of Nastolaa.
The gift of a plot is located in the Koiskalassa, Kärkjärven on the beach.
It has become a bigger part of the ownership of the real estate trade in Nastola.
Seven of the buildings in the area, including the demolition of the condition at the expense of the municipality to demolish six out of this by the end of the year.
Bottas won the fourth Belgian formula 1 GP podium place in this year.
He is the fifth.
Bottas is a metal band from Finland, and lived his childhood in native Villähteellä.
She lives currently in England, but please visit the Factory, always, when there is a free formuloista.
Bottas has visited the junior and youth facilities.
Design-the wearables will come-but hardly poor
It showcases and test them for being in New York, the current U.S. Open tennis competition.
Ralph Lauren älypaitojen testers are the people in the field the ball, but also to yliopistopelaajien highs in the audio amateur Marcus Giron holds one.
According to him, the shirt to help him keep track of their own development and to control the rebound.
Nylon shirt is woven with silver-sensors, with which the information is transmitted to an mokkulaan shirt and thence to your Smartphone or flat on your computer.
Sensors heart rate, respiratory rhythm, stress, and steps.
The central unit is disconnected before the shirt is like throwing a mokkula in a washing machine.
The fashion house has not told the exact time for the start of sales of the shirt, nor even hinted at its price, Tech, the Times reported.
Raph Lauren is not the only älyvaatteisiin and serviced by the company.
California älyshortsit älypaidan and is brought to the sale of Athos.
They measure your heart rate, breathing and muscle work.
Clothes cost a hundred dollars apiece and their required thumb-sized central unit will cost you two hundred dollars.
Techno clothes also wrote Red Orbit.
A smart way to save books
Many of the students of the University for the cost of books in America exceeds $ 1,000, so soon for another year of study at the opening by Matt Schroeder came up with a clever way to save on costs.
He developed a system where the later year courses students lend books for a nominal fee, instead of that they would sell the books on the same road.
"The mathematics of my book would have normally paid $ 180; I paid off the entire semester $ 10 as well as a hearty sandwich, "explains the 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying at Covenant College in the State of Georgia.
Schroeder explains that in his last semester of books would be normally paid $ 430.
Instead, he used the $ 120.
According to the Board of Trustees of the University of the average student in the use of more than 1, 200 dollars a year on textbooks and school supplies, but the students have many ways to reduce these costs.
The students end up more and more often to use a network of shops and creative approaches, such as Schroeder ' S idea.
More and more of the students rent textbooks, so that they can use to post the whole semester and pay for much less than the buy in by students.
More than 250 campus bookstore to Neebo Inc-business, according to the textbooks for rent has doubled since 2011.
In the field of statistical data reveal that about a quarter of the University booksellers for books this past spring was the rental of books, the company's Chairman, Trevor Neebo-Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores, according to the Trade Organization, less than half of all books acquired in the campus bookstores.
In the most simple ways to save money.
Online shops
Online shopping for new book can get only one-third of the price of what it would cost for the campus bookstore.
Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards, and Robert Hostetlerin of the 9th edition of the book "Calculus" for the suggested retail price is nearly $ 290, but highbrow journals online store price of $ 239.99 Chegg.com book gets.
Buy used
Used books are a good option if your readers do not interfere with the other notes, and worn appearance.
For example, "Calculus"-the book may be used online from Chegg.com 93,49 dollars.
Brigham Young University final year student Matt Casaday, 25 years, tells the story of the book "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business," when used in the Amazon.com online store only 0.42 dollars.
As a new book would have cost $ 48.
University of Massachusetts Amherst's College Without Walls-School Director Ingrid Bracey and other academics suggest that students often ask whether the previous editions of the professoreiltaan, to use in the course.
Sometimes, the new edition of the reforms are not relevant to teaching.
In this case, the old Edition can be find only a fraction of the price, which should pay for new.
Chegg-book shops, eBay and Amazon-Inc's Half.com is a popular place to purchase used books.
Renting
You may want to consider renting textbooks, if you like them good care, you remember to return them, and you don't need them once you have gone through the course.
By renting, you can save more than 80% of the new book price.
For example, "Calculus" book renting the entire academic period, costs about $ 20.
Check out our hire company rules, such as notes, highlighter, and the wear and tear on the following payments.
The renter, watch out: If you forget to return the book, late payment may be greater than the purchase price.
E-books
The acquisition of e-books instead of regular paper can also come out of the question.
Sometimes these books to rent, which will be paid for the right to use the e-book from its holder, for example, Amazon.com, or Barnes and Noble Inc.-Chegg &-book shops.
Chegg may store the "Calculus" book, e-book format for six months about 61 dollars.
Braceyn according to many literary students would save the most, because several of the classics can now download for free, while books in the field of science and technology can be very expensive.
Comparison of the different vendors in favor of the option chosen by then.
Joe Gault, 29, who is soon to be launched Pepperdinen at the law school, recommends use of a book ISBN number to identify the price, because it can ensure that searches for the right book.
Before you place your order online, make sure that the paper is certainly the stock, Gault says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
He purchased the book delivery was suspended for four weeks, and he had to eventually acquire the book at full price the University Bookstore.
A legion of theater to fill 20 years
Established in 1994, the theatre against unemployment, social exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome all who want to make the performing arts.
Arrange the ilmaisupainotteista activities 17-35 year olds for the long-term unemployed.
The performances are often the position in society.
In the last few years, there has been, among other things, the masennusaiheinen Depression Moderata, I I I! -humorous stories as well as "those who have left the classic compositions.
Believes that every human being can change their own lives.
Fires killed almost double the number of people compared to last year
Fires this year is dead, almost double the number of people compared to last year.
The Finnish rescue services industry association (Spek) media monitoring according to date, the fires have died already, 55 people in 49 different fire.
Last year the fire deaths were 31.
Of the dead, for the most part, 36, has been one of the men.
Over the age of 65 has had 11.
According to statistics compiled by the Organisation for the fire situation was worse than the death of the last by the end of August in 2009, when the fire had killed 64 people.
The vast majority of fire deaths occur in dwellings.
Apartment blocks has been 17 fire-death, both line 21 single-family homes and other small houses in seven.
Spek is reminiscent of the home fire safety kertaamisesta.
At least all the smoke detectors in your home to ensure functionality, should be Spekin.
In addition, all should check that the initial fire extinguishing tools are easy-to-use electronic toll systems brought into service.
All home facilities must also be accessible at the exit route.
The children should also tell you what they are allowed to use electrical equipment while he was home alone.
NATO Summit: the first protests in Newport and Cardiff
NATO Summit, opponents protested in Newport last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered at the Newport City Centre on Nato in the fight against the March.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered at Cardiff City Hall. in response to the Summit.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived from Belgium, even until now.
Young people were rescued by air in the mountains of the Australian Sinisiltä
Two teenage patikoitsijaa was raised in the security of their being the night stuck in the Australian New South Wales located in the territory of the blue mountains.
a 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man went off to wander in after noon on Sunday Leapille Blackheathiin Govetts.
Authorities became concerned about the young people who had not returned home, and played the police, 8: 00 pm.
Local police and a search party was sent out to search for the helpers consisted of young people, and the duo was discovered about 23 near Bridal Veil Cascades.
The girl had hurt her knee, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Police officers spent the night with the couple, and they hoisted to safety Monday morning.
Hikers was taken by ambulance to the Blue Mountains hospital, and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian soldiers retreated from the Luhansk airport
The Ukrainian troops are withdrawn from the Luhansk airport.
According to the soldiers of the army of Ukraine was given to retire.
According to the Ukrainian paratroopers have taken together with the Russian tanks on the ground. the fiercely
According to a representative of the opposing army, Cannon became is not so exact that the sniper is likely to have the Russians for professional soldiers.
During the last 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
In the sea of Azov in the South-Ukrainian front of the artillery hits yesterday received a Ukrainian patrol ship sank in the morning, says the border patrol.
Eight marine soldiers have been rescued and two are still missing.
Border guards had no certainty about where the ship was shot.
The separatists told us already yesterday in social media from the beginning of the shooting.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, according to Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that the Ukrainian troops must immediately withdraw to positions for which they are not able to strafe civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister of the Minsk talks between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE today should lead to an immediate cease-fire without conditions.
Lavrov also pointed out that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First, we will protect our interests, our economy, our businesses, and sosiaalisektoria.
At the same time, we will also draw conclusions from our partners in actions, Lavrov threatened.
The heavy rain led to flood Malmö and Copenhagen
Streets are flooded after torrential rain on Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, they whipped themselves into fierce performances in southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters cut off several roads, combined traffic and buried cars in it.
Authorities estimated Sunday that a flood of hellittämisessä might take, although rainfall was predicted to be eliminated Monday.
Hard rains were surprised by a ruotsalaisviranomaiset, and the rainfall of in advance, stay tuned.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute on duty meteorologist Ari Mustala estimates that the region plagued by rain on the front was very local.
Rain in the area seems to be narrow and stationary permanent.
No wonder, if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists should "be silent and to help France," Francois Hollande main backer says
Valls, urged the deeply divided left-wing "to show the feelings" of the difficulties the Socialist President, whose new Government lineup could not be obtained from the French majority approval.
The President deserves all the respect he deserves our our fidelity, we support.
"Our job is to stay by his side," Valls said and deserved ovation.
Tyynnyttävänä as a gesture of peace, the Prime Minister, called for the Government to leave France's controversial 35-hour week, despite new economic Minister Emmanuel Macronin earlier this week debated proposal that grant, the rule should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande asked the Socialists to act in concert with the Government.
The Minister of Justice, Christiane Taubira, however, has caused discord in the Socialist deputies who attended the meeting with divergent opinions, and critiquing the Socialist Party for the fact that it allows "the French give up hope for the future."
The extreme right-wing nationalist bloc, the Socialists, the Director of Marine Le Pen derided the constant discord between faith and said that Ideally, the new Government's sustainable a few months longer.
Francois Hollande may have left the soitellen to war, but so, too, Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new Government after the previous did not last even in the summer.
"And the new Government to last until the autumn or winter," Le Pen told reporters.
He reiterated his proposal for the dissolution of his party and his party's election victory in the elections was ennenaikaisissa, and he himself would be ready to lead the party.
The French ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March elections to the municipality, and the extreme right had to be in possession of a list of points in the European elections in May.
On Sundays, to appear in the Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll shows that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party could divide into several competing groups prior to the expiry of the period of Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the University of the Po cautioned that the French will soon lose patience, unless the new Socialist Government fail to improve the economy and ennätyskorkeaa unemployment.
"There is little chance of success, but the audience likes to note quickly that change is happening," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation may worsen further.
Pokka betrayed the good morning Finland presenters Mike Alm-Siiran, Nina Rahkolan and meteorologist Bob Poudan pokka betrayed terribly program admits in taped testimony section.
Good morning Finland program released last Thursday, a Facebook page with a fun video on Thursday of the recordings.
In the video, the announcers Mike Alm-S and Nina R, as well as the Weatherman Riyaz trying to record a good morning Finland ad puffia for the next day's broadcast, but the recording did not go to the right of the tube.
ALM-S sekoilee mouthed as he tries to pronounce the word budget brainstorming, and his meddling is affecting also gets Poudan and Rahkolan to lose pokkansa time after time.
And these heroes should be let in to the live broadcast again tomorrow morning to Finland Facebook update says.
The video has become very popular on Facebook and it is both tykätty that shared on Facebook more than 10 000 times.
The magazine of the picture in the Office worked with Jorma k. O, 68, finished third in the potrettien series in 1972.
Pictured here is the Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir.
In Helsinki, the Fredrikinkadulla Construction of the champions in the House took place in May of the Socialist International meeting in 1971.
At the meeting, there were a lot of Heads of State and security measures were enormous.
When Golda Meir went to the restroom, the seven bodyguards went along with it.
However, at the beginning of the meeting, we received more than five minutes of your time describing it.
I took this picture of four to five metres.
The light and the background were in place.
As soon as I realized that this time I managed to.
Meir, look to see that the leaders in the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
When the race of the performer known individuals or events on the images.
It is wonderful that today can succeed in other images, as long as you have a Visual idea and of torque.
This is the second best in the picture that I have taken.
The best is the image of the Olympic Games in Munich, Lasse Virénin crash.
I sent to the contest.
Dissertation: Primeval-investigation paid already for more than five million euros
Helsinki Police Narcotics Unit in examination of the legality of the operation has cost more than EUR 5 million and called for 30-50 man-years.
Thus, estimates the University of Jyväskylä in the John Kelso in information technology in the work of the dissertation.
Rajamäki submits that the legality of the surveillance, and the activities of the police in crime prevention in General could be substantially improved by combining the information technology systems of investigations and legal proceedings.
According to today's technology allows you to limit the multifunctional role of the forensic material at the top of the Hill.
He notes that it is possible to build a system in which the data is automatically collected to investigate the crime, proof that satisfies the chain of electronic evidence, and at the same time, allows for a comprehensive review of legality.
The doctoral dissertation is inspected on Saturday.
NYT: in 1999, the idea of a vegetarian food was forgotten in the school on the wall: "Vegetarian dieettiin are fish and chicken dishes"
The picture on the wall of the pirkkalalaisen Naistenmatkan school was a special release caused a food crisis in social media, says the NYT website.
Kasvisruokailijat!
Vegetarian dieettiin school lunch consists of fish and chicken dishes.
Only when the item is in the flesh, we produce vegetable option!
This is stated in the school wall in unohtuneessa, 15 years old in the bulletin.
The picture you get to see here.
Social media spread the image has made people to send to the närkästynyttä Martina feedback.
The food and the cleanliness of the Service Manager Jason Vaarma notes Recording the wall missed the tag is incorrect and it should have been deleted a while ago.
Apparently, before my coming has ever had such an idea, which has been discussed in the health care, too.
Each student gets a Recording in accordance with the wishes of the meal, he says.
On this day, the students will be offered in schools, Martina vegetarian option only with the permission of the parents and the doctor or public health nurse certificate vegetarian.
Vaarma justify the solution to Recording for that young a vegetarian dish experiments may leave the meat or chicken nutrition, the lack of a settlement, and may raise some eyebrows, parents of pupils.
Norwegian Cruise close to $ 3 billion worth Prestige Cruise deal
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL. O, the world's third largest cruise company, is conducting negotiations to buy its rival Prestige Cruises International Inc-a company for three billion dollars. The information originates from people closely involved with.
The Norwegian Cruise company, with a market value of $ 6.8 billion in the company's Prestige, would get access to Cruises luksusristeilijät and wealthy customers for its continuing competition in the larger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL. Carnival Corp (CCL) and. N) against.
According to sources, the data on the possible agreement may be published as early as this week, though it is also possible that the talks do not produce results.
Prestige Cruises, the owner of the company, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO. N), also owns 20% of Norwegian Cruise company.
The sources did not want their names made public, because the negotiations are not public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not reply to requests for comment, representatives of companies and Apollo representative declined to comment.
Miami-based Norwegian Cruise company has 13 of a cruise ship, with a route map covers the North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America, and the Caribbean.
Its turnover grew by 13 per cent from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2.57 billion dollars.
Prestige Cruises, which operates also in Miami, sailing through the Oceania and Regent-famous brands, which include a total of eight cruise ship, and the route map covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover for the year 2013, was $ 1.2 billion, which is six percent more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars in the coming years, equal to the cruise industry, is expected to benefit from the emerging economies, such as China and India on the rise of the middle classes.
Companies compete to reach these new customers ' first option on their cruise.
The first register in the u.s. stock market for prestige Cruises liikkeellelaskunsa shares in January 2014.
Apollo has owned most of the shares in the company in 2007 after the acquisition, which was worth 850 million dollars.
The current lineup was formed in 2000 by Norwegian Cruise to its unification by Genting Bhd (GENT. KL)-cruise with the company. The latter is a Malaysian billionaires Lim Kok Thayn for the entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested $ 1 billion for Norwegian Cruise company in 2008.
A public company was listed on the Norwegian Cruise in January 2013.
According to the information disclosed in the company had Gentingin share of 28%, 20% and yksityispääomasijoitusyhtiö Apollo, TPG Capital LP and accounted for 8%, from the end of June onwards.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise companies, with a total share in the North American cruise capacity is 82 percent, it turns out, in the context of the issuance of shares in the company Prestige Cruise-publication of registration of the document.
The city of Tampere, the Government is dealing with it today.
The Government hopes the initiative will support the city's robust Animalia.
Animalia, the Executive Director of the University of Tampere, PhD, depending on the risk of delfinaarioiden the time of the preparatory Rajasekaran T in Finland and around the world, is to be completed promptly.
In the last few years around the world is, fortunately, a generalized sentiment that the dolphins have not developed such as the eläinsuojelullisesti and delfinaarioissa records of mammals an ethically sustainable.
This view would be perceived also in Tampere.
The abolition of the Dolphinarium is not only the animal rights issue, including the question of the image of tourist destination of Tampere, t points out.
The risk of death, according to the TA-Dolphin Näsi strengthens the requirements for operation of the Dolphinarium winding down.
Näsin päiväkoti death is a sad continuation sombre särkänniemi Dolphinarium in history.
It is time to put the toll of death, as well as to take the Dolphin points, to close a prison to examine how, in Tampere, the dolphins could be transferred to a restricted area, a sort of Dolphin shelters t requires.
The dolphins did not manage to get to experience the return of original näsi living environment, but hopefully the rest of the reef Aquarium live dolphins to experience still more to life than virikkeettömän a concrete pool, t is hoping for.
The animal protection Association of Animalia, the aim is to ban all use of villieläinlajien in animal welfare legislation in the pipeline in the circus kokonaisuudistuksessa.
This is also a delfinaariot.
Animalia in support of the claim, the Executive Director t participates today in 1.9. to attend the protest on behalf of the dolphins.
The Japanese Embassy/Consulate/Chancellery in Helsinki, to take place in the mind of the Dolphin hunting in Japan, the name of which will be opened up via the given against it.
During the hunting season to be imprisoned or cruelly killed each year about 2,300 dolphins, either delfinaarioiden or feed.
Putin calls on Kiev to open negotiations on the new States of Eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted Sunday that the Ukrainian Government to stop the fighting in the eastern part of the country against the separatists and immediately start negotiations on secession in the region, "the State of faintheartedness," the Russian news sources tell.
His spokesman Dmitry Peskov clarified later that Putin controlled by separatists in the eastern part of Ukraine, meant that the area should be part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine to reconsider the Russian-speaking population of the region, in order to give the power to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin's talks in Kiev, the claim made by the Government of venäjämielisten with the rebels recognized the equal negotiation partners is responsible for his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: he seeks to help the separatists to take over the area and forcing it to concede to the Ukrainian Government, in practice, the independence of the newly julistetulle Novorossijalle, which allows it to be with Russia instead of the West.
The State channel 1 tv channel in an interview, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's efforts to recapture the separatist-dominated Eastern Donetsk and Luhansk region, which separatists seized in March and April in the Crimean peninsula, in Ukraine itself attached to the Moscow, 18. in March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped in the region "Novorossijaksi", "New Russian" – this term is reminiscent of the glory days of the Russian Empire prior to the revolution.
The Russian news agency Itar-Tass, Putin said that the planned peace negotiations are "an illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians to implement campaigns in 26. for the October elections and the Government's troops are attacking civilians in the separatist-controlled areas.
"We need to start immediately in the extensive negotiations, not only technical aspects, but also the Organization of society and the status of the Ukrainian State in the Southeast. This takes into account the interests of the people living there, "he says.
Peskovin, according to Putin's reference to "the State of those" linked to the broader autonomy, which has been the subject of months of Kiev with the leadership of the Russian-speaking regions, it tries to dispel fears that their cultural and linguistic rights would be threatened.
Only the Government of Ukraine can be granted to the eastern regions of their need for independence, Peskov said.
This issue cannot be the subject of talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict."
The Kremlin's representative in the heckling, which was intended to correct the "wrong interpretation" of Mr Putin's comments, stressed that the Russian Government is dealing with the separatist revolt in the eastern regions in a different way than in the case of Crimea, leaving it virtually captured the area, whose population of 2 million people, the majority is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be significantly harder to attach itself, even in the Donetsk region in Eastern Ukraine, Luhansk regions or because the majority of the 6.5 million people living in the region are not ethnically Russian and because, according to the opinion polls prior to the conflict, the majority of the population supported the retention in Ukraine.
Independence, of which venäläisdiplomaatit are discussed in international forums, would give local governments the right to Ukraine agree to actually own the trade agreements and the ulkosuhteistaan, which would give the Kremlin virtually of the area, which connects Russia's Impending.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed to Russia in five months ago, is located in the päälaivasto of Russia, as well as commercial shipping port in the coastal areas and historical sites.
Russia's Rostov oblast and the Crimea is also in the area between the mines, factories and metallinsulattamoita, which produce the Russian army of the vital products.
The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko suggested virkaanastumispuheessaan 7. in June, the Ukrainian lawmakers are considering a new draft Constitution – after the elections – the changes to make are added to the Ukrainian nuclear power to their own regions of the area due to the economy and the status of the languages.
The independence of his vision, however, seems to differ sharply from the Kremlin and the Moscow-perhaps aseistamien and lietsomien separatist sentiment.
Putin presented the most recent claims in the Kiev Government negotiations with the rebels as equal partners in the venäjämielisten after the rebels went ahead last week, Russian tanks and troops to add to the invasion of Eastern Ukraine earlier in the peace region Azovin sea coast.
Ukrainian security officials fear that the Russian-backed separatist Novoazovskin on withdrawal is the beginning of a larger effort, which is designed to capture all the strategically important coastal area up to the impending.
It has led to massive civilian and military personnel to take the Mariupolin on strengthening. Half a million inhabitants in the city of Mariupol port is known as steel production, which is located in the Novoazovskin and in the Crimean peninsula leading to a narrow area of land in between.
On Saturday, the leaders of the European Union in Brussels, spoke of Poroshenko begging for more action to prevent violations of the Ukraine, Russia, the former Soviet Union will come to the Republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
Ukraine now has thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU Summit was not made by direct action of decisions; the leaders of the establishment of additional sanctions to be imposed if the crisis in Ukraine the flare under questionable circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from the position of two Russian Armored Division and the Ilovaiskin area 1 000 soldiers moved to the territory of the Donetsk region last week to reinforce the separatists, General Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's national security and Defense Council, told reporters on Saturday in Kiev.
Lysenkon Ilovaiskissa saartamasta Russia-Ukraine, according to the first 63 soldiers were traded for 10 Russian laskuvarjohyppääjään who captured the Ukrainian territory a week ago.
Keisuke Honda scored the opening goal in Milan were already japanilaistaituri in the seventh minute of the game.
In another first, Sulley Muntari at half-time and hit a little later on a penalty kick by Jeremy Menez.
Laziokin got the final goal in the game at rankkarin, after a decrease, but the goalkeeper Diego Lopez was rejected by Antonio Candrevan shot.
Lopez moved to Milan this season, Real Madrid.
Milan were former hyökkääjäikonin Inzaghi coaching when it first appeared at the San Siro Stadium was only half full.
The match was announced to the crowd of 39,000 spectators.
Australialaisjulkkikset and Gabi Grecko alastonkuvaskandaalin crazy
Geoffrey Edelsten has declared itself shocked by the hacker may have stolen her fiancé and the Hollywood A-list star Gabi Greckon naked pictures.
The entertainment world is kuhissut, after a bunch of naked pictures of Jennifer Lawrence was released on the Internet in a wide range of celebrity photo scandal, the result of hacking.
Hakkerilla is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuvaa the hunger games-star of Lawrencesta, as well as other supertähdistä, such as supermodel Kate Uptonista and Cara Delevingnestä, singer, Rihannasta, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle as well as actress Kirsten Dunstista.
Also the Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovskin and Melbourne resident Greckon pictures has apparently stolen iCloud-leak connection.
Item is 101-style celebrity names.
Last month, Greckoa kosinut Edelsten said Confidential magazine, "this is the nauseating".
Everything from personal correspondence and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private data can be stolen and disseminated.
In New York, the Greckon will be reported to the network have been commenting on the case of the "disgraceful" and said that the victims "feel very embarrassing."
Hakkerilla is believed to be the son of this last 30 photos of Palmer's friend Scott Speedmanin with, among them also two samples Palmer topless in the pool's edge.
Palmer's film of merit include the film "Love and Honor" as his co-star.
Palmer, Chuck series Star Strahovski and Sucker Punch actress Browning did not comment on the hacked photos yesterday.
Lawrence said the TMZ magazine that "this is a brazen violation of privacy".
Actor Seth Rogen was angry with hakkerille in a Tweet: "there's a difference between a good stolen in any way to publish your photos on a stolen product sales".
The publication of the pictures should not be stolen to make it possible, if only for the legal point of view.
Finland played almost like a home ground and rose sensaatiomaiseen to victory in the Volleyball World Championships in Cuba.
See pictures of a fan of the flush.
Poland Katowice the Polish Red and white was white, but on Monday the Finnish blue and white: No.
The Finnish victory was followed by the son of the almost 2000 Spodek arena at suomalaiskannattajaa.
It seemed like it would be played at the home ground.
Such a big effect on the fans was a singularly, the Finnish Captain Antti Siltala said the Finnish News Bureau [STT] that.
Finland had the match losing 0-2, but already the erin rose victory erin 3-2.
The fourth installment of Finland made a miracle rise six-point guarantee.
Cuba led the batch already, 16-10, but after the Finns got the hurmoksen on top.
About 200, which will be released in 2008, however, had to be disappointed when an airport for charter plane was unable to land because of heavy fog of Katowice.
Thus, Warsaw reached fans missed the match.
Finnish football fans have conquered Europe, ate in the past few days.
Based in Bilbao, Spain men's Basketball World Championships in Finland-fans is the site of more than 8,000.
Just as each of the Finnish basket would have been a match-winning basket, Usa star player Stephen Curry praised the Finnish korisfaneja on Saturday after the match.
Meeting of the Board of Governors will not be sent for direct due to technical problems
Kouvola City Council meeting is not in a position today to take a look at the Internet live.
In the city, according to the bulletin, the broadcast is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvola city regrets this situation.
In the aftermath of a record can be viewed in a couple of days to get to the meeting.
Kouvola City Council meetings is able to watch via the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time a decision could follow a direct 13.10.2014.
Council meeting videos can be found at http://www.kouvola.fi/index/aikuisvaestolle/paatoksenteko/valtuustoverkossa.html and in the Kouvola on YouTube channel.
