The city of Juankoski relates to the city of Kuopio in the beginning of the year 2017.
The Kuopio liitos was adopted unanimously by the council on Monday.
The Juankoski liitos city council adopted last week.
In clarifying kuntaliitos Tuusniemi municipalities, but it was also involved, the council decided that Tuusniemi continue as an independent.
Kuopio and Juankoski decide on the implementation of the next kuntavaali separately.
The local elections will be held next year 2016.
After the accession of Juankoski Kuopio has a population of around 111 000.
The Prime ministers of India and Japan will meet in Tokyo
The new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi way Japanese colleagues Shinzo aben in Tokyo, to discuss economic and turvallisuussuhde, significant in his first foreign visit since the election victory of May.
Japan - oriented modin, the purpose of the visit is to strengthen economic relations with the third largest economy in the World.
At the top of the agenda are extended ydinvoimayhteistyö plan.
India is also said to be interested in puolustusyhteistyösopimus with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine's troops are civilians
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin accused leadership in Kiev on Monday that these are refusing to direct political debate with the eastern Ukraine separatists.
The current leadership in Kiev does not want to carry out essential political debate with the eastern part of the country, according to Putin said Itar - tassin news agency.
He also said that the Pro - Russian separatists, which Kiev and say to the West, the Russian army of the number of avustamia, tried to push Ukraine away from their this hetkisistä of places where Putin has said that the armed forces in Ukraine are civilians.
The miliisitaistelija objectives is to push out of these armed forces and their batteries, so that they are not given any opportunity to shoot of the inhabitants of the region, Mr Putin said.
Events took place on Friday and Saturday ryrmikorjaamolla.
It is surprised that porukka became already quite early evening.
Kävijä was expected, during the two days tells promottori Tom cloth.
Seinäjoki rap song Festival took place for the third time.
Again next year.
We are going to continue to be - festarit rap song, namely poppi cloth assure you, is not allowed in.
In Finland will come into force on Tuesday law, which limits the acquisition of the manufacture of explosive materials.
In future, the individuals must seek permission from poliisihallitus buy or to keep the possession of such substances or mixtures, which could be used, the so - called precursors of explosives.
These substances are vetyperoksidi, nitrometaani, typpihappo, kaliumkloraatti, kaliumperkloraatti, natriumkloraatti and natriumperkloraatti and mixtures containing them, if certain pitoisuusarvo are exceeded.
For example, vetyperoksidi cleansing - and in detergents, but concentrations they usually do not exceed the limit values.
In kiihdytysajo nitrometaani are used, for example.
Before the entry into force of the law acquired precursors must, However, possession and use on 2 March until 2016.
George websteriä accused nairnin and pitlochryn hotelliraiskaus on
Two expect accused of rape trial in hotels.
George Webster, 28, heard charges in Glasgow during the sitting in the court of Justice of the Upper instance.
He is accused of rape, which took place in the province of perthshiren pitlochryn in Scotland's Hotel on 7 June 2013.
Websteriä accused of women's attack on this' being tajuttomassa situation in nukkuessa, and when this incapable of taking Decisions themselves'.
Websteriä accused of another rape Highlands nairnissa Golf View Hotel in 4 May 2014.
Lady Rae judges in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November Edinburgh Upper instance in the court of Justice.
Premier League: Super Raheem was overshadowed - Mario left - Premier League - evening say
Only 19 - year - old Raheem Sterling showed once again why he is being held in the hope of the future of the English football.
Electronic climate White Hart lanella was Sunday, when Mr balotellilla strengthened Liverpool tottenhamin arrived.
Super marion debut was promising: experienced englantitoimittaja saw 24 - year - old Italian have done on the ground work quite different attitude during the than Manchester city.
Balotelli was still a long way from huippuvire.
Italian wasted three high - quality maalipaikka and bait sixteen only half the ball to my own team.
Advocates of the already have favourites to Pool - players expect better in future.
Liverpool - manager Brendan Rodgers istutti balotellin Barcelona matkanneen Luis suarezin team role alongside the second aggressor Daniel sturridgen.
For the sake of a team kimalsi balotellin keskikenttä rather than at the top of the diamonds Raheem Sterling, which tökkäsi over the important avausmaali of Hugo llorisin 3-0 profits.
Sterling, 19, shining not only effectiveness.
Balotellia shorter than 20 cents in English is between the opponents Line than a fish in water '.
As is not the general to the players, which thank nurmi at best, approximately 34 kilometres per hour.
Also the development of Sterling Rodgers deserves a big thank you.
Northern ireland told how Liverpool after the match, has systematically developed wembleyn just increased luoteislontoolaisesta simply laitakiitäjä a more holistic players.
Susanna Mälkki was elected to the Helsinki kaupunginorkesteri ylikapellimestari - 'I am pleased and proud'
The city of Helsinki has decided to appoint Susanna mälkin kaupunginorkesteri Orchestra for the next ylikapellimestari Helsinki since autumn 2016.
Newspapers timesiä Los Angeles, have asked the Orchestra, which he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki tells a pleasure and pride in his new role.
The Helsinki kaupunginorkesteri has been a key role to play in our country musiikkielämä more than a hundred years, including kantaesittämällä a large number of Sibelius music.
Orchestra Conductor Finns have led the best and I have worked with many of the members of the Orchestra in the past.
I look forward to future cooperation ', he says.
The meeting in eläkeneuvotteluasia palkansaajajärjestö administration - my own country - news - Karjalainen
Eläkeneuvottelu today for a new impetus to the social partners to their own assembly.
The palkansaajajärjestö SAK, Akava and STTK governance of the EU to deal with in the Morning negotiations.
After the actual eläkeneuvottelu is to continue.
Dispute, the social partners is, among other things, the pegging of the retirement age to life expectancy.
Organisations have promised työuraratkaisu by the autumn, but according to the latest estimates, it will be during the course of this week.
Pihditpudas.
The women's lentopallo rovaniemeläinen liigajoukkue woman Volley stumbled in its liiganousija Vampulan sportsmen and women in the final of the pihtipudas harjoitusturnaus on Sunday.
Vampula väänsi five a drawn - out during the match, to the profits 3-2.
The last tranche WoVo lost 15-11.
Our neighbours the whole time was one step ahead.
Fight was good, but in puolustuspeli and passipeli Vampula was a little better, saw wovon coach Teemu Mäkikyrö.
Wovon kuusikko was risainen insofar as that 190 - tall amerikkalainensentteri Jennifer Keddy was backs stuck in pages.
As a sentteri played in cape.
Karoliina kyllönen was despite peukalovamma pelikykyinen and Johanna with Pekkarinen wovon tulivoimaisimman combination.
As a hakkuri started jenna Keskimäki was to make room Jana jaudzemalle during the last 1.5 separately.
Vampulan the best part of the was clever venäläinenpassari and libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen, which WoVo was circulated as much as possible.
Wovon prepare League will continue in the next weekend when the Hämeenlinna HPK comes to harjoitusleiri Rovaniemi.
The team face 'kauppiksella' on Saturday in official harjoituspeli at 18.
The Sunday facing urheiluopisto again.
Lidl takoo huge figures in Finland
The turnover of the Finnish company - shops rose at the end of February during the year ended almost 25% of almost eur 1.2 billion.
Companies tulostieto published on Monday.
Total lidlillä is now in Finland 142 shops, and enlargement is to be extended.
From the last financial year Lidl also told US that paid to Finland taxes almost eur 14 million.
Lidl Finland is a German Lidl Group.
Companies have over 4 200 workers in Finland.
Ovarian cancer kuollaan more sparsely populated areas myöhästyneen because of the access to diagnosis and treatment hankaloituneen
Angeli Jolie and his brother James have published a video tribute to mothers, who died ovarian cancer in 2007.
Australia, women living in rural areas have a greater risk of dying ovarian cancer than those who live in cities.
Researchers went through the women of over 1100 Australian in 2005 munasarjasyöpädiagnoosi Medical Records and said that the only 35% of women, in other words, more than five years after the diagnosis.
Päätutkija Susan Jordan QIMR Berghofer Medical research centre Institute confirm that women living in sparsely populated and remote areas died during the 20% more likely to research than women living in urban areas.
A small research: new medicines May slow down the lungs and ovarian cancer
Researchers went through the terveyshistoria of women from the seven years of the time.
According to the doctor Susan Jordan, also at the time of the age of the women diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, previous diseases and socio - economic status influenced the chances of survival.
Iäkkäämmillä women and the wider spread with the time for diagnosis of cancer survival the likelihood of was the lowest.
Women living in sparsely populated and remote areas died during the 20% more likely to research than women living in urban areas.
In research, to find out why not women who live outside the cities will have less likelihood ovarian cancer survival, but as potential causes delayed diagnosis and Jordan must hankaloitunutta access to care.
The 'gynekologisen oncology specialists in the best this disease, and their reception by the, mostly situated in large cities', Jordan says.
Although online shopping in Management measures are becoming increasingly common and the importance of distance is decreasing, their researchers also proposes increasing the mobility of physicians, specialists to be able to treat patients with these closer to home, as well as programmes which help to support the far from home hoidettavia patients.
According to a study by Dr Jordan ovarian cancer of the long - term selviytyäprosentti of women is a bad, regardless of their geographical location, which emphasise that we need better Management and better cancer prevention programmes.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer - hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön - funded research will be published in the Medical Journal of Australia - today.
The 2012 33 in March - living, Gold coastissa perheenäiti Elisha neavella was malignant ovarian cancer.
In the city of Rovaniemi wishes to strengthen asemakaava kelkkaparkkitoiminta ystävyyspuisto, which is located in the Hotel pohjahovi next.
Municipal council decided on Monday that ystävyyspuisto asemakaavaehdotus sets out publicly to see the and its immediate surroundings of one - stop - shop pointer.
Kaavaehdotus opinion by introducing new and the ELY centre of Lapland.
Through asemakaavamuutos cities wants to allow the continuation of moottorikelkkaillatoiminta relating to tourism in the region.
Here is supposed to form a Park, which includes the current ystävyyspuisto and between it and some in the region.
Must present according to the proposal on 15 November and 30 April between permanently during a maximum of 200 moottorikelkka.
Regions must invest in määrätylle part also tankkauspiste.
New Park so huoltoliikenne were allowed to.
The city of Rovaniemi is chartered for areas of ystävyyspuisto safariyritys moottorikelkkaillakäyttö winter.
Rental agreement is renewed last spring 2014 and 2018 spring treaty is in force.
Kelkkaparkkitoiminta and kaavamuutos has aroused the opposition of the kovaääninentäkki.
Naapurikerrostalo inhabitants have been annoyed so votes than concerned about emissions.
The emissions of the region is examined, and in the report is not, However, come to the fore ohjearvo cross - border findings.
A renewed equipment is old vähäpäästöisempää.
Ystävyyspuisto as parkkialue supports, too, that if the place of provenance should be postponed further, hotels safariasiakas transported safari lähtöpaikko buses, which should be an estimated 15 to leaving a day.
According to the area of ystävyyspuisto, and the immediate surroundings is a city by the wayside, but also for sufficiently broad, better than korvaaviksi lähtöpaikko the places such as, for example, of the bridges over the Ounasjoki itäpuoleinen venelaituri vierus.
Ystävyyspuisto on behalf of the location, because it is good that action can enlargement ounaspaviljongin regions, for example in the future.
Parkkitoiminta Rovaniemi is part of the establishment of the urban strategy adopted by the Council, which, among other things, that the city's aim is to create a good framework for Business by allocating sufficient quality logistical and operational edullisille here.
Also the ystävyyspuisto has been moottorikelkkailu the place of provenance osayleiskaava the centre, which has not yet received legal force.
The fall in omistusasunto reflected in puutarhamyymälä
Asuntoomistaja reduction in the number of, in particular, less than in the group of the 35 - year - old, might lead to a reduction in the turnover of puutarhamyymälä tens of millions, when today's young consumers reach age puutarhamyynti 'pääkohderyhmän'. on behalf of the financial times has told Britain Trade associations in the garden Sector (Horticultural research trades Association, HTA).
According to the report in the financial times asuntovuokraaja use gardening only 55% asuntoomistaja the amount of money.
In research was also become apparent that an increasing number of live in very kaupungistuneissa housing, where there is no garden. in addition, the size of the garden courtyard when päällystetään increasingly site. these elements also threaten the garden Sector, which is estimated values around GBP 5 billion a year.
The ownership of the London suuralue housing has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and there is spent on Horticultural products per household in the least money throughout the country.
HTA: according to the European and British puutarhayhdistys (RHS) increase in the leasing of housing or the reduction in the size of the garden does not mean, However, that people cannot grow crops.
RHS: the EU's leading puutarhaneuvo guy Barter says that 'in transferable kasvatusastia, for example, the plants are particularly popular among the asuntovuokraaja because such kasvatusastia can, if necessary, be included in the otherwise'.
HTA: according to the report of the 1997 -- 2005 were a boom in the resale of garden Sector, because the possession of housing, and increased wealth at the end of the 1980s the mid - 1990s.
It is also predicted that Trade will, in the report this year thanks to better weather conditions, the weather in March and April of last year after kehnompi.
Turkey kuulustelee because of the American diplomats vakoiluraportti
The Turkish Ministry of foreign affairs has invited the countries kokeneimman diplomats of the United States to make a statement on the report, which concerns the americans and the British by espionage in Turkey.
According to the Deputy Prime Minister bulentin asiainhoitaja and the Turkish authorities of the United States embassy report discussed on Monday.
German Der Spiegel magazine and verkkolehti the Intercept have written that the United States National security agency (National security Agency, the nsa) former analysts Edward snowdenin vuotamat document reveal the Turkey was the United States and great Britain as the main vakoilukohde of the intelligence services.
According to the news agency in Turkey the Turkish President, Mr Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the importance of the report, saying that all the major countries have vakoilleet each other.
The German päätiedustelupalvelu Ankara Spying on previous reports aikaansai vihaisemman reaction in the Turkish government.
There are new suomalainenelokuva in Cannes Croze winners
There have been several in menestyselokuva kanadalainennäyttelijä Marie - Josée Croze nainenpääosa has been paid in the new suomalainenelokuva.
The Kuparinen Croze plays a driver Mikko in the film the Morning of 2 night, whose description will start this week in Lithuania.
The best nainenpääosa Croze won the Cannes elokuvajuhla the role of the Prize in the film the barbaric Invasion in 2003.
He has, among other things, the Steven films in Spielberg in Munich, as well as in the Julian schnabelin film Butterfly lasikupu.
In the Morning of 2 night - miespääosa films on Mikko Nousiainen.
Must the Finnish next film - evenings in September 2015.
The magalufin Chief Majorca on charges of corruption
The case of apparent evidence given by the police and the blackmail by the calviàn officials of the municipal corporation of the city of the public prosecutor's office in Majorca on Friday.
Situated at the Mallorca lomasaari calviàn police have been arrested kosteasta celebrate the movement of well - known magalufin region - and by the baariomistaja accusations as a result of corruption.
Inspector José Antonio Navarro was after pre - trial detention, when many GBP Ballena - the liikeomistaja korruptiosyyte presented on the streets against him. GBP Ballena - on the streets is most magalufin bar and club.
Networks daily newspaper which will be published in the Diario Majorca according to the case of the evidence given by the police and the calviàn by the officials of the municipal corporation of the city of blackmail Mallorca anti - corruption in the public prosecutor's office on Friday.
The Spanish civil guard arrested in Connection with the two other local police corruption, and they are as the abundance of judges, together with Navarro.
Throughout the country ilmestyvä daily newspaper ABC wrote nightclub owners of vihastuneen authorities bias, which has made significant progress in their Business.
'To deal with it is no longer the money, but', one liikeomistaja said to the court.
You do not damage elinkeinoamme.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was in several countries in the headlines in the press this summer, when networks in the YouTube video, which spread 18 - year - old British holidaymakers harrasti suuseksi 24 men with the so - called during crawlin pubs.
Since then, the islands authorities have tried to curb the magalufin holidaymakers humaltunutta and uncontrolled use by reducing the notorious, alkoholinkäryisten pubs crawlien attendance.
Furthermore, Playhouse - club, where suuseksivideo described, closure for years, and nightclub owners and pubs crawlin organisers carnagelle provided for jointly to pay fines of eur 55 000.
Above all, among young people brittituristi BOOMING magalufin tourist also has become popular in the so - called balconing trend, which has caused a number of consumption of alcohol johtuneita accidents parveke, when people have jumped to another or from parveke swimming Pool of the Hotel - pond.
Israeli children go to school following the war in Gaza
Thousands of areas of the Gaza Strip be allowed back on Monday after summer schools in attacked, when the rockets and mortars bombing their community - 50 days in the war Israel and Hamas and schools remained closed the toipuessa struggle of the region.
Opening of the schools of joy and tensions pommittamissa rockets into southern Israel after the fight in the community, but are still visible.
In the South ashdodin city Pashosh - nurseries removed after the wall and the workers in the liukumäki before the arrival of children rockets iskettyä crèches.
'We are a little in fear, but also into', says the roni Bart, in which live in Saad - kibbutsi entitled, in an Israeli kommuuni, and is working in English teachers in schools in the city.
Many children live in this region desperately need routine.
The bartin 11 - year - old daughter Shani bartin return to a long period of time I think that schools' seems a little bit strange '.
'We have had between a difficult time, when we left at home anywhere', he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited close to the border with Gaza kibbutsi in providing support.
Before the start of the last week's ceasefire saadi thousands of inhabitants of the cross - border regions such as the community were have or have left their homes in Indoor areas for further away from Gaza came to escape from the rockets and mortars.
Many of the Gaza Nahal Oz situated in the vicinity of the front of the community's inhabitants are sceptical with regard to the return of grenades of Palestinians killed 4 - year - old boy in the community.
According to the koulutusministeriö fair ten family had not yet been returned.
The children of these families have been so far to alternative schools.
Benjamin Netanyahu's Prime Minister went to school in Sderot, close to the border with Gaza, a city in which was heavy palestiinalaistulituksen target.
He encouraged children to learn, hard and promised that 'on the subject of the Education of the children and care for security'.
Israel and Hamas agreed so far from the current ceasefire last Tuesday.
The cease - fire cut off immediately, but it has not brought the fight for a solution to many key issues, such as Hamas requirements for the lifting of the blockade of Israel and Egypt and Gaza without - and the reopening of the Sea.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas and to two wars in the body of the Israeli soldier.
In Egypt is expected at the beginning of the new round of negotiations at the indirect later this month.
The Palestinian and the un estimates that more than 2 100 Palestinians died in the war, the three - quarters of which was at least 494 civilians and children.
Israel has been disagree with the number of deaths. according at least half of the dead were soldiers, Although it has not been evidence of this.
On the Israeli side 66 six soldiers and civilians were killed, including, amongst other things, was Thai workers.
Hamas and other Gaza soldiers shot in the fight to 4 591 rockets and mortars of the Israeli towns in the South.
On behalf of the Israeli army carried out more than 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
Thousands of homes damaged or destroyed the attacks by Israel in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250 000 people fled over 100 un protection to maintain schools, which had been changed to temporary protection.
When the tens of thousands of people still in the protection and the fight continues authorities transferred schools at the beginning of last week.
'I hope that the school aukeaa soon and we will get to school again, just as other children in the World and just as the jews children', said in a school in the city of Gaza a 13 - year - old Mohammad Amara living in protection.
According to the indicators used, housing in general prices have risen by most to seven years as the winter months in Australia.
The price of the capital of Australia housing mittaava RP data CoreLogic Hedonic - housing price index rose by 1.1% in August, it transpired RP EU data on Monday.
With the increase in the summer, July and August the increase in the price of the time was a total of 4.2%, more than the same after months of 2007.
An annual increase in the prices of was 10.9%, which is more than two times more than the year 2013 August during the previous 12 months, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
RP according to the data the Tim lawlessin tutkimusjohtaja Sydney and are at the top of the price rise in Melbourne.
RP the results of the data show that prices rose housing Sydney 16,1% and in Melbourne 11.7% in the previous year.
Adelaiden brisbanen and the Darwin housing, are now vilkkaimmat; increase in the price of average is 5% or 6%.
Housing are the weakest Canberra, in which prices rose only 1.4% per year as a result of the government directly.
According to lawlessin in Australia begun in the spring of extra sale to the number of housing in the coming months, which is a real test for housing.
'Taking into account the increase in the sale of housing to be auctioned, a lively myyntitahti and continuing low interest rates, in general, it is likely that the rise in the price of housing will continue during the next three months', Lawless says.
The new Museum Gösta - has withdrawn its ennätysyleisö Mänttä
A new Museums and visual arts have to record the public Mänttä this summer.
The Serlachius taidemuseo has by the end of August in more than 70 000 foreign.
The new Gösta Museum was opened in June and there has been present, among other things, to pop klassikkoteos of Art and Andy warholilta Roy lichtensteinilta.
The Mänttä kuvataideviikko said on Monday that he kävijäennätys, when the current events this summer in had visited 14 500 interested.
Tälläisiin figures is not used.
People on lapannut the doors and windows', says leaders Pauli Sivonen Serlachius - museosta.
Sivonen estimates that the whole visitors will be Serlachius - this year in Museums lähentelemään sataatuhatta.
In previous years, has been around for 40 000.
In the mid - term Review of the Tampere and Jyväskylä Mänttä - vilppulassa has approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Museojohtaja Sivonen remind you that the new Museum are always the phenomenon.
The phenomenon is to make permanent 'Challenge', he says.
In Mänttä hoped the continued far taidekausi over the summer.
In the autumn taidemuseo opens up new exhibition.
Police will examine four in the theft Kajaani over the last few days.
On Sunday evening pohjolakatu liikekiinteistö broken into by breaking windows.
Factors had kassakone says that a small sum of money.
Thursday and Monday syväojakatu had stolen between the fuel tanks of lorries.
Petäisenniskan venesatama again was taken on Sunday and Monday perämoottori between the boat.
Maritime was Kalapalta - merkkinen without vaalea and kellertevä inside.
Nokkapuoli sisälaita read the text 'good'.
A couple of alleged steal the police had to kiinnikin.
On Sunday evening tikkapurotie liikekiinteistö broken into.
After poliisikoira received and parikymppinen paltamolaismies found forests under the six hiding.
On Monday police nappasi Paltamo another man, which are also guilty of the same fraction.
Disappeared amphetamines brought in the Emergency Kajaani
The disappearance of less than 10 grams amfetamiinierä brought the Emergency in 1977 kajaanilaismiehelle reached.
According to the public prosecutor of the men had gone unmarried partner and with the other men housing and overshot the exporter of drugs epäilemänsä shotgun, 34 - year - old kajaanilaisnaisen holders of housing.
That has been denied the accusations and respondents claimed with other men ampuja.
When this case came to police data, patrols, which have been stopped passenger cars entourage was busy burning verityö in used clothing.
The addition of the cremated vaateriekale cars shotgun was broken.
The ruling Kainuu give judgment on this matter at a later date.
August was an extraordinarily warm in many places.
According to the institutions of the meteorology equally warm in August repeated once every ten years on average.
Statistics show that the average temperature of the meteorology institutions was higher than normal this throughout the country.
In most countries, there was one to two degrees deviations.
The July and August helteiden throughout this summer therefore became the conventional warmer.
Throughout this summer the first week of the highest temperatures mitattiin August Pori in which indicators seemed 32,8 degrees.
Father Lenny Henry says: never adoptive me.
He never said loved me
Henry was born from the seitsenlapsiseen jamaica to siirtolaperhe dudleyssa the British Midlands region in 1958.
The father of Henry worked in factories and died when Henry 19 - year - old boys and the father had distant relationship.
Henry harjoittelee currently Rudy's Rare Records - for komediashow'ta, which is partly based on her father with kuvitteelliseen debate and which has been developed on the basis of a series of Radio 4 channels.
Ääniraita is a mixture reggae and rappia upbeat - in the pace.
Henry has had to undergo painful lapsuusmuisto.
He has been repeatedly therapy in following the death of mother, father and he is a great deal of relations.
My father was very difficult to read.
His face never votes, only said: stop noise.
Leave sisters to Peace.
Not!
I believe now cricket.
Older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults with my children, my father was in the pubs and discussed, for example, of the beauty of the form of pint of beer or krikettilyönti.
I never have spoken to him with such matters.
Most of my life he was a man it hymytön me in a corner, reading the newspapers.
Henry recently opened the metallisulattamo dudleyssa and was this idea of what his father, life has had to be, albeit working conditions are better today than at the time.
Women than men are now at a little brighter, but in practice they are dark, savuisia labyrinttimaisia depth, where syöksähtelee smoke and those and the flames, which brings to mind the underworld.
My father had as a way to go to kylpy and only country in the bath, slowly and he began to sing pestessään sulattamo dirt away from themselves.
Around the women than men walking, I understand that he had done the work for many years to US food on the table, and I appreciate him more.
Despite the Henry childhood was offered by parents proximity.
Fathers and adoptive never never said loved me.
Only when the mother sairastella began a little before his death, we started to repeat to the other, that love one another.
Henry has Billie - with frenchin daughter Dawn, and through their own child, he has been able to share its love, which itself was him as children.
Whether you the whole time toisteltava 'I love you'?
Stop it now halailu!
My father, I am 22!
With Dawn frenchin.
Why should we not be our friends?
He is a great mothers
There is still a good friend Henry frenchin, with which he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good people.
Why should Dawn and I do not our friends?
He is a mother.
Henry in their own mother was diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons which led to the deaths of mothers.
When I started to suffer from obesity and diabetes - the symptoms of doctors, ordered me to make a u - turn.
After I started exercise much, and I also had to start tough dieetti vähentääkseni symptoms.
It is very difficult --
And dull.
One does not enjoy eating the carrot.
Henry the well - known, short beard perhaps his picture changes during the career development.
After much good feedback from the critics of our role to othellona he has uppoutunut Theatre.
In the next were comedy of Errors and August Wilson Fences ('genuine').
The conclusion of Theatre of different experiences than sitcom and comedy, by Henry has done throughout urgent careers.
When Henry began field only 16 - year - old factory workers.
One a DJ found him on doing imitaatio and new Faces - kykykilpailuun contacted.
Henry the TV career started in the mid - Seventies. 'for quite a long time I was only black imitaattori TV and comedian', and he says.
When Henry learn from work.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn from to produce a joke veritable -- 1985 in 1975, while at the same time bodies tähteys and was in television. it was a difficult time.
Lenny new Faces - kykykilpailussa in 1975
The manager had näyttämöoikeus Henry the black and White Minstrel show'hun, lightweight viihdeohjelma, which appeared mustaihoisiksi persons meikattuina Henry ended up comedian, so to the programme for five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I hope that I would never osallistunutkaan it, but I do not regret it.
Although my position was a strange and deplorable, I had to work in massive events, and learn how the public to be dealt with.
However, the 'British TV rewarded, multiannual favourites and light viihdeohjelma' was, at the same time, grotesque parody blacks' people '.
Henry worked in the twenty - first century in another komediasarja 80, which was a joke, as well as the black brittikulttuuri.
The first period Lenny Henry show'n showed in 1984 and Henry was in the 1990s, amongst other things, the figure of Mr Kok, Gareth blacklockina Chef in komediasarja!
It over the next decade Henry observed, documentaries, Advertising on TV series and elokuvaosa in 2008, but the BBC TV after sarjansa LennyHenry auto. he said: 'what are you going now, Len itself -- now it seems that only poljet paikallasi or kuljet sidings'.
The next item in the channels dokumenttisarja was Radio 4 - 'what's so great about...?'.
In the first part was Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It is not taught in schools to US properly, and I think it was White middle class, which uses sukkahousut and which is money.
Therefore the subject I gave rise to fears Shakespeare.
In all the programmes -- haastattelemamme persons, Trevor Nunn, Lester severin, of Peter Hall Judi Dench -- said to me: 'investigate.
Do not reject the whole idea before you know what you.
Tapaile words and ymmärrät Shakespeare, why we all love so much.
Henry 20 Line othellon said last speech for the documentary and he was sold.
I felt that I will be able to do this.
It almost seemed to as one of the parts I think it would be addressed in the past, and now it is bound to be here.
'This is what it is about, this is important, so do not take it seriously, learn Line, you a small taustatutkimus.
Harjoitteluprosessi was, therefore, tough, and I read spectacle months before it was carried out.
Spectacle was ultimately a success.
Apparently it was expected to fail, but has not quite been the case.
Shortly after the Henry brockovich mainly in the comedy of error.
Suddenly näyttelin the British kansallisteatteri correctly, and I have been able to believe in a reality.
At one point the idea: 'came to mind oho, you have changed'.
Once there was a technical problem, and in the spectacle of Henry clearly felt that it was his role entertain the public.
'Small votes in mind said to me:' you alone has to be dealt with 10 minutes, until computers works again. "'
Instead of the announced that the proposal will continue assistants as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I think I walked out of the scene, and part of huokaisi relief.
It is not my responsibility,
I can leave it to others.
'You are part of the spectacle, its role in'
Henry 'Fences' in - play Duchess - Theatre in
Responses learning 'Fences' näytelmään was challenging.
The panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
This scenario was well received, and so it was as if the signal from God; 'this is what you must do'.
This, of course, Henry says kumealla voice.
Therefore, I decided to stick to this.
I love most sincerely for this work.
I love harjoitteluhuone.
Henry is, However, still basically comedian: small huumoripoikanen interrupt our constantly his when changing imitaatio to another.
The stand - up komiikasta abstinence is tahtokysymys tuntemattomalta public access to, because the immediate thank you from seems dangerous.
If janoat it constantly, it can lead to deadlock.
I spend a lot of time Apollo - Theatre, when sometimes feel, but, generally speaking, it is no longer the into me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry, will he no longer leave the new stand - up - kiertueelle.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the director, which will help to shape the whole mid - at the beginning of the journey, and I would like, and I do not believe that the end never give it up feeling.
So this is his new jälleensyntyminen?
I think so.
I play --
It is really fun.
Näytellessä constantly told story, and I feel in this task.
I love story.
People love story.
Kenya will draw up a register of officials to eliminate 'haamutyöntekijät'
Kenya has begun drawing up biometric a register of officials in an attempt to eliminate the payroll of the 'haamutyöntekijät' the government.
Workers, who are not registered in the register in the next two weeks, should no longer do not pay, the government, it was reported in the press.
Doubts that thousands of government to continue to pay for their virkamiestehtävä.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to eradicate corruption in the public Sector took office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the checks on haamutyöntekijöiden 'dumping' wages and other economic abuse took month at least million dollars.
Government suspects that the salaries paid to the accounts, when even after the person has died or virkamiestehtävä, BBC Wanyama nairobista Chebusiri reported capital.
All the officials must inform themselves register tunnistuskeskuksissa during the next few weeks, in order to ensure that their data to be stored biometrisessä registration in the communiqué, told the government.
According to the press, all who fail to do this without proper reason, removed from the payroll.
'This measure significantly rationalises the public Sector, because it defines, in how many lives really works task. in addition, it will be purged payroll both levels. the government will resolve problems' haamutyöntekijöiden ',' says Anne Waiguru, of decentralisation and the officials of the Ministry of planning cabinet.
The results of the Seinäjoki financial year 2015 May eur 25.5 million deficit, unless the cities sopeuta activities and menokehitystään in tense economic situation.
On the basis of the current talousarviovalmistelu vuosikate is becoming about 9.4 million deficit.
As potential tehostaakeino were present and level of compromise on the scope of the services and the purchase of services, the sale of property and grants, and the increase in taxes and maksutuotto.
The investment of eur 10 million karsintatavoite in as a whole is 8.5 million.
The situation of the municipalities are not allowed in relief.
New obligations for municipalities, insufficient growth, increasing unemployment and the valtionosuus of tax cuts further weakening of the prospects of 5%.
The purpose of the talousseminaari is to look for new ways of balancing the economy.
Municipal council is agreed that savings have to achieve.
Ships must reverse the objectives of the strategy, says the President - in - office of the municipal Kimmo Heinonen.
Municipal council returned still the Management team valmisteltaviksi made proposals.
As the basis of the proposals are, of the municipal corporation of the city of the board of governors in talousseminaari framissa on Monday on 8 September.
After the valtuustoseminaari budget goes through the lautakuntakäsittely municipal council and to the council.
Dozens of turkkipoliisi been arrested on suspicion 'plot against' government
In total, 33 police have been arrested in Turkey 'suspected' plot against the government, local medialähde tell.
Police authorities are not commented on immediately.
Hurriyet daily news - according to the press, among those arrested was 14 of high - level police officials.
Part of the police was in Connection with the korruptiotutkimus last December, which was the subject of government officials, including the four government Minister.
In July, a number of police were arrested in Turkey on charges of the organisation of a broad rikollinenvyyhti and monitor the telephone.
The President of the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan (which measures during that time as) said to be part of the action of the police islamistijohtaja Fethullah gullenin against him and other power in the planned activities.
All children do not go to school in Ukraine
Most of the school opened its doors to Ukraine on Monday (on 1 September) after the summer recess.
Traditionally, is an important day for families, and thousands of other ukrainalaisvanhempien way, also Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took their daughters to school.
At the same time, he told the journalists waiting for that all schools are not re - opened, but he said that he was committed to defending countries for future generations:
The ceremony of the first day of the September is not spent in every school.
There is no Peace in the whole of Ukraine.
We must fight for Peace.
Ukraine, the whole huge ukrainalainenrintama as a whole has to contend for Peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, which is the guiding teachers slavianskin in schools, where yatsenyukin daughter is, spoke to Russia.
We hope that Peace will come back at last and that children can get something to learn, which is of benefit to them in the future.
The celebrations are traditionally the first school children kirjaillut shirt, ilmapallo and each to teachers.
According to the Texas Perry libellous twiitti was unauthorised
Of the governor of Texas Rick vahvistetuli from Twitter accounts of Mr Perry was sent on Sunday evening in the images of the democrats piiriasianajaja between this kuullessa accusations relating to the abuse of power.
Tweetti later removed, and it was followed by a new tweetti, which Mr Perry swore that he has nothing to do with the picture.
Tweetti was sent on accounts.
'I do not accept tweettiä and I am removed its', said in a later publications.
Mr Perry's taustajoukko do not immediately responded to the selvennyspyyntö.
Although tweetit sent the Perry vahvistetuli from Twitter accounts, it is not clear who picture of the published.
The first twiitti contained defamation cartoons travisin piiriasianajaja Rosemary lehmbergistä drink driving, who was sentenced in April 2013.
The funding of Mr Perry prevented lehmbergin posts, when this refused to resign, which led to a great deal of jury meet this month when the Perry gatesville accused. Mr Perry on the potential candidates of the presidential elections in 2016.
Tweetin title: 'I do not, at least in hops three times larger promillemäärä permitted... but when that happens, I blame Mr Perry governor finger'.
I am the Texas humalaisin democrats.
Lehmbergin agency has not been a great deal of jury research against Mr Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, San antioniossa operate erikoissyyttäjä which republikaanituomari ordered to do.
Mr Perry has said that he is innocent and invited to accusations political plot.
His influential oikeusaputiimi has asked for judges to reject the accusations of Asia and said that the law, on the basis of which the governor of Texas longest in office is accused is against the constitution peilattuna unclear.
Mr Perry has cut eur 7.5 million dollars state aid to the public services responsible for violations of the member States, which works travisin piirikunta and manage the accusations of the public Sector, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Mr Perry's decision was left on the group to give a formal complaint on the matter.
Mr Perry's strengthened Twitter accounts is regularly updated -- and sometimes also kuuluisasti.
Once the fifth place Iowa in cologno monzese, the 2012 during the presidential election campaign Perry uhosi publishing Twitter to end a draw a picture of the text itself lenkkeilemässä lakes' will be here, with the South Carolina! '.
According to the Berkeley, housing are again 'normal'
One of the main promoter of the London has warned that the South - East of England to the housing market have 'come back' normal activity.
The London housing has been a huge capital steep rise in demand and while, at the same time, is dreaded widespread luottokupla, which led to the Bank of England to the restrictions to mortgages in June.
A high level of the founding fathers of the property developer Berkeley and the President - in - office, tony Pidgley said on Monday that 'this talousvuosi since the beginning of the market and the volume of Trade are returned after the normal a thorn 2013' and added that this has enabled US to 'a stable environment'.
The housing market went well during the recession in London in hordes of foreign investors in capital cities.
According to information from the Land in the city of housing prices rose by 18.5% last year alone, and so clearly exceeded that of England and Wales, which was 6.7% of the average of the.
The private, affordable and opiskelijarakennus Berkeley keskimyyntihinta rose by around one fifth in the previous year, achieving the rise in the price of GBP 423 000 by the end of April.
Strengthened GBP has, However, the buildings less attractive to London - over the last few months have also contributed to this part of the interest of possible new kiinteistöverolaki and political rhetoric 'kartanovero' before the yleinenvaali of May.
London kiinteistönvälittäjä Foxtons warned that last week, the April asuntolainaraportti, where stricter lainausmääräys told, would matalampaan markkinakasvu the level of both of sales of property and with regard to the prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England the latest information on Monday showed that the number of loans fell adopted in July, which refers to the viileneviin housing.
Kiinteistönvälittäjä hamptons International has fallen by 2015 forecasts for the price of the buildings in London. according to the opinion of the 3% lower prices, because asuntoomistaja deterioration has already begun on the mittaava price index.
The volume of Trade agreements expensive region chelseassa Mayfair in London and kensingtonissa is tippunut quarter of a year ago kiinteistönvälittäjä WA Ellis says.
The demand for homes in the capital, However, is a blessing for Berkeley, which has increased income from property sold to over GBP 2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that 'well, right through the demand for the best location of the product has remained stable and, therefore, has remained a lively sale'.
In June, the company told myyneensä 742 new homes 3 April last year. this is almost a third of the pre - more than the crisis at the time of the iceberg in 2007.
Annual before tax lasketut profits rose by 40% years ago and is thus GBP 380 million to GBP 1.6 billion turnover grew by 18%.
Pidgley told on Monday before the annual meeting of the companies that, thanks to the years of the Berkeley reflect the current expectations of the market.
Analysts agree that throughout the year pre - tax profits on 450 million pounds.
The Berkeley shares sold this afternoon in the London stock exchange prices GBP 23,96 steadily.
Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuva leaked hackers and networks
Annual Academy Jennifer Lawrence arrives 85. Awards - palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
Hackers, who claims that he possesses the image of the 100 other stars leaked Oscar - actors Jennifer Lawrence nakukuva to net.
The representatives of the nälkäpeli star confirmed that the picture are genuine and condemned the hackers' and the violation of privacy '.
Authorities have been in contact with, and all who publish Jennifer Lawrence stolen picture will be able to obtain accusations.
Images which originally was published 4chan - kuvanjulkaisusivulla were obviously ended up into the wrong hands because of the weakness of their Apple's icloud - recording. one hundred victims of hacking, including a list of stars allegedly dozens of other nainentähti, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary - margins Olsen BuzzFeed, said.
They do not know how a large part of the picture is genuine, albeit Scott Pilgrim against World star Winstead condemned the hacking Twitter.
'To those who are watching my husband home and privacy in years ago by picture: I hope you have a good mind', Winstead twiittasi.
Nickolodeonin 'icarly' and 'Victorious' series victor, However, Justice denied picture of the authenticity and twiittasi, However, that 'these so - called alastonkuva I believe are counterfeit, do you not understand'.
Allow me to put an end to this at the outset.
Buzzfeedin announced late on Sunday that poptähti Ariana Grande representatives banned stars on the authenticity of the picture.
Only we ilmestyvä ote Howard jacobsonin thank you new novel, which tells of love and J of the letter -
What has HAPPENED is they liukenivat, it best described gradually they irtosivat than out pahvilaatikko caught in the rain.
Only occasionally he heard women, that it was too serious arduous, intensive, from, and perhaps also a little piikikäs.
Then he heilautti hands.
He identified piikikkään.
Yes, he was piikikäs than siili.
The latest victim was in the early stages of his a thorn, However, been relations, which had been promising; it was shown that this relationship could facilitate his lonely dull, and it would perhaps have been able to bring his life even something content.
Ailinn solomonsilla kesyttämättömät hair and he was sensitive hentoinen kaunotar iloluontoisella heart, the Northern villages, which was still more prosaic and further away than Port Reuben everything.
He had come to the South with the parent enthusiastic, whose Kevern expected to be his täti. täti was inherited in the house, which was growers but paratiisimaisessa Valley and was the name of the Valley conveniently paratiisilaakso.
Anyone in the house was not lived for many years.
Pipeline vuotivat, was a hämähäkki, snail's pace in all kylpyhuone were left its mark on windows View the whole place as being theirs as well, rose in the garden weeds, who reminded huge kaalipää.
Huts was than the fairy tale of the child, and at the same time threatening the magic garden, full of secret.
The writer kertoma: Howard Jacobson, which is a novel 'J' conditions Booker - Prize winner in 2014.
Candidacy will be published next week
Kevern had sat hand in hand with ailinnin rikkinäisillä terassituoli long - in the middle of July, surprisingly, both of warm keväisestä afternoon enjoying listening hajamielisesti throughout the whole of the country, which I received a heard tyynnyttävää music and reassuring news, when ailinnin ristityt, the sun ruskettamat feet kevernin brought to mind the song, which was forgotten black laulanut long ago the performers and which his father was often have listened huts sälekaihdin low.
Their feet is too great.
Such song principle too aggressive, and they were no longer played in a receiver.
They had not been banned -- nothing has really been banned -- they are not only no longer played.
They wanted to leave into oblivion, as I said myself forgotten.
Public opinion led to what the law and to declare did not have been achieved: just as in the field of literature memoirs luettavakseen chose the heroes of the people, as regards the recipe book and romance, music they prefer balladi.
The day villiinnyttämänä Kevern began to dial illusory piano and sing serenadi ailinnin large back on their feet arrogant koomisella voice.
Ailinn did not understand.
'It was jazzpianisti Fats wallerin famous song', Kevern told him, and at the same time nature raised two finger at quiet.
So his father was always done, before the 'J' paper ehti escape from his lips.
It was started as a game between his father and his small.
His father told pelanneensa same game with their own father.
If päästit foot J: to begin with words, did you raise two finger on foot, jouduit pay a penny.
It was not very happy with it, and then it was now.
He knew that it was expected him, that is all.
He had to explain what is jazz.
Ailinn had never heard of the sort.
Jazz had not really been banned, it is not only played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life was the situation only if one - the word.
At the start of the song people wanted to know exactly where it to an end.
Nokkeluus had HAPPENED in the same way.
It was to anticipate, people nervous.
And through the jazz was music to the request for nokkeluus.
Although Kevern was not by 10 years of age have heard Junior Sammy Davis, jazz - music had become familiar with him his father puolisalaisen cd - through the collection.
No, at least that he did not have to tell ailinnille Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account the ailinnin age, it was likely that he could not to the time when popular singer were not black.
This did not need laws and coercion.
Obedience society meant that each parts of it adopted with gratitude -- with gratitude, that they were saved than Trade in luck -- the principle that each group did it natural things.
Temperament and physical capacity on the basis of the doctrine of Afro - people with the Caribbean sukujuuri best suited viihdyttämään and sport, so that they, and ran.
Originally were from the continent of India than with the nature of talented electrical appliances, so their task was to ensure that every family in the functioning of the telephone, which was used to deal with.
Those who were in after the Polish community, worked as a plumber; the last Greek broke plate.
When it HAPPENED, what HAPPENED, if it became reality, they were from Gulf and the middle East, which grandparents were not vikkelästi who have fled in fear that they are accused of flames roihahtaa and fear that they reach them, now opened fire restaurants, where tarjoiltiin labneh vesipiippu were burned - yoghurt and look to the country, and continued lives masentuneina luotuina and dull.
According to the gift of each should.
Only balladi Ailinn had heard, and he was difficult to understand how, kevernin just laulamat violate words had never been put to music.
Through the music expressed love.
'No, they are not really insulting', Kevern said.
I think perhaps not only isojalkaisten.
My father was offended anybody, but this never song him happy.
He had already said too many, but rejected garden created an illusion of security.
No words kulkeutuisi through äänieristys the giant kaalipääkasvi press.
Ailinn still not understood.
Why father loved something such?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise a warning finger two huuli ailinnin.
Ailinn him had already strange.
'It was the View of the father amusing', 'he said instead.
Ailinn pudisti decide disbelief, and his hair covered kevernin horizons.
Does nothing to see here in the World as a whole ailinnin huge, varismusta hiuspehko.
He did not want to see anything else.
If you say so ',' he said but not sounded convinced.
It is not, However, explain why tune it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely perplexed.
Whether foot so big?
He considered again.
Your feet really are not great.
Ankle, perhaps, a little...
And you vihaat me, because the ankle are too fat?
Hatred you?
I do, of course, hatred.
It was only stupid song.
He would have been able to say 'I love you', but it was still too early to it.
'You because I think the charming paksujen goal', he tried to remedy the situation.
I am perverse it in mind.
This was not help.
He had wanted it become hauskalta.
Often, when he wanted to hauskuuttaa, the impact on the was quite different, because from him, such as his father, was it convincing charmi, which can control the cruelty of the joke.
Perhaps his father was meant to be a cruel.
Perhaps he Kevern, wanted the same.
Despite lempeistä eyes.
Ailinn Solomons punastui and terassituoli and brought up at the same time a receiver and läikytti drinking wine, which is what they were.
Only seljakukka wine was made, so that he could not be used as the reasons for the törmäily.
In nervousness, he seemed tärisevän than palmupuu newspapers in the storm.
'And you thick on it, which I am wicked sinussa appeals,' he said...
But that does not seem to me to it.
Kevern was in favour of regrets ailinnin, both for the sake of their own, unnecessarily cruel words, and that it because of the fear, which was in the eyes of this moment, when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Luuliko Ailinn that he would?
He had never told kevernille life hyisessä in islands in the North, where he was increased, but Kevern was sure that essentially it was the same as life here.
The same, a huge, hyinen Sea which aaltoili against them.
The same mixed feelings about men, albeit after the event yet kalpeammat and pirullisemmat than smugglers and hajottajaisovanhempansa, moved from pubs pub, ready to every women, who would dare to oppose or kiusoitella them.
Thick access?
Yet, if he would see the thick fist should be careful!
First imuta -- pussata erotic had become the most common cause of men and women in the face of a word; a receiver out of pumppaavien meaningless rakkausballadi antidote -- imuta first and then attack.
I think kevernin even that was too much, because already imuttaminen was itself hostile.
Ailinn solomonsin kehonkieli called on him to leave.
He pulled themselves out of the terassituoli than the old men.
Also Ailinn uupuneeksi, but the depths of the kevernin sadness felt by him.
This was not the end of the World.
They felt barely one another.
Ailinn followed his expenditure -- just as his enthusiastic katseli kevernin window of expenditure upstairs -- men, which was itself as a reason for heavy lives.
Aatami leaving garden, he wondered.
He hours säälitunne keverniä men and, in general, even though some of them had raised their hands strike against him.
Turning their backs on has been turned, kumarainen, häpeävä, men, which was lost all morale -- why he felt that this was a sight him so familiar, Although he is not remembered that would have time before this moment have seen in the past?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone, he felt that their feet again.
Just a few years before the events and intelligent, enthusiastic 32 - year - old researchers Esme Nussbaum, who worked in public opinion mittaavassa private institutions ofnowissa, made a short lack of research and the continuation of keskikovan violence in the areas of the country, where the reduction of the violence, or even end, was likely, taking into account the money used to eradicate it and energy.
'Much has already been achieved, and there is still much to be done', he wrote, 'in order to compensate for thousands of years taistelleen and more often than not rejected won the natural aggressiveness, particularly those of the people and in remote corner, where despite the over - church tower of hedgerows ihminenlempeys rarely in the course of time, it is a well - known.
However, some things not voitane abolished altogether.
The higher the tower, lower are whims.
People cries sentimentaalisten balladi, ahmii voitetuista story about adversity and vannoo marriage and family life in the name of the virtues of atrocities, but at the same time sores must hellittämättömässä occasions in both maalainenyhteisö kaupunkimaisia yhteinenasuinalue, and is also evidence of a new, pahasieluisemmasta riitelytahto, at home, in the workplace, in the streets and even playground.
'You', it is an unfortunate tendency to dramatise his comment on reading the report as a whole.
I would suggest that luet less the roma.
Esme Nussbaum fell to look to the country.
In addition, I have to ask: are you atheist?
I believe there is no need for me to answer that ',' Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you lesbians?
Still Esme appealed to the right to be to respond to the personal question.
Feminists?
Once again the silence.
',' I ask Luther Rabinowitz said, 'because I am opposed to the ateismi, lesboseksuaalisuus and feminism.
This is not maintained prejudices at the workplace.
We are a servant of society.
Although a degree of intolerance in itself is perfectly acceptable and praiseworthy, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcome, to what I have just esitit me.
You have clearly something against the church -- and what you call atrocities or generally pahasieluisuudeksi, other appoint luontaiseksi energy and fyysiseksi intensity.
'What HAPPENED, if HAPPENED, as if it had HAPPENED yesterday, if it HAPPENED in the first place, destroys fundamental vitality of countries.
Esme Nussbaum felt around rabinowitzin speaking.
Behind the rabinowitzin reach flamingonvaaleanpunainen led light declared instructions, which was divided countries already Ofnow the one quarter of the last century or longer.
To smile on our neighbours, values partners, in listening to balladi is musikaali, use the telephone, we are discussing, explain, to listen, not agree, are not apologising.
To talk about is better than the silence and sung is better than the written word, but nothing can love.
'I understand very well what you say', Esme Nussbaum replied subdued voice, when we were sure that her director had finished ', and I would just like to say that we are not just as effectively than we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that, if not forewarned US, we can see toistavamme the same mistakes that were initially led to what HAPPENED, if HAPPENED.
This time, Although we do not intend to vihaamme and contempt for the second.
Luther Rabinowitz was pointing the finger at the pyramid.
This gesture meant infinite patience.
'You go too far,' he said, 'kuvaillessasi' mistake 'acts that are grandparents to have them do or fail.
You go too far sanoessasi that they vuodattivat 'hatred and contempt other' '.
You should not have to remind you that in the kaltaisessasi role when it comes to the Understanding of the past, or the defence of present, we are not talking about 'US' or 'them'.
There was no 'US' and 'the other'.
It was a time of chaos, it all, what we know.
'If', we are quite honest, in the chaos Esme ever ventured to continue, 'no groups in society can say käyttäytyneensä well.
I do not blame anyone.
What was done, was whether it was a good or bad.
When it was then.
There is no need to talk about more -- we agree on this.
And, just as it is unnecessary to distribute the accusations, do not need to make corrections, whether they are justified or not, and even if someone way to make them.
But what then there is the past, for if it does not learn the lessons from --
There is the past, so that we can forget it.
If I May add one thing --
Luther Rabinowitz broke pyramid.
I shall go through report on ',' he said and was expressed that esmen time to leave.
The next day his work with him was pavements in the normal way motorcyclists, whose driving passers - by a described 'pahasieluiseksi and raivoisaksi'.
By chance happens.
The army in Lesotho ban suunnitelleensa attacks; Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
The officials of the army have banned lavastaneensa in Lesotho government for the plunge the attacks and said that they are acting against the police, which was trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Mr Thomas Thabane, fled the country, in other words, that the army had piirittänyt his official housing and has government buildings in the capital maserussa.
The heads of state with matkasi family into neighbouring South Africa kerrottuaan that has received kuolouhkaus.
The representatives of the army Ntlele massud Ntoi attacks and said that the army was banned from this threat, which was' political fanatics. it has been said tried arm the fanatics of the police.
'Lesotho military action, after a number of intelligence, according to which some of the police forces are trying to arm when these young puoluefanaatikko prepared problem', he told the voice of America - news agency.
The President of the government of South Africa Clayson monyelan seemed vallankumousyritys measures that the army.
Even if no one has said 'kumonneensa government by force, it seems likely that the activities of the armed forces in Lesotho in every respect for the hallmark', he says.
According to the officials of the army soldiers return to their barracks in Lesotho, and on Sunday in the capital, was a peaceful atmosphere.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing lead government thabanen absence.
Thabane says, that is the subject of measures, because he believes he has tried to fight against corruption.
In Lesotho tensions have arisen since June, when the Thabane cut off the sittings of the parliament of the Grand coalition government due to disagreements.
He ban so väheksyneensä the power of the government, despite pronouncements to the contrary.
Kauppalehti: the Microsoft basis datakeskus uudellemaalle
Tietotekniikkayritys Microsoft has set up a great deal of datakeskus uudellemaalle place location, which refuses to companies.
In the information sent to media companies Microsoft says that it does not reflect all the location of the datakeskus for security reasons.
According to the Microsoft centre is already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
It is for many hundreds of millions of dollars Microsoft investment.
Publicity in the place of the centre was previously widely Oulu or Kajaani.
Microsoft stopped altogether, the Oulu offices, which deprives the approximately 500 people jobs.
In total, Microsoft has announced its staff in Finland maximum 1 050 jobs.
The Microsoft viestintäjohtaja camilla Lindfors says STT: that companies commented on how many staff for the new datakeskus employment.
The establishment of the datakeskus uudellemaalle told kauppalehti on Monday.
In men accused of girls päälleajo liikennevaloristeys
The 78 - year - old man accused kolmevuotiaan girls to drive in the liikennevaloristeys fifessä.
Gordon sir Jack Stewart is accused of the girls to drive at a crossroads pittenweenissä eastern neukissa.
According to the public prosecutor, sir Jack Stewart drove the Audi Q 3 - unwisely and caused for girls injuries.
Sir Jack Stewart, 78, banned from anstrutherista charges in the sitting dundeen Sheriff.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to take place in January.
Four clues to better snagged pictures and videos
If you want to take images or videos under water, you have various laitevaihtoehto valittavanasi.
Cheapest option is vedenkestävä, kompakti point - and - shoot - cameras, such as the Coolpix niko AW 120 or action - cameras, as GoPro Hero3 + Silver editio, both of which cost approximately usd 300.
I personally took these images perhejuhla using various cameras, each of which cost less than usd 350.
Regardless of the equipment there are a few rules, which are worth being complied with.
Amend equipment at least twice.
However, if you would be watertight cameras, ensure that batteries and other parts of the cameras has been closed watertight.
Moreover, does the cameras kuvausasetus to respond to the serious images or video.
In some cameras or in combination of cameras and videokamera on regulation, which will enable optimising kuvausolosuhteet under water.
In addition -- before boarded water, make sure how deep equipment can take.
Some sustainable only 5 foot the depths of the cameras, the depths of the second even 60 feet.
Out both ordinary and vedenpitäviin model in buying oppaassamme and digikameroiden criticism.
Take several picture -- many of them fail in some way.
In kompakteissa cameras on LCD screen, through which can sommitella image, while in often do not have this action - cameras qualities.
Even if you LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the picture of the layout can either success or failure.
So take several picture.
If, in addition, cameras allows haarukointi, which means the inclusion of several picture at once in a different regulation, make use of this qualities.
Keep close to the surface.
Light will be reduced significantly deeper.
If possible, not close to the surface kuvatessasi - in swimming pools, in lakes or in the ocean.
So you can image, but also more colours; what deeper see you go, the fewer colour.
Trying to get close to kuvattavaa targets.
This is an important country kuvattaessa advice, but even more important under water, because the light - conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when in use is action: these - cameras in equipment, it is often a fixed lentils, which has a large kuvakulma, namely the photographer should be close to the sites, in order to meet the framework of the whole picture.
China does not give the Hong Kong to choose their leaders -- demonstrators swearing revenge
On Sunday, the Chinese parliament decided that the voters of Hong Kong must not be allowed to choose the 2017 elections growing, Democratic reforms, despite the hard unrest.
Probably decision gives the spark of long odotetuille protests of the Hong Kong Business activists have begun to devise and implement the just hours after the publication of Decisions.
In practice the decision of the National People's Congress of China to give power to the communists to eradicate all the candidates, which do not comply Beijing.
'This was to be expected, but it is outrageous,' says the President - in - office of the Democratic Party, legislators Emily Lau.
This is not what it promised in Beijing.
They have lied hongkongilaisille.
It is clear that we are acting with the dictatorial regime.
Li of the Deputy secretary - general of the committee on the National People's Congress of China Fei defended the Chinese regime, saying that the leaders of the general candidates Hong Kong to valitessa would be too 'chaos'.
Since 1997, the British the Hong Kong to China to Beijing promised the inhabitants of these regions, that it should choose leaders from the year 2017.
According to the head of the China Sunday's decision was a Democratic breakthrough, because it will allow the Hong Kong Decisions could vote in direct elections, but also makes it clear that China wants to strictly control through the electoral process nimittääkomitea, governed by Beijing.
According to the new clause, only candidate countries who 'love and love Hong Kong', will be adopted.
The summer was held in Hong Kong some of the Decisions of protests from the region of the biggest and the most attention for years.
Behind of the campaign for the defence of democracy was largely Occupy Central with love and prevent the Peace movement, which have threatened the organisers of the activities of the Business World quarter, if not for Hong Kong Beijing genuine universal suffrage.
Sunday, just hours after the publication of Decisions, hundreds of Occupy the proponents of the Central movement met to the Hong Kong päähallintorakennus rain.
In demonstrations the organisers of announced movements to move to a new era of civil disobedience and they wave in the coming weeks.
They are told details obviously fear, However, that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In its communiqué online published by the organisers said that 'must Occupy Central - staging as a last resort, which will be introduced only if there is no hope of dialogue and there is no other way'.
We very much regret to announce that today, the last chance dialogue has foundered and the centre of the market will happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have already prepared the Beijing's announcement at the time of day, and on Sunday government were strict security measures. there were close to the headquarters of the police and the barricades, for example.
In Hong Kong unrest feeds the feelings of many that the city of inhabitants are gradually losing power.
Wave continent who has caused the competition of products and services.
Moreover, live fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing the Beijing under growing pressure.
Some have criticised Occupy the Central movement, because it protests threaten the lifeblood of Hong Kong -- Business.
'Protest, they are talking about, May lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people to take part in and how long it will last,' says the legislator Regina Ip, which has long been critical movement.
We do not want that spread concern that Hong Kong is slipping out of control.
This image would be bad for investment.
The Chinese government has also been story in the media, according to which the Hong Kong Pro - democracy activists have revolution and the henchmen of Western power '.
This summer activists organised an informal referendum on voting rights, which was attended by 780 000 people -- more than one fifth of voters of Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands of participated in one of the largest democracy in the region of demonstrations.
The prom traditions of the United States is hitting the British universities: the new students yksityinenjetti
Responding to the demand by setting up the British in into the first luksusluokka travel today's students.
Company offers yksityislentokone but also other vehicles, such as Rolls - Royce phantomin Aston, Martin or McLaren P 1: the memorable, as far as possible, so that customers can ensure the University of arrival.
According to the Stewart services is also security.
Services is the best possible option for students across the country, which, incidentally, raahaisivat property to lastatuissa in cars.
When this is combined with the many VIF - characteristics (), we are prepared to provide hospitality friends as easy as possible for the today's students to universities and high - quality Transport.
According to the company representatives reservations, has not yet come, because services has only been set up, but added that 'students will begin over the next few weeks of the actions of orders'.
Companies believes that there is a demand for services, even though the most pay of GBP 9 000 students lukuvuosimaksu.
Today's students are very different in terms of the expectations and hopes than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago studies begun. it is now more important than ever to create a memorable impression, and VIF is precisely the right way to do it.
However, National student criticised services, which is not realistic.
According to the Vice - President of the organisations korkeakouluosio mega Dunn 'this really palvelusuunnitelma seems to be far removed from the life of the opiskelijaenemmistö'.
Many studies will begin this month järkyttyvät at the cost of living level, when financial support available in the form of loans and grants are lagging behind the peruselinkustannukset huikeasta rise. only can now begin to consider what would be, thousands of available to something as simple as to enter than campus.
In ipswichin 'sikatalo' sales
Kiinteistönvälittäjä removed the house in Suffolk sales myyntikuva huomattuaan that the picture in the house in elephant iso lying pigs.
With one's bedroom houses, which the price is GBP 120, 000 is located private ipswichissä along the way.
Announcement was picture of the elephant, where nojasi decide sohva pigs.
Kiinteistönvälittäjä according to connellsin picture of the pigs on the owners of pets.
'Image, However, ended up in the announcement of damage, and it has since been deleted', says the representative of the companies.
Announcement in more kokoustalo 'unique Connells describes the house' one's bedroom.
Although kiinteistönvälitys has removed the picture verkkosivuilta, it is still reflected in advertisements.
The sale of houses has aroused interest in social media, which has been, is the price of pigs houses.
Torres marques departure from the confirmed, Kagawa return ManU dortmundiin
Torres marques departure espanjalainenhyökkääjä Fernando chelseasta confirmed, but at the same time substitute came in almost open.
Chelsea announced pestanneensa nelivuotisella agreement ranskakärki loic remyn naapuriseura QPR of gdp.
According to newspaper reports, the price is eur 13 million.
Torres, 30, moves AC milaniin kaksivuotisella loan agreement.
He moved chelseaan liverpoolista ennätyksellisellä sum of GBP 50 million, four years ago, but never fulfilled expectations.
The decision also became japanipelaaja Shinji kagawan failed trip Manchester unitediin.
Kagawa return as expected, the German abramovich Borussia dortmundiin, in which he did before a breakthrough ManU - siirtoaan.
According to newspaper reports, the vendor is around eur 8 million.
Recent kagawan agreement is a four - year.
I wanted to make this dream a reality in the Premier League.
I am now pleased when I was once again dortmundin men.
This is a great team and miraculous environment, Kagawa said.
The second bundesliigaseura the Berlin Hertha strengthened kaloulla of solomon.
The maajoukkuehyökkääjä moves herthaan French côte d'ivoire, and siirtosumma - it is estimated at around eur 3 million.
Lille before Kalou, 29, played in 2006-12 chelseassa.
Eight dead in the Paris kerrostaloräjähdys already the
On Monday, the number of fatalities rose by eight after kerrostaloräjähdys in the suburbs of Paris.
Rosny sous - in bois'n suburban on Sunday in the 11 people were injured in, four of them seriously.
On Monday, rescue workers are still elonjääneitä ruins of the houses of discovery, but I hope the decreased.
The initial cause of the explosion, is suspected kaasuvuoto.
The explosion occurred early on Sunday and was so strong that it vavisutti buildings within a radius of more than 100 metres.
We put our entire house were: vapisimme fear.
Explosion was so strong that replaces tolls', described in turmapaikka neighbours Maryline Yyvon.
Close to schools pystytettiin already on Sunday Emergency accommodation for the inhabitants of houses.
In part only life - star presentation at 5 p.m.
Only in the opportunity presented to life - a series of stars.
For the sake of met earlier in the day programme for the first time after the one of a series of description.
The part of the early evening tähtistä is media tavattavissa Nelonen Expo name kantavilla TV fairs.
In opportunity Nelonen media presents as syysohjelmisto tens ruutukasvot
Only life - are involved in a series of the autumn Vesa - Matti Loiri, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
In some of them is therefore iltatilaisuus and ISTV: the present in the direct broadcasts.
An opportunity to begin to Sebastian rejmanin juontamalla Nelonen various channels of the media in the presentation of the autumn of software.
After the proportion guided ISTV: the camera crew seek only life - an interview with the stars.
The article has been updated: all only life - performers are not present in the opportunity here this evening.
According to data just have the opportunity at the beginning of May be a slight delay.
There does not appear to be all mobiililaite broadcasts.
HJK Trinidad and getting players tobagosta
The European football League coped with the Trinidad and tobagosta HJK is taking on a new players.
According to the country pääsarjaseura W Connection FC HJK has done the loan agreement Joevin Jones.
On 23 - year - old keskikenttäpelaaja Joevin Jones, who has done W connectionissa 55 matches in 28 paints.
National team Trinidad, and Trinidad and Tobago 35 match the Jones has played.
The first to siirtouutinen kertoneen Socawarriors - according to jalkapallosivuston Jones has been one of the last two tähtipelaaja TT 'Pro - League period.
W Connection - according to the following Jones travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed transfers.
Bulgaria's prison should be the National protests
Hundreds of prison officers around the capital Bulgaria demonstrated before the Ministry of Justice in Sofia.
They declared that they want back to the old työskentelysäännös in the peaceful demonstration, which was recently amended.
Also wage increases are to be discussed with Mr Ivanov, Hristo temporary, the Minister for Justice.
The officials have been months and months of prison symbolically protested against the new contribution period, saying that they want to return to the old rota of 24 hours.
The organisation of the prison officers and the Ministry of Justice, despite the meeting of the representatives agreement was not reached on this issue, the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) says.
Negotiations are currently taking place, the leaders of the Directorate - general of the enforcement of judgments rose to the Zhelyazkov told BNR.
Prison officers of the organisation of protests are expected to also members of the kauppaliitto of workers at the Interior Ministry.
Basketball fans almost too much encouragement: Sasu departed for the airport in the chamber was pyörtyä
Basketball Sasu embodiment of the chamber was today the profits of Finland.
He could forget the usa - ottelunsa sysimusta and selätti the blood of the second half of the Ukraine seisauttavilla solutions.
But transferred all the credit of the chamber - and it has done to susifan style:
Oft meinasin pyörtyä there on the ground in the end, it was so great encouragement.
In our eyes, but nothing eyed, could not.
It was noise and the White yleisömeri mulle almost too much.
The Salin tehohetki considered include nine surface in the fast pace, palloriista, levyri and buffeting which HAPPENED in places where.
I do not know how it HAPPENED, but I had a flow - a situation that all managed.
But something will be incredibly important place, sometimes, now quite Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role.
To do all of that.
It was good to see that other were now to adhere to the plot.
It took the whole of the gangs.
The chamber and the team ilopilleri henkiluoja, so it is no wonder that his example raised for the whole of the team flights, which was large and kovakouraiselle to Ukraine's viisikko too much.
In Finland the World Cup after a gap of 32 years: to previous was an outrageous tuomaripeli
Bagfuls driving Heikki Montonen (oik.) was the Finnish päävalmentaja during the World Cup Championship in Argentina in 1982.
It is 32 years since last time, when the Finnish men lentopallomaajoukkue played the World Cup lopputurnauksessa.
Seppo Sirkka was the only suomalainenkuvaaja in the 1982 Championship in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was present players' agents, Jouni kakkonenvalmentaja and Finland Parkkali yleispelaaja.
Kosonen and Parkkali turnaus remember one thing than in yesterday's: it was alkulohko tulikuuma game against France.
'In the match ratkaisupallo tuomaripeli flagrant', was commemorated Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled takaviiva.
Suddenly game jatkettiinkin.
We lost after three, and its pasma sekosivat more ', told Parkkali.
Finland played päävalmentaja Heikki montosen command and 17: nneksi took place at the end of the day.
In Finland is among the World's valioiden again now, when the World Cup Championship gets off the ground today of Poland on Saturday.
Many things have changed dramatically during International lentopallo for 32 years.
The strength of the players - values are roughly the same category as before, but there is now more quality and skills.
The average length of players have also increased.
Game is faster ', wondered Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish pelaajamateriaali has expanded, and be able to share the burden.
I expect that Finland will alkulohko to continue.
We can then become already strict ', estimates Kosonen.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were attacks against the Victorious match in tunisia.
The current players' agents, Jouni Parkkali was yleispelaaja in the World Cup Championship.
Let US hope that now petrataan 17 instead.
South Korea and tunisia should go to the wall ', said Parkkali.
Lajilegenda Reino Kosonen kakkonenvalmentaja of National team, was in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and rocks Körkkö tuulettivat matches in tunisia.
Sauna and iltahartaus merimieskirkko in Buenos Aires were National programme for the football World Cup Championship in 1982.
Kali (oik run aground.) venytteli with joukkuetoveri.
Because young people - laulukilpailun final competitive - not profits South Karelia
Therefore - laulukilpailun young people have the final veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen do not have the profits of the competition.
Other investments are not published in competition.
Laulunopettaja Teija Immonen according to the competition has been popular.
It amounts to a good experience.
Finalisti levyttävät yet song of competition.
Kilpailuhetki will always fine memory, Immonen says.
Suomalainenturisti rescued Cita - dog Mountains in Norway: 'these men deserve all the' thank you
When the norwegians Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were on Thursday in the lurch Mountains, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered help.
At the weekend Mikkelsen etsi 'International hero' on Facebook, in order to get to thank auttaja once again.
Mikkelsen told public Facebook - päivityksessä that with him on Thursday in the Mountains have been Cita - dog satutti tassu.
Injured dogs, was no longer able to walk in stark contrast terrain.
I have tried to position itself down, but I did not succeed, and so I had to allow it to be.
I tried many times to attract and withdraw it little forward its feet, but not only borne Mikkelsen, writes in updating.
According to mikkelsenin aid has not from the police, close hotels and not passers - by.
This evening's pimetessä situation began already seems to be threatened.
Fortunately occurred two traveller, who were willing to help: tamperelainen Antti Soini and his father Tuomo.
The men were at the highest Mountains galdhøpiggenillä visited Norway and put to the leiripaikka, when they saw women and in the midst of the dog slopes of the Mountains.
(Mikkelsen) situation was relatively calm.
We offered to help him with the dog, Antti evening sanomille Soini says in his message.
Soon also HAPPENED to come here with men, which was retkipatja German.
Patja, such as was citalle paari which dogs was injured.
Saksalainenmies to came after US, when we were considered moment, what to do with the dog and borne in the lap dog of the moment, down from the slope Soini says.
The picture: Tuomo Soini
Through the dog were stretcher retkipatja down.
According to the Soini performance was not physically heavy went slowly, but in a difficult terrain.
Happily, However, about a year and a half hours after the Cita was until down.
After what has HAPPENED, Mikkelsen etsi still on Facebook 'International hero', in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soini vastasivatkin him on Sunday, but apparently saksalainenmies is still tavoittamatta.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen welcomes.
If they have not helped me, we would not necessarily returned back.
I would like to find these people, because it seems to me that I thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve the thanks and honour, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, the Soini were already way home.
He had mikkelseniltä welcome membership: we are told that the Cita can already better!
Susanna mälkkiä sets out the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin to ylikapellimestari
Starting in the autumn mälkin three - year 2016 and an end in the spring of 2019.
The draft also includes two lisäkausi option.
The cellist of Mälkki began career.
He is internationally well - known Conductor and was Pro Finlandia Medal in 2011.
At the moment is the kaupunginorkesteri ylikapellimestari John Storgårds.
Beautiful and courageous fine and brave - a series of return to square today after the summer recess.
The name suppositions avausjakso raises questions.
All the time of the Finnish most popular saippuasarja fine and brave back today from the summer recess.
Paluujakso is the name of the 'oraalista happiness ericin clubs'.
In the Iltapulu ohjelmakuvaus period are the following:
Mr Eric and Donna discuss the family relationships, order syömäpuikkoruoka, drink White and remembering rakkaushistoria.
Mr Eric is a loyal kauluspaita - tyylilleen.
He has chosen to the colour of lounaspaita white, which lilertää.
Ridge provides katielle support this when the trauma caused by brooken and with regard to the Bill.
He does not yet Ridge, has got over the problem.
Bill is brookelassa to our own contradictions.
Brooke not like the fact that men is there to try him back.
'I Ridge, I wish you, Bill.'
Genetic deviations are diagnosed often abused
British women feared during the year for the death of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers believed the majority of the youth, that he was only a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with other diseases.
She suffered Charcot - Marie - really toothin disease (CMT). it means troops genetic diseases, which damage and nerve outside the backbone of the brain.
Charity CMT according to UK - hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön wrong diagnosis is a general problem in the case of CMT, because so little is known about them.
It is estimated that approximately 23 000 people in Britain suffer from CMT - disease, which causes symptoms motoriikka lihasheikkous, for example, in the difficult walking toes and kippuraisuutta.
Disease can also causes tunnottomuus or pain, and it is an incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms become worse over the course of time.
Rodgersin when he believed cholera friedreichin 13 - year - old ataksiaa (FA), which is a very bad selviytyäprosentti.
Rodgers believed that they would confined to a wheelchair before 18 and die before they reach the age of 30 years.
Currently, 51 - year - old mother of two children says that 'I knew that I cannot do the same things as a child than others.
Kaaduin daily, and all I took longer than the other.
I was never rullaluistelemaan or rullalautailemaan boy, and I am with the other children in schools, as I walked into and ran in a different way than others.
Rodgersin when 13 - year - old him several akillesjänne was cuts to their feet crooked. the cuts in the context of the doctors have left room he vilkaisi tutkimuspaperi quickly, where was his FA - affected by the disease.
'I felt guilt, because I was so curious home anyone, so I am told, but since I checked information on diseases in libraries and I wrote the FA Association', and he says.
When I received information from them, I was shocked and paniikinomaisessa in the situation.
I thought I was confined to a wheelchair by 18 years of age and kuolevani before täyttäisin 25, and in the meantime, slowly menettäisin capacity as a whole.
I went through this myself and envisage their own funeral.
By Rodgers tells US that the age of 17, he said that his walking had deteriorated so much than he had thought and asked doctors from this.
Doctors only hugged me and said: 'girls Gold, I do not believe that you have this disease, because otherwise you already in wheelchairs'.
I think that you something much less dangerous diseases.
On the basis of certain genetic tests he diagnosoitiin CMT - disease.
'When it was explained to me what CMT - on disease, I thought I would lykästäneen me', he says.
Charity CMT to draw attention to the UK - organise CMT months diseases.
Hundreds of migrants hiilivaunu was found in Macedonia
The authorities in Macedonia have found more than 100 illegal immigrants coal kuljettaneesta trains, the Interior of the country has said on Monday.
Illegal were mostly syrians and iraqi refugees.
This train had income in Greece.
Immigrants found late on Sunday velesistä Central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with the majority of them.
They did not know where they are, which came from and where we are heading in the ', said the spokesman of the Ministry of Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, migrants were paid around eur 3 000 each to get to Greece, and a further eur 800-900 further in order to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants pass through a great deal in a couple of million inhabitants of Macedonia on the way to Western Europe.
Syria is the bloody civil war of the three million people have already fled.
Guardian Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support the independence of Scotland:
Popyhtye Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined the supporters of the independence of Scotland.
According to the Guardian newspaper band tähdittävät summit in a few weeks' time in Edinburgh concert, which supports itsenäisyyshanke.
The Scottish independence referendum will be held on 18 September.
The communiqué Mogwai said that to vote is an opportunity for Scottish, which occur only once in their life.
Earlier, among other things, an actor Sean Connery has given its support to independence.
Instead, for example, brittitähti Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed, so that these remain as part of the British.
In gallup supporters of the independence have been at a loss.
The news of the difficulties of the Supermarket continued middle - my own country - evening say
The decline of tavaratalokauppa also continued in July, says in nîmes in ry.
According to the Supermarket and hypermarketketju turnover remained in July 3.2% lower than the years ago.
The worst is takunnut home and leisure products, the sale of turnover which fell by more than seven years ago%.
Also pukeutuatuote were Trade clearly less than last summer.
The value of the retail instead of everyday grew by almost three years ago in July%.
In most sales rose pienmyymälä and in the large supermarkets.
During the whole at the beginning of the year, i.e. in January - July of the turnover of the supermarkets and hypermarketti has shrunk by more than 2%.
Instead, the sale of goods has increased almost%.
'Hopes for the best joan riversin family'
Joan Rivers has been tajuttomana since, when he was in a Hospital in the centre of the new York, but his daughter was hopeful that today 81 - year - old comedian improves diseases.
Thank you for your continued support of love and ', Melissa Rivers wrote today.
I hope for the best.
Her mother was Mount due to the Sinai hospitals on Thursday sydänpysähdys. according to the source, then childminding Upper Yorkville in East sidessa Endoscopy - clinics announced its Emergency hospitals.
Doctors see him deliberately rauhoitettuna through the medicines and closely following his condition, until such time as his serious situation at the moment is a stable again.
Cases has caused a broad reactions in the public, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have provided support in the networks.
Areva - Siemens: the Olkiluoto kolmonenreaktori will be completed in mid - 2016
Areva has sent to the strength of the industry of the EU for the TVO Olkiluoto 3 updated timetable.
Arevan according to the press, the recent delays in the projects are mainly due to the fact that acceptance of the reactors automaatiojärjestelmä has been applied for.
The project has already years late.
TVO in May not given any assessment of the kolmonenreaktori valmistuaaika.
Nastola gift bottakselle rantatontti - the values of 1.4 hectares around eur 60000
The Nastola kunnanhallitus gift formulakuski Valtteri bottakselle of rantatontti 1.4 per hectare kärkjärven shores villähteeltä.
Kunnanhallitus showed fair urheilumieli and was unanimous.
There was no discordant note when Land, it was decided in the meeting says mayor Pauli Syyrakki.
Bottaksen lahjatontti on farm buildings - seven paragraphs.
Municipalities deregulation they still away from this year, with the exception of one.
Bottas has promised Land for building within two years of leisure housing.
We are impressed by that he is viihtynyt synnyinpitäjä and also wants to be here in the future.
Valtteri has every Sector - asteille to sport - careers and lives.
And, hopefully, will in the future, mayor says.
The mayor believes rantatontti rahalliseksi value of eur 40000-60000.
Is shallow beaches and child - friendly.
The ownership of the regions has been municipalities in over ten years.
Nastola has over the decades, with varying degrees of success, to have been successful in sport through lahjatontti in municipalities.
The World champion of keihäänheitto Parviainen Achilles heel and aerobic World champion wind mattasalo were omakotitontti municipalities and rakennuttivat hulppeat omakotitalo.
They do not, However, remained Nastola but sold in buildings and emigrated.
The Parviainen and mattisalo came Nastola in the work in the changed and then changed their lives elsewhere.
Bottas is syntyperäinen nastolalainen and his situation is different, Syyrakki tuumaa and believes in a permanent kotikunta bottaksen.
Hull pestasi ennätyssumma Hernandez clubs, the aggressor
Valioliigaseura Hull placed the following the Uruguay maajoukkuemies ennätyssumma Abel Hernandez procurement.
Hernandez exchange hulliin italialainenseura Palermo 9.5 million pounds, i.e. around eur 12 million.
The agreement is for three years.
Hernandez hit 14 paints, during the last term when Palermo won Serie B and rose to the Italian pääsarja.
He has done in the Uruguay National team in seven paints 14 match.
The World Cup of last summer - lopputurnauksessa Hernandez came in two matches exchange on the ground.
Abel is a fantastic procurement and shows how far we have come in a short space of time, said Hull päävalmentaja Steven Bruce.
On Monday the Hull also told he has acquired the senegalese maajoukkuekapteeni Mohamed diamen West hamista.
The Russian avaruuskoe was a failure - seksimatka posted gekko died
Russia's space increase by five little gekko are dead, says in the space agency Roscosmos newsletter of the Russian Federation.
Gekko matkasivat Foton M 4 - on the satellites in more than one and a half months.
Satellites returned to countries on Monday Morning at a time of Finland.
The purpose of the tests was to examine the gekko reproductive ability and use in paiottomassa situation.
In one of the four naara urosgekko and participated in experiments.
Although tests sounds bizarre, it was a serious intended.
Weightlessness of the impact of the development of the gekko eggs, for example against little is known.
Gekko impact can attempt to anticipate what effects the weightlessness would have on people to stay longer time, in a similar situation havainnollisti new Statesman in July.
According to roscosmoksen gekko kuolinaika and death - or the causes of this accident.
According to news agency interfaxin 'seksigekko' ristityt jäätyivät passengers.
Difficult, is also that same Foton - M 4: the on board matkanneet hedelmäkärpänen survived reissu easily, and were also offspring.
France is arrested at the airport Nice
The Nice French men of the suspected terrorist arrested on Saturday at the airport.
The 22 - year - old man was suspected jihadistiryhmän to recruit in Syria.
The French authorities informed on this matter on Sunday.
After the authorities had men, when this was attracted money 16 - year - old girls to go to Syria.
Girls was due to fly to Turkey and beyond the borders of from Syria.
Airlines did not believe the explanation of girls, according to which he was going to visit her grandmother living in Istanbul, but hälytti authorities.
Authorities contacted the father of the girl, which was completely unaware of the intentions of the daughter and told the authorities that the family does not have family in Turkey.
Man is according to the authorities from Chechnya, but he now lives in France.
The French tiedusteluviranomainen were already followed the actions of the men.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that the war in Iraq or Syria attracted radicalised young people are the safety risk also for France.
The citizens of the French authorities estimate that around 800 or in France the paper on during the last conflict have travelled to Syria, returned from there or is currently planning the departure to Syria.
Koponen: we have a good opportunity to victory
The wishes of the koripallomaajoukkue jatkopaikka are at stake, when Finland points today in the second World Cup matches in Ukraine.
If avaustappio had been expected to the United States, is once again to those countries, from which Ukraine Finland should take the necessary to jatkopaikka profits.
Ukraine is a good gangs, but I believe that we have a good chance of profits, Petteri Koponen anticipates.
The Ukraine on Saturday in the first World Cup matches the Dominican Republic 72-62.
The team prepare NBA veterans Mike Fratello, which is playing aggressive basketball command in Ukraine.
Ukraine's avainpelaaja is pelinjohtaja Eugene 'Pooh' Jeter, which sisters Carmelita Jeter is 100 metres from the World champion three years ago.
Dominikaanista against the Republic Jeter threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter rapid guys, but we are against such of the game in the past, and we must be in order, we normipuolustus Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is better than in yesterday's losses to the United States.
We must find its own strength again.
I can guarantee that on the ground is seen as a normal wolves, Möttölä said.
Hollywood star nakukuva spread in net - part of the alleged ensured aidoiksi
The Internet in spreading alastonkuva troops, which claims to well - known public figures.
Amongst other things, an actor Jennifer Lawrence has had victims' nakukuvakampanjan '.
Viihdesivusto TMZ has published by the representatives of the Lawrence angry comments, which would seem to confirm the authenticity of the picture.
This is a blatant violation of privacy.
Authorities have been in contact with, and anyone who publishes () Jennifer Lawrence stolen images on the Internet, will be to prosecute threaten representatives.
According to the TMZ actor Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread images are genuine.
He was taken these images years ago with her husband.
When I know that they destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine picture, which we saw chilling effort for this purpose.
I sympathise with all who were victims of hacking, he writes according to the website.
In my own name at Victoria Justice says instead actor images are counterfeit.
Genuine or falsified alastonkuva has also always margins uptonista, Kirsten dunstista, Ariana grandesta, hope, solosta Krysten ritteristä, Yvonne strahovskista and Teresa palmerista.
Honka maalivahti criticises likely to: 'do not do enough work to ensure that access to from here!'
Football club FC Honka is currently Veikkausliiga rather than the last.
Maalivahti the comments made by Mr Walter Viitala after Sunday's VPS matches reflect very confusing situation the clubs.
I do not have to four months have been maalivahtivalmentaja.
But everything must be adapted, 'Viitala said one or two - after the defeat struggle which ended.
Honka did much puolustuspää matches, in particular in the first half of the Errors.
Maalivahti Viitala was not bad puolustuspelata pleased.
Pelaajaliikenne has in Honka lively, and this is also the reason why this summer defenders Viitala have changed in the face of the pace.
Pelaajaruletti also with the many young players have the possibility, which they do not even necessarily deserves.
'Part is not doing enough to ensure that access to work, sometimes away' Viitala tuhahti without naming anyone individual players.
The Honka päävalmentaja Shefki Kuqi was, to some degree, to agree with the Viitala.
After the words' game that certain players, if you have treeni and game to keep fun and luulet yourself veikkausliigapelaaja, and you do not have to work, so you will be in the wrong team ', Kuqi said.
I have given peliaika for many young people.
If they do not want to take place and to exploit the opportunities it, so it is not my fault.
Also Kuqi reminded US, However, that can be expected to immediate success, when pelikaveri players are continually changing.
During this period has not been twice in a row the same composition.
Especially in puolustuspää porukka has changed.
It is the main reason why we in this place ', Kuqi said.
Honka is VPS - after the defeat of the sarjajumbo tasapiste, as with the second last to be TPS: in.
Veikkausliiga is still seven round, so there is still time to avoid fall espoolaisilla number one.
I have never tiputtanut team, and I am not going to access, now.
We will certainly prohibited this series', maalivahti Viitala uhosi.
Lars von Trier doing decades after a gap of TV series of
Film director Lars von Trier intends to return to TV series of factors.
Tanskalainenohjaaja is preparing a series of TV entitled the house that Jack Built.
Sarjahanke told Trier film producers louise Vesth today acted as the Festival of Venice on Monday.
Tuotantoyhtiö zentropan according to the press, a series of description of the should start in the year 2016.
Trier told this to a series of käsikirjoitustyö from autumn onwards.
A series of is the English.
Mysterious project will also note in Trier long - term partner, harsh exit of a well - known producers Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
He said that a series of similar 'never seen not become ever see'.
'Breathing' Aalbæk Jensen, says the communiqué.
Lars von Trier, 58, is known as the last year of a stir nostaneista mediaesiintyä and films, such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
Television he in the 1990s empire - a series of.
01.09.2014 15:20 for retail chain Lidl seems to have been the Finns, at least if tulosluku is to be believed.
Kauppakonserni lidlin activities of the Finnish pyörittävän Lidl Finland Kommandiittiyhtiö group the turnover of continued growth in the financial year that ended at the end of February.
Companies also their home - grown players.
Results before tax ylsi 79,6 million euro, when it was eur 56,4 million years earlier.
On behalf paisui turnover of eur 960 million to eur 1.2 billion.
Growth was to 25%.
The market share has also improved liiketulo companies from eur 61 million to eur 84 million.
Liikevoittoprosentti became 7.1.
Saksalaisomisteisen lidlin financial lasts until the end of February the beginning of March.
Company is paid in February päättyneeltä financial year from taxes to Finland eur 13.7 million.
Constantly myymäläketju extended the company has to Finland to invest eur 100 million this year.
In Finland is 142 Lidl - shops and today it employs more than 4 000 workers.
The first shops was opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket - from the participants in the rather than leuka Challenge
British isabelle Roberts karjui so hard, when her wear down jääkylmää water that his face damaged the bone.
This Ice Bucket challenges painfully ended badly.
Women have been treatment his karjuttuaan Ice Bucket - challenges in carrying out so strong that his leukaluu went instead.
Isabelle Roberts karjui so hard, when her wear down jääkylmää water, that he was the structure of the face.
'Water was so cold that only karjuin, but karjuessani began, I felt that leuka jäykistyä', he says the Mirror to the magazine.
Jäävesi dumped in the 20 - year - old.
Isabelle Roberts moment before the accidents
I have tried to close foot, but I have not been able, leuka was locked, and then I realised that something is wrong.
Then a mother and sister noted the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had kiidättää Emergency.
On Tuesday, participated in the 20 - year - old British supersuosittuun challenges to Hospital, where leuka set back to the place.
Videopätkä has become Internet sensation, and it has been distributed thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
From the ulvonta (kin of wolves): how can explain the growth of fanimäärä?
Today was quite a powerful fiilis.
This said koripalloilija Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when the European - lopputurnauksessa against France, Finland was played the Athens maroussin palloiluhalli.
Not Pehkonen exaggerated.
I remember the game when was here.
So were also they approximately one hundred Finnish who cried, 20 000 viewers vetävään, otherwise empty Hall noise.
I wonder what Pehkonen 19 years later, the World Cup would have said after the Finland - Ukraine - match?
The number of Bilbao 100 suomalainenfan is kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti.
The European Championship 1995 was the Finnish koripalloilu etsikkoaika.
Men deserve lopputurnaus by overcoming, among other things, the Russian karsintaottelu end in Helsinki urheilutalo.
It opened the door to the European cream profits.
All seemed to be a good.
Was promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
Päävalmentaja Henry Dettmann möttölän raised the kalkkiviiva lopputurnausjoukkue.
A solution, for which many had a different opinion.
We can now say that Dettmann was far - fetched wise, even though not everything according to the first scenario.
After the Athens koripallomaajoukkue crashed deep.
The Games in Athens in total Finns was present know a little more than a hundred.
It included the relatives of journalists, players, the Finnish troops koripallovalmentaja and some fans.
Bilbaossakin on journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
This phenomenon has been on the increase incomprehensible proportions.
No one will say the exact figure suomalainenkisaturisti.
Estimates have been 500-10 between 7 000.
Whatever the figures that between number, it is quite incomprehensible.
This is urheilusosiologi to explain.
In a globalised World economy companies will relocate over the border.
In sport is still an opportunity to look at how we go on an International level.
With increased mobility we can see how successful boys and girls in the World, professor Hannu Itkonen says liikuntasosiologia.
Certainly, both in Spain and in the World Cup in lentopallo on Finns, who are seeking experience in Poland.
Common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
In sport must be attractive themselves.
Increasing Itkonen part of popular culture of sport.
As bacause is lower threshold to go to Berlin to see Art.
Without success for mass must nevertheless not movement.
Let me turn to the year 1995.
Then päävalmentaja Dettmann challenged koripalloliitto and professional players indulged top - level sport.
It took almost ten years.
Then changed direction and maajoukkuetoiminta were a pedestal.
Lentopalloväki did the same Business a bit earlier.
Now both enjoy the fruits of work.
As Itkonen says, both species are managed tuotteistamaan top - level urheilunsa, where the holy trinity works: sport - media sponsors.
Then kiinnostuu also public.
And media has taught US, what such a karnevalistinen support is, Itkonen remind.
Whether the palloilulaji to postpone this massive interest also kotoisiin a series of?
In basket and lentopallo played an average for the hundreds or a little over 1 000 spectators.
A good question, and not necessarily Itkonen must give response, which for that very good species.
The second school believes interest to move.
The second, which it does not want to fresh are sometimes unhealthy.
This porukka is prepared to elämysmatka World Cup, but in their perusajattelu kaksisesti not interested in a series of my own country.
It is in the midst of the challenges for seuraihminen euphoria.
Bottaksen Land for an assurance from the shores of lakes - almost 1.5 hectares
Nastola rewards formulakuljettaja Valtteri bottaksen rantakotitontti.
Kunnanhallitus 1.4 hectares of Land donation adopted unanimously in the meeting on Monday.
Land comes to leisure housing in the future.
In Nastola has been followed bottaksen success in this karting - from driving.
He is seen as a good ambassadors to promote the Lahti, the regions and Nastola in Lahti.
Lahjatontti located on koiskalassa, kärkjärven seacoast.
It has become the municipalities in the Nastola as part of the bigger the ownership of property.
In the region has seven purkukunto at the expense of the buildings, the dismantling of the municipalities which six out this by the end of the year.
In the Belgian Bottas achieved Formula 1: the fourth palkintopallisija this year.
He is the football World Cup dubiously fifth.
Bottas is syntyperäinen nastolalainen and lived villähteellä their childhood.
He lives in this today in England but is Nastola is always the case when free formuloinen.
Bottas has visited yläkoulu and nuorisotila.
The design älyvaatteet come - but hardly poor
It will present and they are currently taking place in new York test the U.S. open - tenniskilpailussa.
Ralph testaaja are on the ground of the Lauren älypaita pallohenkilö, but also the height of yliopistopelaaja amateurs Marcus giro must belonging to that.
He shirt to help him to follow their own development and regulate toipuataka.
Nailonpaita is kudottu Silver - sensors, which the information conveyed in shirt mokkula and there still älypuhelin or taulutietokone.
The sensors, which measure taking the pulse of the heart, breathing rhythm, stress and a step.
As a Central Unit mokkula out before the shirt throw into the washing machine.
Muotitalo has not told precise time shirt nor even vihjaissut its for the start of the sale price, Tech times reporting.
Raph Lauren is not the only älyvaate panostava companies.
Kalifornialainen Athos has brought the sale älypaita and älyshortsit.
They measure taking the pulse, breathing and lihastyö.
Clothes pay a hundred dollars from paragraph and the size of their thumbs Central Unit costs usd two hundred.
Also teknovaate wrote a Red Orbit.
Smart way to save in textbooks
The costs of yliopistokirja cross - in America in the case of many students usd 1 000, so soon starting the second opiskeluvuosi Matt Schroeder invented fiksun way in save costs.
He was developed in the system, in which the students of subsequent vuosikurssi against lending spectrum nominal compensation instead that they sell paper forward the same path.
The 'mathematics paper would normally be paid usd 180; I paid its use, as well as the entire year to usd 10 hefty sandwich', a 19 - year - old Schroeder is studying Covenant College in the state of Georgia.
Mrs Schroeder tells US that his paper last year would normally be paid usd 430.
Instead, he used to usd 120.
According to the average - of the executive board of the University students to use more than usd 1 200 years in textbooks and schools, but students on many means at its disposal to reduce these costs.
Students will end up ever more frequently to use e-commerce and Schroeder ideas such as the creative approach.
More and more students rent textbooks, so that they can use paper throughout the year and clearly less than the paper is paying buy students.
More than 250 kampuskirjakauppa pitävän Neebo Inc - according to the companies, the rent of textbooks has doubled from 2011.
Statistical data in this area, reveal that approximately a quarter of the University bookshop paper of last spring was vuokrakirja, Neebo - the President - in - office of the companies, Trevor Meyer says.
According to the National Association of College stores - Trade organisation is less than half of all paper campus in the shops.
Clearly this simple ways to save money.
E-commerce
E-commerce in the new paper can only be obtained by one third of the price that, what would it cost campus in the bookshops.
Ron Larson, Bruce edwardsin and Robert hostetlerin 'Calculus' - the ninth Edition of the paper, the toothfish is almost usd 290, but the erikoinenkirja Chegg.com online paper must prices 239,99 dollars.
If used buy
Books are a good option, if used the reader to do not disturb the other notes and look after.
If used, for example, the 'Calculus' - the paper must Chegg.com - usd 93,49 online.
Brigham young students of the final year of the universityn Matt Casaday, 25 years ago, and tells ostaneensa paper 'Strategic Decisions: Understanding the media Business' of the end of the Advertising used Business' Amazon.com online, only usd 0,42.
As a new paper would be paid usd 48.
Of the University of Massachusetts Amherst's College without Walls schools Ingrid Bracey academics and others are recommending that the leaders of the students ask professor previous Edition, can use the courses.
Sometimes a new Edition of the reform is not essential in terms of education.
In this case can find only a fraction of the old Edition of the price, which should pay for the new.
In addition to Chegg - and Amazon - bookshops, ebay Inc's Half.com is a popular ostopaikka used paper.
Rent
The lease of textbooks in favour if pidät good care of them consider soup, you do not need them courses suoritettuasi return them.
Leasing can save more than 80% of the price of a new paper.
For example, the rent for the whole term of 'Calculus' paper costs approximately usd 20.
Rules out vuokraavan companies, such as the use of notes, korostuskynä and wear and tear on the following payments.
Vuokraaja, varuillasi: if unohdat to restore paper, not myöhästyämaksu can be greater than the purchase price of paper.
Ekirja
The acquisition of ekirja ordinary paperisten instead May also become question.
Sometimes these paper on access to paid rented, when ekirja its holders, for example, or Amazon.com, Chegg - Barnes & Noble Inc - shop.
Chegg - Trade should not be 'Calculus' - the paper ekirja approximately usd 61 for six months.
Braceyn, many students will save most of literature, because a number of classic cannot now free of charge, while downloading paper in the field of science and technology can be very expensive.
Various traders then comparison of support, which option is the valitseekin.
Joe Gault, 29, which will soon begin pepperdinen oikeustieteellisessä, recommends to use paper ISBN - number in prices, because it can help to ensure that is the right paper.
Before tilaat networks, ensure that paper is certainly in warehouses, Gault says.
He himself learnt this the hard way.
His buy paper was on Ice in the supply of four weeks, and he has had to finally paper on at full price in the University bookshop.
Tamperelainen legioonateatteri meets 20 years
In 1994 Theatre has been set up to combat unemployment, social exclusion and passivity.
Activities are to be welcomed all who want to make esittävää Art.
Organising ilmaisupaiote for recreation 17-35 - year - old long - term unemployed.
The proposal takes often position in society.
In recent years, there has been mm. masennusaiheinen Depressio Moderata, Minäminäminä! - narcissism and klassikkosovitus humorous report.
Believes that every people cannot change their own lives.
Almost double the number of people have died in the fire compared with last year
Is this year died in fires compared with last year, nearly double the number of people.
The Finnish pelastusala 'confederations of (SPEK) according to the mediaseuranta so far back already 55 people have died in 49 in the various fires.
Last year at the same time palokuolema was 31.
For the most part, 36, has been dead men.
Over the age of 65 has been 11.
According to the organisations palokuolematilasto worse August 2009, when the situation was last year by the end of the 64 people were killed in the fire.
The vast majority of palokuolema happening in housing.
Apartment blocks, has HAPPENED in palokuolema, omakotitalo 17 and 21 - and in the other pientalo seven lines.
SPEK remind to recapitulate the fire safety in their homes.
According to all the functioning of the home palovaroitin spekin should at least ensure.
In addition, should Review all that alkusammutusväline are easily, use.
All the state of the homes must also be unimpeded poistuareitti.
Children should also tell US what they electrical equipment used when alone at home.
At the Nato summit: the first protest plants and Cardiff
Opponents of the Nato summit are protesting newportissa last weekend.
Hundreds of met on Saturday Newport March against the centre of the city of Nato.
On Sunday, around 150 people met the Cardiff Town Hall to so - called vastahuippukokous.
Stephen Fairclough followed the events at the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, which was arrived until even from Belgium.
Young people were rescued by Australia's sinisiltä from the Mountains
The two teenagers hikers was raised security after their stranded in Australia the night of the new the Blue Mountains in the region of South Wales.
16 - year - old girl and 18 - year - old men took after wander at midday on Sunday Govetts leapille blackheathiin.
Young people, families who were not returned to their homes, and called the police iltakahdeksalta.
Local police and the consisted of search Party was sent to young people, and waltz around the clock 23 closely Bridal Veil - putouksia were found.
Girls had violated their knees, and men had fallen and has its head.
The police spent the night par with, and they were security on Monday Morning.
Backpack was the ambulance Blue Mountains - hospitals, and their situation was stable.
The soldiers of Ukraine withdrew from the airport
The Ukraine troops have withdrawn from the airport.
According to the army of Ukraine soldiers were given perääntymiskäsky.
According to the Ukraine paratroopers have vehemently together with the Russian tanks on the ground.
According to the other side of the representatives of the army tykkituli has been so precise that the shooter is likely to Russian military.
Over the last twenty - four hours seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Subsequent oil pollution of the Coast of South - eastern Ukraine tykistöosuma yesterday received partioalus sank in the Morning, reflects the border Guards of the Ukraine.
Eight merisotilas have been saved and two are still missing.
The border Guards had no certainty about what beginning shot.
Already explained yesterday in social media ampuneensa separatists from the beginning.
By Russia's foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, that Russia is not going to Ukraine.
Mr Lavrov called for, However, that the troops must withdraw immediately role in Ukraine, which they cannot fire civilians.
According to the foreign Minister, the negotiations in Minsk today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE should be an immediate cease - fire without conditions.
Mr Lavrov also reminded US that Russia will respond to any new economic sanctions.
We will first of all to protect their own interests, the economy, social sectors, businesses.
At the same time, we shall also withdraw conclusions from the actions of the partners, Mr Lavrov threatened.
The heavy rainfall were Malmö and Copenhagen tulvimaan
Streets flooded on Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, when the rain piiskasivat southern Sweden and Denmark.
Cut off a number of you, water, Transport and buried cars.
On Sunday authorities estimate that it May take, even though the rain in the relaxation of the floods was predicted to die on Monday.
Heavy rainfall reached surprise ruotsalainenviranomainen säävaroitus, and rain given in advance.
The Finnish meteorology institutions päivystävä meteorologi ari Mustala estimates that the saderintama that has plagued the region was very local.
Sadealue seems narrow and appropriate permanent.
It is no wonder, if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists should 'be quiet and help France', Francois hollanden main says
Vals, has urged the deeply divided left 'to look towards the emotions' difficulties sosialistipresidentti the composition of the new government, which was not the approval of the majority of the French.
President deserves all our respect, we loyalty, he deserves our support.
'It is our duty to stand by his', vals, has said and deserved applause.
Tyynnyttävänä gesture Prime Minister called for the French government to leave Peace controversial despite the absurdity of the 35 - hour working week, the new Minister for Emmanuel macronin earlier this week, lively debate on the proposal that the rules should be relaxed.
On Saturday Hollande Socialists asked to act in concert with the government.
Justice Christiane Taubira sosialistikansanedustaja who caused divisive ilmestymällä differences of opinion, However, the meetings and the Socialist Party that it allows the 'France to give up hope with regard to the future'.
Extreme right - wing, the leaders of the front National marine Le Pen mocked constant mutual discord and the Socialists said that I believe vallsin sustainable longer than a few months of the new government.
Francois Hollande is perhaps left fluttering the flag, but it also Manuel vals, which had a duty for the new formation of the government, after the previous not even taken over the summer.
'And a new government cannot stand until the autumn or winter', Mr Le Pen said journalists.
He reiterated the dissolution of the parliament of the proposal and his Party had taken Party election victory in ennenaikaisissa elections and he would be prepared to lead the parties themselves.
The French governing Party had suffered crushing defeat in the kuntavaali of March and the extreme right listakärki possession of the European elections in May.
On sundays the Journal du Dimanche - according to the opinion polls, 76% of French people believe that several competing collapse in the Socialist group before hollanden through to the end of the year 2017.
The University of dg - political scientists pascal Perrineau warned that the French are soon to lose patience, unless the new Socialist government fail to improve the economy and ennätyskorkeaa unemployment.
'There is a small chance of success, but the public must quickly see that change is in the events', he warned.
Otherwise, the situation May become even worse.
Pokka betrayed the Morning of the Finnish juontaja Kirsi Alm - siiran, Nina rahkolan and meteorologi Pekka Pouta pokka deceived badly nauhoitetussa share in the programme.
Last Thursday Morning Finland - programme published Facebook - sivullaan hauskan video recording made on Thursday.
Video juontaja Kirsi Alm - Siira and Nina Rahkola meteorologi Pekka Pouta are trying to nauhoittaa Morning the Finnish mainospuffi broadcasting, but the recording of the next day does not go quite pipeline.
Alm - Siira sekoilee words, when he is trying to say the word budjettiriihi, and his sekoilu must also Pouta and rahkolan lose pokka time and time again.
And these heroes should be allowed to withdraw the direct still broadcast tomorrow Morning, of the Finnish Facebook - päivityksessä says.
Videos has become very popular on Facebook and it is both tykätty and distributed on Facebook more than 10 000 times.
In the Lehtikuva kuvatoimisto worked jorma K. Pouta; thirdly, 68, was in a series of potretti in 1972.
Image in Israel is the Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
The Helsinki fredrikinkadulla builder took place in the house of the Socialist International meeting in May 1971.
There were enormous meeting was a great deal of heads of state and security.
When Golda Meir became involved in the toilet, seven bodyguard went.
At the start of the meeting we had, However, more than five minutes' speaking time to describe.
I raised this picture of the four to five metres away.
Light and background were.
As soon as I have understood that I managed this time.
It meirin obvious sees that the leader of the middle East has been difficult in the past.
Then in performed known persons or events on the competition introduced picture.
It is a good thing that, today, can also be successful in other picture, as long as ideas and visual vääntö.
This is the second best image, which I have taken.
The best is Lasse virénin kaatuakuva of the Munich Olympic Games.
I sent competition.
Already väitös: Aarnio investigations paid more than eur 5 million
The Helsinki police investigation into the legality of the drugs Unit has already cost more than eur 5 million and has called for a 30-50 henkilötyövuosi.
This will assess Jyri Rajamäki Jyväskylä of universities in its väitöstyö of information technology.
To propose, Mr Rajamäki, that the control of the legality of the actions of the police and the fight against crime at all could be substantially improved by combining the systems of the investigations and judicial proceedings.
According to the Rajamäki modern technology allows the multifunctional role of the special forensic material.
He says that it is possible to construct a system in which the crime to collect data is automatically todisteketju täyttävää electronic todisteaineisto and, at the same time, allows a comprehensive legal.
To be checked on Saturday.
Yle: the idea of 1999 to vegetarian unohtui from school Walls: 'kasvidieetti include fish - and kanaruoka'
Picture pirkkalalaisen from special information on a school wall of nainenmatka caused in the ruokakohu social media, tells Yle nettisivu.
Kasvisruokailija!
Kasvidieetti koululounas under the fish and kanaruoka.
Only when the list is meat, manufacture kasvivaihtoehto!
This is stated in the Walls of the schools in the communiqué unohtuneessa, 15 years old.
The picture pääset to look at here.
Social media image has spread to the people to send Pirkkala municipalities närkästynyttä feedback.
Heads of food and puhtauspalvelu arja Vaarma to Yle says that for forgotten on the wall is not the case and it should have been withdrawn long ago.
Apparently before my income has sometimes been during this idea, which has been discussed with the health care.
Everyone must pupils in accordance with the wishes of the meal, he says Yle.
In this day Pirkkala schools provide kasvisruokavaihtoehto only with the consent of parents and for pupils certificates of doctors or terveydenhoitaja kasvisruokavalio.
Vaarma solutions for Yle because that justifies the kasvisruokakokeilu May leave the nutrition of young people complete and meat or the lack of chickens May one wonders from parents of pupils.
Norwegian Cruise close to usd 3 billion of values Prestige Cruise - the agreement
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL. no, the World's third largest ferry companies, is conducting negotiations to buy competitors Inc Cruises International Prestige of the three billion dollars - company. information are in close contact with the issue from the persons.
Trade, the Norwegian Cruise market value, a company which is 6.8 billion dollars, to use the Prestige Cruises luksusristeilijä and wealthy customers larger than its continue competition Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL N) and Carnival Corp (against CCL.) - European companies.
According to the source, data from a possible agreement already May be published this week, but it is also possible that negotiations are not successful.
Prestige Cruises - the owners of the company, private equity Apollo Global Management LLC APO. (20%), is also the owner of the Norwegian Cruise - companies.
Source did not want to name public because the negotiations does not take place in public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises - did not respond to the kommenttipyyntö the representative of the company and the representatives of the Apollo refusal to comment on.
A Norwegian Miami Cruise - there are 13 risteilyalunen companies, whose reittikarsi North America, covers the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover grew by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when the turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
Prestige Cruises, which is also Miami, seilaa Oceania - and Regent - brändinimillä, including a total of eight risteilyalunen, and reittikarsi covers the scandinavian, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was usd 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars' worth of Cruise industry is expected to benefit from the emerging economies in the coming years, such as the rise of the middle classes of China and India.
Companies competing to become the ykkönenvaihtoehto of these new customers choose Cruise.
The Prestige Cruises recorded a stock market in the United States the launch of the first shares in January 2014.
Apollo has devoted most of the shares in the company of the 2007 after the Trade, which was worth usd 850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was set up by the year 2000 its current composition yhdistyttyä Genting Bhd (ghent. KL) - with the ferry companies. the latter is the malesialaisen billionaires Lim Kok thayn entertainment - and casino - companies.
Apollo invested a billion dollars Norwegian Cruise - companies in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise listautui public companies in January 2013.
According to the information published gentingin accounted for 28% of companies, the Apollo 20% and yksityinenpääomasijoitusyhtiö TPG capital: the LP accounts for 8% of the end of June forward.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise - proportion of companies from the North America risteilykapasiteetti on 82%, is evident from the Prestige Cruise - in the context of the launch of the shares in the companies publishing rekisteröintidokumentti.
The Tampere municipal council will deal with the matter today.
Animalia hopes councillor from the strong support of the initiative.
Animalia, the executive director of the Tampere pre - University thesis salla Tuomivaara according to the delfinaario in Finland and around the World there is an urgent reason to end.
Last year around the World is, fortunately, widespread View that in the developed mammals such as dolphins delfinaario Beautiful not eläinsuojelullisesti and ethically sustainable.
This View would become also to Tampere.
Not only is the abolition of the delfinaario eläinoikeuskysymys, including the question of the Tampere image as a tourist destination, Tuomivaara points out.
According to the Tuomivaara Näsi - strengthening the requirement for the dismantling of delfinaariotoiminta delfiinin death.
The näsin death is sad continuation särkkäniemi delfinaario dark history.
It is time to put a stop to death, to close the prison dolphins and take to find out how the Tampere dolphins might be transferred to the shelters of rajatulle maritime regions, a kind of dolphins, Tuomivaara requires.
Näsi did not experience a return to the original habitat of the dolphins, but hopefully end särkkäniemi dolphins to experience living in the lives of more than virikkeettömän betoniallas Tuomivaara hopes.
Eläinsuojeluliitto Animalia aim is that the ban on the use of all villieläinlaji circus in in the overall reform of the eläinsuojelulaki under preparation.
This also include delfinaario troops.
To support the demands Animalia Tuomivaara executive director is today attending the conference 1.9. in a protest on behalf of the dolphins.
The Japanese embassy in demonstration to be held in Helsinki takes a stand against the delfiinimetsästyskausi in Japan.
During the hunting season brutally killed or imprisoned every year, some 2300 dolphins, either to the use of delfinaario or food.
Putin calls for Kiev to open negotiations on the new countries with the eastern Ukraine
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin on Sunday, insisted that the Ukraine government put an end to fight against the separatists in the East of the country and start negotiations immediately outgoing 'valtiomaisuudesta' in the region, the Russian uutislähde tell.
His representatives Dmitry Peskov clarified later that Mr Putin does have meant that the region of the eastern Ukraine separatists should be part of Russia, but that its role within the Ukraine must consider again, so that we can give to the Russian - speaking population in the region the power to defend their own rights and interests.
Mr Putin's government in Kiev's call for negotiations venäjämielisten as equal negotiating partner with the rebels will respond to his obvious strategy, which he has since the violence began five years ago: he is trying to help separatists to Conquer the region and to force so recently, in practice, the Ukrainian government to grant julistetulle novorossijalle independence, will enable it to Russia rather than on the part of the West.
1 - TV channels of the state channels in an interview with Mr Putin condemned the aspirations of Ukraine army recapturing dominated by separatists eastern donetskin the separatists and the regions, which took in March and April to Ukraine itself on the Crimean peninsula in Moscow on 18 March.
The Kremlin and separatists have recently kastaneet 'novorossijaksi' in the region ',' a new Russia -- the revolution of the powers of this term remind Russia prior to the day of its glory.
According to the Russian news agency Itar tassin Putin said 'the illusion that the planned Peace talks are' as long as the Ukrainian politicians by the campaign for parliamentary elections on 26 October 2004 and dominated by the government forces are attacking separatist regions against civilians.
'We must begin immediately extensive negotiations, not just technical aspects, but also the organisation of society and the status of the countries of South - eastern Ukraine. this will take into account the interests of the people who live there', he says.
Peskovin according to Putin's reference to 'valtiomaisuudesta' relates to the broader independence, which has been discussed months with the leadership of the Kiev to allay the fears of Russian - speaking region that their cultural and linguistic rights would be under threat.
Only in the government of Ukraine can grant eastern regions of independence, Peskov says that they need.
There can be no debate on this issue between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov says, 'because this is not the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's Internal conflict'.
Heckling from the representatives of the Kremlin, whose aim was to correct the 'wrong interpretation' of the comments made by Mr Putin, pointed out, that the Russian regime handles the separatist rebel eastern regions in a different way than in the Crimea, when it practically 2 million people in the region, which the majority of the population, is ethnically Russian.
The Moscow would be much more difficult to link the itself even donetskin or region in eastern Ukraine, because the majority of 6.5 million people living in areas not ethnically Russian and as the previous conflict according to the opinion polls, supported by the majority of the population to remain in Ukraine.
Independence, which venäläinendiplomaatti are discussed in International fora, would give the local governments of Ukraine on its own Trade agreements and the right to agree to external relations, which would give the Kremlin practically power in the region, which brings together the Crimea of Russia.
The black Sea peninsula which was attached to the Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian päälaivasto and commercial shipping ports - regions and historical rannikkokohde.
Between the rostovin and Crimea of Russia in the region is also mines, factories and metallisulattamo, which are vital to the Russian army to produce products.
The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko proposed virkaanastumispuheessaan legislators on 7 June that Ukraine -- the constitutional changes -- Considering after the new elections in Ukraine, in order to increase the core departing from the decision - making powers of their own economy of the region and the status of the language.
His vision on the independence of the outgoing strongly the Kremlin and the Moscow, However, seems to be perhaps aseistamien and the views of lietsomien separatists.
Putin was put forward by the latest demands government in Kiev for negotiations venäjämielisten as equal partners with the rebels, after rebels ran more last week by Russia's Invasion of tanks and troops from eastern Ukraine earlier rauhanomaiselta regions azovin off the Coast of the Sea.
The Ukraine security authorities fear that Russia novoazovskin of separatists, supported by the greater efforts to take control is the beginning of the city of strategically important coastal regions, which is intended to take over whole until the Crimea.
It has led to massive of civilians and the strengthening of the city of armeijahenkilökunta to implement mariupolin. Mariupol of half a million inhabitants, known as the steel productive Port, which is situated novoazovskin and, on the Crimean peninsula in leading to narrow - the between countries in the region.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday in Brussels for the leaders of the European Union begging for further action to prevent future violations of Russia in Ukraine, in the former Republic of the Soviet Union, which has been independent for 23 years.
'We will soon reach the point at which there is no return', Poroshenko warned.
The area of Ukraine is now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit did not take Decisions on direct action; leaders drawing up the lisäsanktio, so that they can be introduced, if the crisis in Ukraine to flare up in unexplained circumstances.
The soldiers had to withdraw from the status of Ukraine ilovaiskin area two and 1 000 soldiers of the Russian panssariosasto donetskin last week to strengthen separatists in difficulty for the region, general Andriy Lysenko, the Ukrainian representatives of the National security and defence Council, told the journalists in Kiev on Saturday.
According to lysenkon first Russia ilovaiskissa saartamasta from 63 soldiers to exchange 10 Russian laskuvarjohyppääjä of Ukraine, who were imprisoned in the area of Ukraine a week ago.
Leg japanitaituri avausmaali made the seventh peliminuutti Keisuke Honda already.
In the second half was first Sulley Muntari and a little later Jeremy Menez penalty.
After the laziokin received kavennusmaali loppuhetki rankkari, but of the game maalivahti Diego Lopez rejected Antonio candrevan shots.
Lopez moved to real Madrid milaniin for this period.
Leg of the former hyökkääjäikoni inzaghin valmennusdebyytti in San siron stadium was only Poland.
During the match, to the yleisömäärä was 39 000 spectators.
Australialainenjulkkis and Gabi Grecko in the maelstrom of the alastonkuvaskandaali
Geoffrey Edelsten has indicated that it is perhaps shocked hackers his kihlattu and stolen a Hollywood - listatähden Gabi greckon alastonkuva.
In viihdemaailma is kuhissut, after a number of Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuva was published on the Internet as a result of a broad julkkiskuvahakkerointiskandaali.
Hackers is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuva nälkäpeli star Lawrence as well as other supertähti, such as huippumalli margins uptonista and Cara delevingnestä, singer rihannasta, Ariana grandesta and Lea michellestä Kirsten dunstista and actor.
Also, the Australian actor Teresa palmerin Emily browningin, Yvonne strahovskin and greckon picture is obviously living in Melbourne stolen icloud - in Connection with the leak.
The list is the name of julkkis 101.
Last month greckoa kosinut Edelsten Confidential magazine said, 'this is sickening'.
All the personal contacts and the picture should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private data can be stolen and dissemination.
Greckon reported cases verkkolehti commenting in new York in the 'shameful' and said that 'victims feel ashamed.'
The hackers believed to be 30 images palmerista this with the previous boyfriend Scott speedmanin, including two otto palmerista yläosaton in on the periphery of the basin.
Palmerin films thanks - including including film 'love and Honor' with vastanäyttelijä Liam hemsworthin.
Palmer, for the sake of Strahovski and Chuck - a series of Sucker Punch - actors Browning not commented on hakkeroituja picture yesterday.
The representative of the Lawrence said TMZ newspaper, that 'it is arrogant Invasion of privacy'.
An actor Seth Rogen vihastui hackers stolen picture of twiitissään: 'kännykkä to the publication of the difference is not in any way from the sale of stolen products'.
Stolen picture of the publication should not be to make possible, from a legal point of View alone.
Finland played almost than at home and on Cuba lentopallo rose sensaatiomaiseen profits in the World Cup.
Do not fanihuuma picture.
The Polish Katowice on Monday: no Polish punavalkoinen but the Finnish sinivalkoinen white.
The profits of Finland was followed by Spodek - Arena suomalainenkannattaja STT: according to the nearly 2000.
It seemed than would be playing at home.
Such a big impact on the fans was the captain of a game, Finland Antti Siltala said STT for the EU.
Finland was one already losers in the game, but the 0-2 rose to profit from 3-2.
The fourth in a Finnish ihmenousu made behind the six - point.
Cuba has led to a already 16-10, but after the Finns received frenzy.
Hundred suomalainenfan were disappointed, However, when an Arena, charter aircraft was not able to Land katowiceen hard because of fog.
So to Warsaw fans have missed match.
Finns palloilufani have invaded Europe hard pace in the last few days.
The Spanish Bilbao in the basketball World Cup - Finland fan is here more than 8000.
As the basket of everyone, from Finland, would have been the match voittokori tähtipelaaja Stephen Curry praised the usa after the Finns korisfan for matches on Saturday.
At the meeting of the council will not be sent as a direct result of technical problems
Kouvola today of the meeting of the council will not be able to see through the net, as a direct broadcasts.
According to the statement of the city of broadcasting is not possible because of technical problems.
The city of Kouvola regrets this situation.
Jälkitallenne can look at the meeting a couple of days away.
The meeting of the council has been able to look Kouvola via the Internet from the beginning of the year.
As a direct 13.10.2014 decision - making can be followed next time.
The board of governors kokousvideo the address http://www.kouvola.fi/index/aikuisvaestolle/paatoksenteko/valtuustoverkossa.html and are to be found on the city of Kouvola YouTube television.
