Juan in the city of Kuopio city at the beginning of the year 2017.
Kuopio city council unanimously adopted liitoksen on Monday.
Juan liitoksen approved by the City Council last week.
Elderships liitoksen Tuus metro was also involved in an investigation, but the council decided that Tuusniemi go independent.
Kuopio and Juankoski will decide on the implementation of the next municipal elections separately.
The municipal elections will be held next year in 2016.
After the accession of Juan Kuopio has a population of about 111, 000.
The prime ministers of India and Japan are meeting in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister of National Chalkidiki modi met in Tokyo with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, to discuss economic and security relations, the first by a major foreign visit since the May election victory.
Five of the Mod today to Japan's visit is intended to strengthen economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
At the top of discussion are plans expanded nuclear cooperation.
India is also said to be interested in the defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine forces shoot civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin accused the leadership in Kiev on Monday that they refuse direct political talks with the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
This time the Kiev leadership does not want to carry out essential political dialogue with the east of his country," Putin said, according to the Itar TASS news agency.
He also said that the pro-Russian separatists that Kiev and the West say is being assisted by the Russian army, tried to push Ukrainian forces away from their current locations, where Putin said that Ukraine's armed forces shoot civilians.
Mili Atoll would fighters aim is to push out these armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get the chance to shoot the inhabitants of the region," Putin said.
The incident took place on Friday and Saturday by Ry rmi garage.
It surprised that lot was already quite early in the evening.
One-day was two days as expected, promote Square Tom Green says.
Seinäjoki Hiphop Festival was held for the third time.
Again next year.
We will continue to be the words to a rap song - festari, poppia is not forthcoming, Green assures.
The law comes into force on Tuesday in Finland, which restricts access to the materials used in the manufacture of explosives.
In future, individuals must seek police permission from the government to purchase or to be in possession of such materials or mixtures of explosives that could be used as a so-called starting material.
Such materials are nitrometaani, nitrogen, hydrogen peroxide acid, potassium perchlorate, potassium chlorate and sodium chlorate and sodium perchlorate, as well as those containing mixtures, if certain concentrations exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide is in cleaning and detergent, for example, but the levels they generally do not exceed the limit values.
Nitromethane driving the acceleration is used as an example.
Before the law came into force starting materials purchased at the same time, however, keep possession and use of 2 until March 2016.
By George Webster is accused of the single r and pit Bloch DLR hotel rape
Two hotel about rape accused awaits trial.
By George Webster, 28, Glasgow's superiority in the Court of First Instance heard the charges during the session.
He is accused of rape, which took place in Perth, located in the province of the village, pit Bloch DLR - Scotland's hotel on 7 June 2013.
Webster, is accused of attacking the woman "was unconscious in a vacuum, nukkuessa, and was thus unable to make decisions for themselves."
Webster, also accused of a second rape Upper lands in the Golf View Hotel, located in a single r, 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Ratu in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held in Edinburgh on 17 November at the Court of First Instance in his superiority.
Premier League: Super Mario Rah eem parasite has remained in the shadows - Premier League - Ilta-Sanomat
The 19-year-old Rah eem sterling showed again why he is regarded as the hope for the future of English football.
White Hart Lane was an electric atmosphere on Sunday, when Mario Balotelli, Liverpool have been strengthened by the arrival of Tottenham's visit.
Super Marion first appearance was promising: Experienced English journalists saw 24 year-old Italian work done on the ground in a completely different attitude than in times of Manchester City.
Balotelli plastering was still far from its peak.
Italian missed three quality paint seats and six other senses to bait only half for his team.
The player has already taken to suosiki Pooler - supporters expect better things in the future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was sitting Balotelli matkannee Luis, Mr Suarez to Barcelona's playing squad as a second striker alongside Daniel Sturridge.
Team by average pitches instead of Balotelli kimal diamonds warheads Rah eem sterling which tökkäsi 3 - 0 victory on an opening goal past Hugo Lloris.
Sterling, 19, not only shine their effectiveness.
Balotelli to an English opponent to less than 20 cents between the lines like a fish in water.
There is no universal trait for a player, which I would like to thank nurmella momentum around 34 km per hour at its best.
But Rodgers deserves sterling's development a debt of gratitude.
The Northern Irishman said after the match how Liverpool has systematically developed by stemming from an increase in Wembley, north-west London pure case of swift to a more complete player.
Susanna Mäl dunk was chosen as chief conductor of Helsinki kaupunginorkester - "I am happy and proud."
The city of Helsinki, the government has decided to appoint Song Mäl kaupunginorkester to Helsinki from next autumn 2016 as chief conductor of the orchestra.
Newspapers including the Los Angeles Times have an orchestra, he will take the next step.
Susanna Mäl dunk will start his new role as the joy and pride.
Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra played a key role in our country's musical life for more than 100 years, including the position by a large number of Sibelius Music.
Finnish conductor of the orchestra to have brought out the best and I have worked with many members of the orchestra in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation," he says.
Palkansaaja organisations administrations pensions negotiating meeting in the country - Elements of news - Karjalainen
Pension talks will seek a boost today from their own rallies by the unions.
The SAK Palkansaaja organisations, Confederation of Unions for Academic Professionals in Finland, and the STTK administrations of negotiation on the morning of the situation.
After a proper pension negotiations should continue.
Life expectancy of industrial associations taint the mandatory retirement age now, among other things, the dispute.
The organizations have promised a career by the autumn, but according to the latest estimate it would emerge during the course of this week.
Pihtipudas.
A Rovaniemelä Women's Volleyball League team Woman Volley stumbled in the League nousija Vampula sportsmen's putative Onychogomphus to drill a championship on that scale Final on Sunday.
Vampula slavishly followed five of a drawn-out match 3-2 victory.
Last instalment WoVo lost 11 of 15.
A neighbour was always one step ahead.
The fight was good, but defensive game and passport game Vampula was slightly better, I saw WoVo trainer Teemu push kyrö.
Kuusikko WoVo was far from a tonsil that 190 foot tall American sentteri Jennifer Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
Center played Sara Niemi.
Karoliina Kyllönen was capable of the game despite a thumb injury and formed with a Johanna Pekkarinen WoVo firepower as the combination.
As Hakkuri started Jenna central hilly Jan Jaunt dz led to make room for sows during the last half block.
Vampula the best part was clever and Russian passari libero by Mrs Hämäläinen WoVo circulated through the body as much as possible.
The preparation WoVo League continues at the beginning of next week when the Hämeenlinna HPK comes to Rovaniemi for training camp.
The team will face a formal exercise on Saturday at 6 p.m. with "kauppi game.
On Sunday the sports opistolla again.
The Lidl up huge numbers in Finland
The Finnish company shops turnover grew by nearly 25 percent during the fiscal year ended at the end of February to nearly 1.2 billion euros.
The company released the data on Monday.
Lidl Finland now have a total of 142 shop, and expansion is going to continue.
Lidl also reported that last year paid taxes from Finland nearly 14 million euros.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German group Lidl.
The company has more than 4 million workers in Finland.
Ovarian cancer die in more sparsely populated areas as a result of delayed diagnosis and treatment of difficult access
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have published a video tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia, people living in rural areas, women have a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than those living in the cities.
The researchers went through more than 1100 Australians who had received a diagnosis of ovarian cancer in 2005 on a woman's medical records and said that only 35% of women - more than five years after diagnosis.
Head researcher Susan Jordan Q I AMR Berg Raschhofer Medical Research Institute - centre confirms that women living in the sparsely populated and remote regions died during the study of 20 per cent more likely than women living in urban areas.
A small study: New medicines may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through seven years in the history of women's health.
The doctor, according to Susan Jordan, a woman's age at diagnosis of ovarian cancer, a disease of the past and socio-economic status seemed the possibility of survival.
More Iäkkää women and cancer diagnosis was more widespread at the likelihood of survival was so small.
Women living in the sparsely populated and remote regions died during the study of 20 per cent more likely than women living in urban areas.
The study does not attempt to explain why women living outside the city is less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan sees potential for delayed diagnosis and access to treatment for a hamstring.
"gynaecological oncology specialists to best manage this disease, and their facilities are located mostly in the big cities," Jordan says.
While treatments are becoming more frequent as remote service in addition to their distance and declining importance, researchers suggest doctors to increase mobility, the specialist doctors can treat patients closer to these homes, as well as programs designed to support patients being treated far from home.
According to a study by Dr Jordan ovarian cancer sufferers' long-term survival rate for women is bad, regardless of geographical location, which highlights the need for better care and better cancer prevention programs.
Rio Tinto Group Ride to Conquer at the heart of Parliament - a charitable organisation funded the study published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, 33, the mother of the family living in the Gold Coast Elis stew was carried by a malignant ovarian cancer.
The city of Rovaniemi wants to strengthen the zoning of Ystäv of flip-flopping car park, which is located beside the hotel of the North Sea.
The city government decided Monday that the park and its surroundings of Ystäv zoning proposal sets publicly available for every service point of reference.
Envisaging the proposal asks for opinions and environmental lautakunnalta Lapland ely Centre.
Zoning change through the city wants to allow engine kelkkailu continued operation of tourism in the region.
There has to be a form of the park, which includes the current Ystäv park and the area between it and the river.
At present, according to the motion, between November 15 and April 30 to a maximum of 200 moottorikelkka permanently.
The region should be allowed to invest in a number of refuelling points as well.
The new park area also allows road maintenance.
The safari park area of the city of Rovaniemi has hired Ystäv businesses engine kelkkailu introduced during the winter.
The rental contract is renewed last spring 2014 and will be in force by spring 2018.
Cool in the car park and the change has provoked more vocal opposition.
Residents of the neighbouring apartments have been näre in voting as well as concerns about leaks.
Emissions in the region, however, has been put to the test, and reports have emerged across the guidelines and the findings.
Reform has more low-emission equipment is too old.
In the car park of Ystäv area supports it, that if a starting place to further, should the hotel carrying safari customers to their places of origin safari buses, which had an estimated 15 departure day.
According to an area of the park and the immediate surroundings of the city Ystäv enough for also sufficiently broad, better than a replacement for starting places proposed venues such as bridges in the east of the river boat laiturin Ounas vierus.
Ystäv of its location in the park for the good reason that some actions can expand in the future, for example, Ounas pavilion in the region.
Barque of consolidation is part of the city of Rovaniemi City Council approved the strategy, according to which, among other things, the city's goal is to create a good framework for business areas by allocating sufficient quality operationally and logistically for the cheap seats.
Ystäv osayleiskaava moottorikelkka ilun starting place in the centre of the park, which has not yet received a legal.
Ownership of housing slump in garden stores
A decline in the number of owners, especially those aged below 35 Asunnon group that may lead to a reduction in turnover in the garden shops consumers tens of millions in today's young people reach the age of the main target for the sale of the Garden"." The Great British horticultural industry trade association, told the Financial Times, the Cult career d'une Trade Association, a survey by The Eagle.
According to a report in the Financial Times apartment vuokraaja are using gardening therapy only 55 per cent of home owners from using money.
The study was also revealed that more and more people live in highly urbanised flats with no gardens and gardening as a whole also diminishes when front coverings are increasingly parking place these factors also threaten the horticulture sector, whose estimated value is around £5 billion per year.
A large area of London residential property has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, with the least amount of money per household and garden products are used throughout the country.
By the EU and the Association of British garden R HS - according to the size of an increase in housing hire or gardening decline does not mean, however, that people cannot grow crops.
R HS's chief horticultural adviser Guy Bart, says that "transferable educational selection, for example, are bred crops are particularly popular among the apartment rent, because such rearing the dishes can be included if necessary change."
According to a report by Eagle's years from 1997 to 2005 were back in the Garden for the sale and possession of a boom in housing wealth increased at the end of the 1980s, in the middle of the 1990s.
The report also predicted that trade improves this year as a result of improved weather conditions, the weather in March and April last year after more poor.
Turkey, for the most part, striding to the American diplomat for spying report
The Turkish foreign ministry has called the country's most seasoned American diplomat to clarify a report about espionage in Turkey by the Americans and the British.
The Deputy Prime Minister Bul, according to former US Embassy chargé d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and The Intercept verkkolehti have written that the US National Security Agency, the National Security Agency, the NSA documents leaked by former analyst Edward Snowden's expose Turkey was the main spy for the British intelligence services in the United States and the United Kingdom.
According to the News Agency of Turkey, the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all major countries have spied on competed with each other.
An earlier report on Ankara to Germany's main intelligence service to spy on my time more angry reaction from the Turkish government.
The new Finnish film in Cannes winner Cro ze
The Canadian actress has appeared in a number of successful films, Marie-José Cro ze naispääosa has a new Finnish film.
Cro ze playing its film director Mikko copper 2, morning and night, whose descriptions are starting this week in Lithuania.
Cro ze won the party's best naispääosa prize at the Cannes film role in the film of the barbaric invasion in 2003.
He has, among other things, Steven in Spielberg's film in Munich, as well as Julian B. belin film The Diving Bell and the Butterfly.
2 in the morning and night - the cinema Guild Award Mikko Nousiainen.
The film gets iltansa next season in Finland in September 2015.
Mallorca Magaluf's police chief accused of corruption
The incident appears to have presented evidence of the police and Calvi, Haute-Corse à blackmail by government officials in the city of Las Palmas in the Office of the Attorney General on Friday.
Located on the holiday island of Majorca Calvi, Haute-Corse à's police chief has been arrested on a wet celebration of the notorious Magaluf following allegations of corruption by the movement and bar owners in the area.
Jose Antonio Navarro ylikomisario placed into custody after several corruption charges against him by the owners of the street movement as Punta Balle Balle. £, located on the street for the most part, Magaluf in the bars and clubs.
According to Majorca for a daily newspaper published online slide rion case appears to have presented evidence of the police and Calvi, Haute-Corse à Las Palmas on extortion by officials of the city government's anti-corruption prosecutor office on Friday.
Spanish Civil Guard arrested two local police officers in connection with accusations of corruption, and they are being interrogated by a judge in conjunction with the Navarro.
Throughout the country appear daily ABC wrote in the nightclub owners angry British authorities of bias, which has significantly hampered their business.
"this is no longer the money, but their survival," said the owner of one of the court.
You do not destroy our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was headlines in several countries this summer, when it spread online video on YouTube, where 18 year-old British holidaymaker was oral sex to 24 with the man known during the pub crawl.
The island's authorities have since tried to curb Magaluf's holiday-makers humal soiled and uncontrolled by reducing the use of notorious, alcohol käry quantities of the participants of the pub crawl.
In addition, Play nightclub in Cambridge, where oral sex video was filmed, was ordered to be shut down for a year, and the owner of the nightclub and the pub crawl organisers carnage was ordered to jointly pay fines of EUR 55 000.
Above all, popular among young British tourists in Magaluf, have become popular tourist destination as well as the non-monetary Volcano con' - a trend that has caused several accidents caused by alcohol consumption, when people have jumped from another or parvekkee parvekkee hotel swimming pond.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip territory returned to school on Monday after a summer bomb shelters, with rockets and mortars heittimet bombed their community east of 50 days in the war between Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed in the region recover from the battlefield.
School opening was the joy of bombs and rockets of tension in the southern Israeli communities, but battle scars are still visible.
In the south, in the city of Ashdod Pash bought a handful of a nursery school workers removed shrapnel from their scent sein and slide the prior to the arrival of children hit by rocket launchers in the nursery.
"we are a bit scared but also excited for us," says Ron only Bart, who lives in the Commune of Saad in a kibbutz in Israel, and working as a teacher of English at a school in the city.
Many children living in this region so desperately need their routines.
Bart's 11 year-old daughter shallow as Bart's view the return to school for a long time to feel "a bit strange."
"we have had difficult times when we left home anywhere," he says.
Riba president Reu ven harmonization of visitors in a kibbutz near the Gaza border in offering their support.
Before the start of last week's ceasefire thousands Saadi Shirazi's habit of communities in the border region, residents were kept indoors or out of their homes to safer areas in order to escape the rocket and mortar fire from Gaza.
Many residents of the community of Dr Oz's book, located near the Gaza front, are sceptical about the return of Palestinian rocket killed a 4 year-old boy in the community.
According to the Ministry of Education Fair 10 families had not yet been returned.
The children of these families has so far invested in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in the town of Sderot, near the Gaza border town, which was under heavy Palestinian fire.
He encouraged children to study hard and promised that "children's education and safety is guaranteed."
Israel and Hamas agreed to an open-ended cease-fire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire stopped fighting immediately, but it will not bring a solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas is demanding the lifting of an Israeli and Egyptian blockade and the reopening of Gaza's air and sea routes.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas and bring the two autopsies of fallen Israeli soldier during the war.
Egypt is expected to start a new round of indirect negotiations later this month.
According to Palestinian and UN estimates more than 2 100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians died in the war and at least 494 children.
Israel has had a different view of the numbers involved it suggests that at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it had no evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, including one Thai worker.
Hamas and other Gaza by Israeli soldiers fired battles 591 4 rockets and mortars at Israeli cities, mostly in the south.
The Israeli army carried out more than 5,000 air strikes and other attacks.
Israeli strikes damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people fled to sustain more than 100 UN school, which had been turned into temporary swamp.
Tens of thousands of people were still in shelters and the fighting continued, school officials postponed the start of school in the previous week.
"I hope that schools will open soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and just as Jews living in sheltered in a school in the town of Gaza's children," said Mohammad Amaru aged 13.
Most commonly used test showed that house prices have risen for seven years in Australia during the winter months.
Australian capital city house prices measure RP Data CORE Logic nic paradox - the house price index rose 1.1 percent in August, the RP data showed on Monday.
With the rise of price rises for June, July and August totalled 4.2 percent, more than the same months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices was 10.9% in August of 2013, which is more than double the amount in the past 12 months, prices have not risen steadily across the country.
According to RP data, research director Tim Lawless Sydney and Melbourne are at the top of the rise in prices.
RP data, the results show that house prices rose by 16.1 percent in Sydney and in Melbourne 11.7 per cent in the previous year.
The creation of Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin are now the most crowded; increases in the price of the average is between five and six percent.
The weakest are in Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4 per cent in a year as a result of the government's spending cuts.
According to Lawless Australia started to see an increase in the number of homes for sale in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"in light of the auction house sales rise, generally lively sales pace and continued low interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue over the next three months," says Lawless.
New Gösta Museum has pulled off a record audience Mänttä deals
The new museum and kuvataide have drawn a record tells the public this summer Mänttä deals.
Serla Bianchi Museum of Art in more than 70,000 guest has gone by the end of August.
New Gösta Museum opened in June and on display there has been one pop classic works of art from the Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein.
While reciprocating kuvataide weeks told Monday denied debater Hetki - event had visited this summer after a record 14 500 who are interested.
This figure is not familiar with.
People have not taken the doors and windows," says the director Pauli Sif - a Serlachius,.
Sif, estimates that the number of the year as a whole will be Serlachius museums this year close to hundred thousand.
In previous years one-day has been around 40,000.
Situated in the middle of Tampere and Sinfonia in Mänttä-Vilppula in around 11 000 inhabitants.
Museum director Sif is reminiscent of the phenomena that when the new museums are always open.
The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
Reciprocating in term of art is hoping to continue for a long time over the summer.
The new exhibition opens at the Art Museum in the autumn.
Police investigating the theft in Kajaani University for the past four days.
On Sunday night a Nordic nkadulla commercial real estate was broken into by breaking a window.
The perpetrator had received cash according to the plane with a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday's deep ditch nkadulla tankista fuel was stolen truck.
From the neck of the Pet venesatama while driving from the boat was taken between Sunday and Monday.
Rowing was whether the fish - a plus outside the pale and contains keller refused.
The box includes billfish side of the text "excellent."
Police had been caught stealing a few suspects.
Woodpecker streams ntiellä business property was broken into on Sunday evening.
Police dog was copied and twenties a freeze tamo laismies emerged from hiding from hunting kuusen.
On Monday police grabbing Palta mosta another man whose suspect is also guilty of the same fraction.
Amphetamines had disappeared into the murder charge Kajaani in
Less than 10 grams of amphetamines tranche disappearance brought murder charges for kajaani lazy man born in 1977.
According to the prosecutor, the man had gone flat with her partner and another man and shot hauli l'herbe drug exporter as suspect his apartment owner, the 34 year-old kajaani laisnaisen.
The defendant denied the charges and claimed the trigger-man for the other man.
The case came to the attention of the police, when police stopped the car, I had an entourage of second-hand clothes were burning in the blood work.
In addition to shreds of clothing burned cars were broken shotgun.
Kainuu käräjäoikeus a judgment at a later date.
August was unusually warm in many places.
According to the meteorological agency as hot August occurs on average once a decade.
The meteorological agency statistics show that the average temperature was higher than usual throughout the country.
Blip was one or two degrees in most of the country.
In July and August due to heat the entire summer became normal warmer.
Throughout the summer, the highest temperature was measured in battle in the first week of August, a gauge showed 3 2.8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never did not hug me.
He never said they love me
Henry was born in Dudley seven child of an immigrant family originating from Jamaica in the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory and Henry died when I was 19 years old, and the relationship between the boy and the father was a distance.
Henry is currently rehearsing Rudy's Rare Records - for the comedy show', which is partly based on a hypothetical discussion with his father, and which has been developed on the basis of the Radio 4 channel series.
Soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and the Beat Up rappia pace.
Henry has had to go through a painful childhood memory.
He has been on a number of occasions in Treatment following the death of his mother, and he was thinking a lot about their relationship with their father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face never appeared, only the voice said: Stop making a fuss.
Sisters leave it alone.
Turn!
I think now cricket.
Older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults with me when I was a child, became a father's pub and discussed a pint of beer, for example, or cricket lyönnin beauty.
I never talked to him about such things.
Most of my life, he was a man without a smile to me in a corner, read a newspaper.
Henry opened recently in Dudley metal smelting and got an idea of how his father lives must have been, although the working conditions are better today than they were.
Molten ttamo are a little brighter today but they are practically a labyrinth of dark smoke, candy depths, where syöksä htelee flames, smoke and soot and which are reminiscent of that el.
Father used to go to the bath and only in our country, and he slowly began to sing their own pestessä aluminium smelter in the dirt out of its own accord.
I am walking around Molten ttamo I realised that she had made it hard for years to get us the food on the table, and I started to appreciate him more.
Despite the absence of Henry's childhood my parents offered proximity.
My father never hugged has never said they love me.
Only when my mother became ill shortly before his death that we started with one another to each other that we love each other.
Henry plays Bill through their own child with the daughter Billie Dawn French, and he has been able to share a love of her own lacked as a child.
Whether you will be constantly repeating "I Love You"?
Stop it now halailu!
A father, I am 22!
With Dawn French.
Why not be friends?
She is a great mother
Henry is still good friends with the French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Daw is a good man.
Why Dawn and I would not be friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons that led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer from high levels of obesity and diabetes symptoms, my doctor ordered me to do a U-turn.
Then I started as much fitness, diet and I also had a tough start to reduce symptoms.
It is very difficult."
And dull.
Nobody enjoys eating carrots.
Henry's well-known, short beard, perhaps, describes her transformation during his career.
After a lot of good feedback from its critics role Othello as he has immersed himself in making theatre.
Next in line were the Comedy of Errors and August Wilson, F, Kansas' "stingy."
The conclusion of the theatre offers a different experience than sitcom characters and comedy in which Henry has done throughout a busy career.
Henry took the field with only 16 year-old factory worker.
One of a DJ noticed him Raw imitaatio are doing and contacted the New Faces talent competition.
Henry's TV career began in the middle of the seventies. "for quite a long time I was the only black imitaattori of the TV presenter and comedian," he says.
Henry learned in taking the job.
I had to grow up in the full glare of publicity, I had to learn how to produce jokes tähteyttä between 1975 and 1985, while the body on a conveyor belt and I was on television, it was a difficult time.
Lenny the New Faces talent competition in 1975
Henry's manager was the scene of The Black & White Min stre d'une Show, a light viihdeohjelma, who appeared as black meikattu, Henry went koomi coke program for five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I wish that I had never been involved in it, but I do not regret it.
Although my role was bizarre and objectionable, I was able to work in the big events, and learned how to deal with the public.
Yet "British TV awards, a perennial favourite and light viihdeohjelma" was a "grotesque parody of black people at the same time."
Henry worked in the 80s, the other in a Comedy Series, which both were marred the admiration was black British culture.
The Lenny Henry Show, the first episode was broadcast in 1984 and in the mid 1990s, Henry was known to include hahmosta chef Gareth Black lock in a Comedy Series chef!
The subsequent decade Henry spent on commercials, documentaries, TV series and movie parts, but the Lenny Henry Show in 2008 in the BBC TV sarjansa after he told himself: "What are you going next, Len - now it seems that just dump site or transport side track."
Next in line was a channel for Radio 4 documentary series "What's So Great About...?"
The first part was Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It does not actually taught us in school properly, and I think it was the white middle class, which uses sukkahousu and is money.
Why Shakespeare theme inspired fear in me.
All the people we interviewed in the programme - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judith Den Ranch - said to me: 'experimenting.
Don't reject the whole idea before you know where you are talking about.
Persistent words and grammatical ymmärrät Shakespeare, why we all love so much.
Henry said that total 20 Othello's last speech for the documentary, and she had been sold.
I felt that I can do that.
It almost felt like a part of me would have intervened in the past, and now it was put in place.
"this is it, this is it, take it seriously, learn the couplet, doing a little background research.
The training process was so hard, and I play for months before it was carried out.
Drama was a success at the end of the day.
It was apparently expected to fail, but it was not quite the case.
Soon after Henry played the bulk of error komediassa.
All of a sudden I played the British national theatre, and could hardly believe it.
At one stage the thought came to mind: "Oho!, You changed."
Once play had technical problems, and Henry clearly felt that it was not his job to entertain the audience.
A small voice in my mind," said to me: "you must survive alone for 10 minutes, until the computer works again.""
Instead, the assistant director, announced that the motion will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out of the arena, and part of me breathe a sigh of relief.
It is not my duty,"
I leave it to others.
"you're part of the spectacle, a permanent role."
Henry "F, Kansas' play at the Duchess theatre
Turn learning the words "f, Kansas' - the spectacle was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
This show was well received, so it was a sign from the gods, as it were, 'This is what you have to do."
Of course this Henry says KU ME ALL A voice.
So I decided to stick to this.
I genuinely love this job.
I love training rooms.
Henry is still basically comedian: Small humour pup constantly interrupting our conversation when he exchanged imitaatio from one country to another.
The Stand Up komiika immediate praise from abstinence is a question of will, because it felt inappropriate, the public seems to be dangerous.
If you are constantly craved it, it could lead to an impasse.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time at the Apollo Theatre, when you feel like it, but in general, it is no longer inspire me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry from Up, whether he intends to stand for longer leave - kiertueelle.
For me to produce a real joy to sit together with the director, which will help to shape the whole trip beginning, middle and end stage, I do not believe that I would never give it up feeling.
So this is his new syntymis again?
I think so.
I play for."
It is really fun.
Née Spallina) when continually tells the story, and in that role, I feel at ease.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya will register civil servants to eliminate the "ghost workers"
Kenya has begun to biometric records of government officials in an attempt to eliminate the "ghost workers" pay off.
The workers, who are not registered in the register in the next two weeks, would not continue to pay the government release was announced.
The government suspects that thousands continue to receive their salary after leaving the official duties.
President U huru Kenyatta promised to root out corruption in the public sector took up the post in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit, the 'ghost workers' salaries and other financial irregularities took at least $1 million a month.
The government suspects that the wages paid to account even after someone has died or left the official duties, the BBC's Wanyama Cheb iri reports from the capital of Nairobi.
All officials will announce themselves register identification centres over the next few weeks, in order to ensure that their data is stored in the biometric registration form, told the government release.
According to the release of all those who fail to do this without proper cause, removing pay off.
"this measure rationalises public sector significantly, because it determines how many people really works for their roles as purged salary lists both levels of government to solve the problem of "ghost employees," says Anne Waie gurus, decentralisation and designing the Cabinet Ministry official.
Seinäjoki 2015 financial year result may fall into a deficit of 25.5 million euros, unless the city to adjust their activities and spending trends in the economic situation is tense.
According to the preparation of the current budget year to cover the deficit is falling about 9.4 million.
As possible strengthening as services were on display on the scale and level of asset sales and purchases of services, and increase subsidies and tax and fee revenue.
The selection of 10 million euros of investment target size is 8.5 million.
The situation there is no relief.
Local authorities imposed new obligations, inadequate tax revenue growth, rising unemployment and a 5% cut in state contributions undermine prospects still further.
Economic seminar is designed to look for new ways to balance the economy.
The city government is agreed that savings must be found.
The ship is to reverse the objective of the strategy, says the city government spokesman Kimmo Heinonen.
The city government restored the proposals yet for the preparation of the leadership group.
The government's proposals as a basis for the preparation of the budget of the city council of economic seminar in the Fram on Monday 8 September.
After the seminar Valtuusto budget proposal goes through a panel discussion of the city government and the city council.
Dozens of Turkish police arrested a suspect in a "plot" against the government
A total of 33 policemen have been arrested as suspects in Turkey," about a plot against the government," local media sources indicate.
The police did not comment immediately.
According to the Hurriyet Daily News newspaper, was among those arrested 14 high-ranking police official in values.
Some policemen came in last December's corruption investigation, which was targeted government officials, including four Cabinet ministers.
Several police officers were arrested in Turkey in July following widespread criminality in the organisation and the telephones of the accused.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan - who served as Prime Minister during that period - F said police operations as part of the Islamist leader of Lambeth ullah Gul lenin planned action against him and others in power.
Not all children return to school in Ukraine
Most of the Ukrainian schools opened its doors on Monday 1 September - after the summer holidays.
Traditionally, this is an important day for families, and Prime Minister Arsen y Yatsenyuk, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents took her daughter to school.
At the same time, he told waiting reporters that all schools have not opened again, but he said that they are committed to defending the country for future generations:
The first day of September ceremony is celebrated every school.
The whole peace does not prevail in Ukraine.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the giant Ukrainian Front must fight for peace.
Aleksei Past Groot Slavian Chizhov, who works as a senior teacher at the school, where the daughter of Yatsenyuk, speaking in Russian.
We hope that peace will come at the end of the day, and that children can learn something, which is good news for them in the future.
The first school day festivities traditionally include children's literary scene giving teachers paidat, balloons and flowers.
According to Mr Perry of Texas libellous twiitti was a promise
Texas Governor Rick Perry, setting fire to the Twitter account was sent on Sunday evening libellous image among Democrats from the district attorney to hear allegations of abuse of power.
Tweet was removed at a later date, and it was followed by another tweet, in which Perry vowed that he had nothing to do with the picture.
Tweet was sent to my account without authorization.
"I do not accept the tweet, and the subsequent publication to remove it," I said.
Perry's underlying forces did not immediately responded to requests for clarification.
While the tweet was sent to Perry set fire to the Twitter account, it is unclear who published the picture.
The first twiitti contained insulting caricature Trav district attorney Rosemary Lehm Stenberg, who was convicted of drunk driving in April 2013.
Perry Lehm level of funding for the office, when it refused to resign, which led to the assembly of a grand jury in Austin this month Perry when these accused Mr Perry is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election.
Tweet of the headline was: "I always thought in hops, allowed three times bigger ml amounts... But when that happens, I blame the finger of Governor Perry."
I am a democrat from Texas hops.
Lehm against Mr Perry has not led to a grand jury investigation of the agency.
Research conducted by Michael Mc C ugly, San Anti iossa operate a special prosecutor, a Republican judge ordered for the job.
Perry has said that they are innocent and called the allegations as a political ploy.
His influential legal team has asked for the matter to a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law under which accused the governor of Texas for the longest period in office, it is unclear as the reflection of the light of the constitution.
Perry cut $7.5 million in state subsidies, who is responsible for the state's public integrity unit, which operates the county with Trav and handle accusations in the public sector, while Stenberg Lehm refused to resign.
Perry's decision prompted the Monitoring Group on the left to make a formal complaint about the matter.
Perry confirmed on Twitter account updated on a regular basis - and sometimes also famously.
After his fifth place in the Iowa legislature meeting during his 2012 presidential campaign, Perry uhosi quitting their tasapeliin by publishing a picture on Twitter of themselves getting lenkkeile lake text" to come here, with the South Carolina!'.
According to the Berkeley, the others are "normal."
One of the main developers in London has warned that the creation of the south-east of England are "returned to "normal" activity levels.
While the capital has been huge demand and soaring housing in London is feared widespread credit bubble, which prompted the Bank of England to set limits on mortgage loans in June.
A high level of Berkeley, founder and chairman of the developer Tony I gley said Monday that "the market since the start of the current financial year and the number of shops have returned normal after 2013 Scrooge" and added that it is possible to have a "stable environment."
The London housing market went well during the recession when it comes to foreign investors in swarms of the capital.
According to the Land Registry house prices in the city rose 18.5 percent in the previous year alone and so clearly exceeded the average in England and Wales, which was 6.7 percent.
Berkeley student buildings of private, affordable and average selling prices rose by about a fifth last year, to reach £423 thousand of price increases by the end of April.
The pound has strengthened in recent months, however, has made a less attractive destination for the London property - some interesting new kiinteistövero must have also contributed to a possible "Mansion tax laws and political rhetoric in the run-up to the May general election.
Fox for an estate agent in London, Ontario, the report warned last week that the mortgages in April, which was tighter lending standards that would lead to a low level of market growth in both property sales volumes and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England on Monday as fresh data showed that the number of loans approved fell in July, which refers to the cooling housing market.
Kiinteistön broker Hampton's International this prediction, London property prices have fallen by 2015, according to lower prices by 3%, as the index has already begun measuring apartment owners say prices weaken.
The number of shops in London's most expensive areas in Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington in the fall by a quarter of a year ago, real estate broker Tokiwa Ellis says.
Demand for homes in the capital, however, is a boon for the Berkeley increased income from property sold to more than 2.2 billion pounds.
I gley added that "well planned, demand has remained stable during the current location of the right product, and consequently sales have remained as busy."
In June, the company announced it had sold 3 742 before a new home in April this year, which is almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak reached in 2007.
Annual profits calculated before taxes rose 40 percent from a year ago as a result of £380 million and revenue rose 18 percent to 1.6 billion pounds.
I gley said Monday before the company's annual general meeting that Berkeley year earnings in line with current market expectations.
Analysts agree that profit before tax for the year as a whole is £450 million.
Berkeley shares sold in the afternoon on the London stock exchange steadily 23, cost £96.
Hacker leaked Jennifer Lawrence naked photos online
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at 85 annual Academy Awards prize-giving ceremony.
Hacker, who claims that he had in his possession a hundred other five-star photos were leaked photos of Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence naku.
The Hunger Games' Star spokesman confirmed that the images are authentic and condemned the hacker's "brazen violation of privacy."
The authorities have been contacted, and all those who publish stolen pictures of Jennifer Lawrence will bring charges.
The images, which were originally published 4chan, described in the journal page, were apparently ended up in the wrong hands as a result of the weakness of Apple's iCloud storage system under a hundred other hacking allegedly listed dozens of other female stars such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Win Instead and Mary-Kate Olsen, told BuzzFeed.
It is not known how many of the pictures are genuine, though Scott against the grim world star Win Instead condemned hacking on Twitter.
"for those who watch me and my husband in a private home years ago by photos: I hope you have a good memory," Win Instead twiitta.
Nick feel de Moor" by Carl y" and "Victorious" series, Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, and I believe that these so-called "alastonkuva twiitta are fake, you will understand."
Let me put an end to this in the bud.
BuzzFeed's announced late Sunday that the pop star Arian Grande's spokesman denied the authenticity of the images on the asterisk.
We only appear on Howard Jacob Log received praise from the new novel, which tells the love and j - literally.
They will be dissolved, the best way of describing it happened gradually, they were rolling out the other than rainfall left in a cardboard box.
It was only then that he heard a woman too serious, arduous, intensive, breaking up, and perhaps also slightly sniped gloves.
Then he decided to wave her hand.
He identified his piikikkä.
Yes, he had sniped than a hedgehog.
The latest victim was in the early stages of her spike had a relationship that was, however, have been promising, it seemed that this relationship would have been able to facilitate his lonely tylsy manifested in his life, and it might have been able to make up some content.
By Aili, Solomon was a pleasure as the hair and beauty that he was a delicate nature of hearts, a village in the north, which was even more stark and further afield than everything Port Reuben.
He had become a parent with a partner to the south, which are expected to be his K colonels ätinsä. Aunt had inherited the house, which is located in the wet but in Paradise Valley, and the Valley title was conveniently paradise Valley.
The White House had not lived for anyone in years.
The pipelines were in their beds, in every bathroom hämähäkkejä snail had left its mark on the windows, the whole place to themselves, and weeds grew in the garden, who recalled the gigantic cabbage heads.
Mökki was than from their children, at the same time threatening and magic garden full of secrets.
The writer to tell: Howard Jacobs, whose novel "J" is nominated for the Booker Prize for Literature in 2014.
6 The Sixth will be published next week
K colonels I was sat side-by-side with the Aili amid broken patio chair in the long grass, enjoying a surprisingly warm spring afternoon, listening both inattentive to the receiver, through which the whole country was calm with music and reassuring news, when the cross of Aili, feet by the sun gave K colonels, reminiscent of a black performer to sing the song, which was long ago have been forgotten and that his father was often heard cabin säle kaihtimet low.
The leg is too big.
Such song were too aggressive from the outset, not opened longer received a stock.
They were not banned - nothing has really been banned - are no longer just opened.
They wanted to submit themselves to oblivion, such as the word 'hola.
The general consensus achieved what laws and will be declared in the field of literature had not been achieved: Just as people choose to read heroes memoirs, soup and romance books, music, and they prefer ballade.
The day is now rampaging tämänä K colonels, started by you of an imaginary piano and singing serenadi Aili cheeky comic voice for big feet.
Aili, I did not understand.
"That was a jazz pianist fat's Wall's famous song," K colonels and I told him, and at the same time, by its very nature, raised two fingers to his mouth.
His father had always done that before,"" the letter to slip from his lips.
It had started the game between his father and he was too small.
His father said he played the same game with his father.
If the main character from si: Starting in the speech, he did not remember to raise two fingers on a new, more people will have to pay a penny.
It was not very nice playing at the time, nor did it again.
He knew that it was expected of him, and that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Aili, I had never heard of such a thing.
Jazz, was not exactly be declared a ban, it not only opened.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
Life had room for only one if the word.
At the beginning of the song that people wanted to know exactly where it would come to an end.
Clever new had emerged in the same way.
In anticipation of that made people nervous.
And jazz was clever marketing new expressed through music.
Although K colonels would not have been heard by the age of 10 years, Sammy Davis Juniori jazz music had become familiar to him as his father through a secret CD collection.
Well, at least he did not need to tell that to Aili fat's Wall, was black.
Given the age of Aili was likely that he did not remember a time when the popular singers were not black.
This does not have laws and coercion.
An obedient society meant that each of its parts accepted with gratitude - gratitude, happiness than the fact that they were saved by trade - the principle that each group has its inherent issues.
According to his temperament and physical properties, African and Caribbean people with family roots are best suited to entertain and participate in sport, so they sang and ran.
Originally from the Indian continent were as inherently talented with electronic devices, so their task was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used to business.
Those were the last remaining of the Polish community, were working as plumbers; the Greeks broke lautasia.
When the reality of what happened, if it happened, they were from the Middle East and Persian Bay, whose grandparents had not fled agile in the fear that they would be accused of flames sparks and flames of fear that they would reach the next step, they opened restaurants, which were offered Slab Tonight - yoghurt and smoked a water pipe, and continued the eyes of her life as a country and as boring and depressed.
Everyone acted according to the size of their gifts.
I had only heard ballade Aili, and he found it difficult to understand how K colonels, I just sing derogatory words had never been dressing as a musical.
Love expressed through music.
"they are not really offensive," said K. colonels.
Except, perhaps, in the view of a leg.
My own father never offended anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but abandoned garden created the illusion of safety.
Not one word to walk through the main plant of the giant cabbage leaf noise insulation.
Aili, I still do not understand.
Why Daddy loved doing something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise two fingers to their lips of Aili company.
Aili already regarded him as odd.
"I was the father, funny" instead," he said.
Aili, shaking his head in disbelief, and his hair covered K colonels in the visual field.
No more than the entire world to see Aili of huge, black thread somehow pehko.
He did not see anything else.
"If you say so," he said, but did not sound from the conviction.
But it does not explain why sing it to me.
By Aili appeared genuinely baffled.
Whether my legs are so big?
He looked again.
Not your leg is really great.
Ankle it, perhaps, a little bit...
And you hate me because my goal are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course, hates you.
It was just a silly song.
He would have been able to say "I Love You," but it was still too early.
"You find attractive because of their ankles jesi thick," he tried to rectify the situation.
I take a perverse sense.
This didn't help.
He had wanted it to sound fun.
Often, when he wanted to be a fun, the effect was quite different, because he, like his father, it was missing the joke of a persuasive charm cruelty can manage.
His father was probably meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, K colonels, I wanted to do the same.
Despite his eyes for leniency.
By Aili Solomon's red came and went in a patio chair and poured over the same receiver and spreading the wine, which they had just run out.
The wine was made only ebulus's defeat, so that he could not use the törmäily cause.
A nerve, United, he seemed to tärise, newspapers as a palm tree in a storm.
"and your skipper, it is perverse to me in particular appeals to you," he said...
Except that it does not seem to me.
K colonels I was sorry on behalf of Aili, both for the sake of their own, unnecessarily cruel words for fear of it, which was reflected in the eyes of this at a time when Aili, I decided to stand against him.
Bone liko Aili that he would?
He was never told of K colonels for life in the icy north of the island, where he had grown, but K colonels, I was sure that basically, it had been the same as a life here.
The same as a massive, icy sea wave against them.
Confused by the same men, albeit after the event even more pale and devil incident more than the traffickers and smash the old parents, wandered in from the pub in the pub, ready to every woman, who would dare to oppose or kiusoit with them.
Skipper?
Yet he saw thick nyrkin unless you should be cautious.
The first lymph - pussaa erotic encounter typical of a man and a woman had become the most common word; receiver out of meaningless love balladi pumping out of the slipstream of the antidote to first and then attacked.
K colonels, I think it was too much, because the pull itself was already hostile.
Aili of Solomon's body language, urged him to leave.
He pulled himself up on the patio deck chair as an old man.
Aili as well, I felt exhausted, but the depth of the grief as K colonels surprised him.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
By Aili followed his spending - just like his travelling partner watched K colonels, once in the top of the window, the man, who was the actual cause heavy lives.
Adam tab departing from the garden, he thought.
He will feel a sense of pity towards K colonels and men in general, although some of them had raised their hands to hit against him.
Backs turned away a kumara, shame, mutilating a man had lost all combative - why he felt that this show was so familiar to him, although he did not remember that had never before seen that before this moment?
When Solomon Aili I was alone again, he felt his legs.
A few years before the event just described, intelligent and passionate 32-year-old researcher ESME E. Nussbaum, who worked in a private hospital in the pacifists, measuring overall opinion did a bit of research in the short term and medium heavy violence continued to decline, or even the end of violence in areas where it was most likely given the money and energy spent on eradicating it.
"a lot has been done, and there is still a lot to be done," he wrote, "in order to offset the struggle for thousands of years and often won the People's intrinsic rejected on aggression, particularly those in remote corners, where hedgerows, despite church towers over the reach of human benevolence is rarely known over time.
Some things, however, cannot eliminate them altogether.
The higher the Tower, the lower they are pleased by it.
The nation is crying on the balladi sentimentaal, devoured by telling stories of hardship and swear in the name of the virtues of marriage and family life, but at the same time, an unrelenting cruelty of urban and rural communities in the grip of a residential areas, and there is evidence of a new kind of evil soul, a row of homes, workplaces, in our streets and even theme parks.
"you have an unfortunate tendency to dramatise his director," commented to read the entire report.
I would suggest that fewer firefighters luet.
ESME E. Nussbaum lowered their sights in the country.
In addition, I must ask: Are you an atheist?
"I think I do not need to respond to that," ESME E. Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
ESME E. appealed to continue their right not to answer personal questions.
Feminist?
Once again, the silence.
"I ask you," Luther Rabinowitz said, "because I am opposed to atheism, lesbian sexuality and feminism.
In the workplace is not being maintained and prejudices.
We are civil servants without prejudice.
Although certain hypersensitivity is perfectly acceptable in itself and praiseworthy, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, such as what exactly the hypothesis for me.
You clearly have something against the church - and what you invitations into a cruel or nasty soul, others are usually appointed as a natural energy and a physical intensity.
Repeat of what happened, if it happened, as if it had happened yesterday, if it ever happened, destroying the country's fundamental economic vitality.
ESME E. Nussbaum felt around the Rabinowitz spoke.
Rabinowitz's head behind the flamingo pink LED light declared recipes, which the pacifists had already has divided the country for the last quarter century or longer.
Smiling for the neighbour, valued partner ballade listening to it, and it conducts musika globalised, using a mobile phone, discussing, explained to listen, I agree, I apologise.
Talking is better than the silence and laulettu word is better than written, but nothing could love.
"I can well understand what they want to say," ESME E. Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice, when it was sure that his director was finished," and I would just like to say that we are not as effective at improving as we imagine ourselves to be.
My concern is that if we have not been warned, we see the same mistakes we primarily, who initially led to what happened, if it happened.
Not this time, though, we shed our anger and distrust each other.
Luther Rabinowitz formed their fingers of the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"We lost too far," he said, "illessa described it as "a mistake" of those acts which our grandparents may have done or not done.
They also lost too far to say that it was his "hatred and mistrust of others."
Vulnerable to it like you should not have to remind you that when it comes to defending our understanding of the past, or of the present, we are not talking about "us" or "them."
There was no 'us' and 'other'.
This time, it was chaos, everything that we know.
"If we are to be perfectly honest, it is chaos," ESME E. daring herself to continue," said none of the group in society cannot be acting in their best.
I am not blaming anyone.
What happened, happened, whether it is good or bad.
It was at the time.
No need to talk more about it - we agree.
And just as it is unnecessary and the allegations, nor do corrections, whether they are justified or not, and although it may be one way to make them.
But for what purpose there then, if it does not take the lessons of the past - -
There is a history, so we can forget about it.
If I can add one more thing - -
Luther Rabinowitz broke his pyramid.
"I get it," he said in the report showed that Mrs went, it was time to leave.
The next day by her work "business as usual" for his hit on the pavement of a motorcyclist driving the passer-by described as "evil soul and furious.
As it happens, it happens.
They are prohibited by the Lesotho army attack; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Lesotho military officials have denied that dedicated to the overthrow of the government they staged the attack, and said that they are acting against the police, which is suspected of trying to disarm and political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thaba they fled the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official residence and taken over government buildings in the capital Maseru in.
The head of state to travel with her family to neighbouring South Africa reported that it has received a death threat.
Army spokesman Major's uke's has denied the attack and said that the army responded to the threat from "political fanatics" the police said, which was trying to disarm and fanatics.
"Lesotho Defence Force took action after a series of intelligence indicating that some police forces are trying to arm young party fanatics and these were ready to cause problems," he told the news agency of the Voice of America.
South African government spokesman Clay bulls Mon yel revolution in military actions in the company.
"even though no body has claimed nneensa abolished the government by force, the Lesotho Defence Force actions show a similar revolution in all respects the hallmarks of a company," he says.
According to officials of the Lesotho army soldiers returning to their barracks on Sunday, and the mood in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, the deputy prime minister Mothe sellowiana Metsing Thaba absence to lead the government.
Thaba says he believes that they have been targeted because he has tried to combat corruption.
Tensions have arisen in Lesotho since June, when they Thaba suspended parliamentary sessions due to differences in a grand coalition government.
He denies doing so have underestimated the power of the government, despite claims otherwise.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft set up a data centre New country
Information technology company, Microsoft has set up a data centre New country location, the location of which the company refuses to.
In a newsletter sent to Microsoft's media company says it will not reveal the location of all its data centres for security reasons.
According to Microsoft's platform is already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
It is Microsoft for several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
The public's seat was previously widely Kajaani University of Oulu.
Microsoft to stop working altogether Oulu points, which takes about 500 people in the workplace.
In all, Microsoft has announced layoffs of up to 1, 050 jobs in Finland.
Microsoft's communications director Camilla Lindfors says that the company does not comment on how many staff, new data centre for the STT employs.
The establishment of the Data Centre New country told the trade magazine on Monday.
Man charged over girl pursuit lights crossroads
A man accused of driving three times over a girl under the age of 78 in Fife at traffic lights.
Gordon Stewart, is accused of driving over the girl at the Pitt River in eastern new cat.
According to prosecutors, Stewart drove the Audi Q3 to driving without due care and causing injury girl.
Anstruther from Stewart, 78, denied the charges at Dundee Sheriff's session.
Sheriff Charles Mac air Q C ordered a trial scheduled for January.
Four vinkkiä better underwater images and video
If you want to take pictures or video under water, you have options to choose from a wide range of equipment.
The cheapest option is water resistant, slim-line cat & - shoo the camera, Nikon Cool pix AW 120 or action - as the camera GoPro Hero 3 + Silver Edition, both of which cost around $300.
I took these pictures of the family, using a variety of cameras, each of whom paid up to $350.
Whatever device, there are a few rules that are worth pursuing.
Always check the equipment on two occasions.
Even if you secure a watertight camera, a camera battery and other parts have been locked in a watertight way.
Setting aside the camera imaging to meet the regulations on the images or video.
Some cameras or camera and video cameras to combine what is a regulation that will optimise the imaging conditions under water.
In addition, before jumping into the water, make sure how deep the equipment can export.
Some cameras lasts only 5 foot depth, some 50 to 60 feet depth.
Read both ordinary and water in our models purchasing handbook and digital cameras in their criticism.
Take a series of photos - many of them fail in any way.
The cameras in computational pak LCD screen, which allows sommit image, while action cameras often do not have this quality.
Even if you were an LCD, it is difficult to see the water, and the picture layout can either make it or break it.
Taking so many pictures.
If the camera allows the addition of forks, which means taking several images of different regulations at a time, use this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
The lights will decline significantly deeper.
If possible, keep the pictures become reality swimming basin near the surface of a lake or a sea.
Even so, would also increase colours; the deeper losses, the less conspicuous colours.
Try to get close to describe the site.
This is an important advice when describing the country, but even more important under water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important that when we have the action camera: These devices often have a fixed lens wide zoom, photographer must be close to the site in order to meet the target for the whole picture.
China will not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders - the protesters vowed revenge
China's parliament decided Sunday that voters do not choose candidates for the 2017 election of Hong Kong from growing, demanding democratic reform in spite of unease.
The decision is likely to provide a spark for business blocks to the long-awaited protests in Hong Kong activists started to design and implement protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
China's National People's Congress decision actually gives the power of the Communists to weed out any candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it is still outrageous," says legislator Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They have been telling lies for Hong Kong.
There is no doubt that we will work with the authoritarian regime.
Li Fei, the deputy secretary-general of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Congress defended the Chinese government saying that a general election set of choosing Hong Kong's leader would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Great Britain extradited from Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised residents that it would be allowed to choose their own leader from 2017 onwards.
According to Chinese leaders Sunday's decision was a democratic breakthrough, because it enables Hong Kong could vote in direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to strictly control the electoral process through a nomination committee, which is managed from Beijing.
According to the new clause only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be adopted.
The decision before the summer, some of the biggest in the region were held in Hong Kong and has attracted the most attention from the protests in years.
Democracy to stand behind the campaign was largely Occupy Central with Love and Peace Movement, which organizers have threatened to prevent business blocks the activity, if Beijing does not grant genuine universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
On Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of Occupy Central Movement supporters gathered rainfall on Hong Kong's main government buildings.
The organizers of the demonstration movement declared a movement to move to a new era of civil disobedience and they should bring waves of protest in the coming weeks.
They did not tell the details, apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Published online in the organizers said that business "keep Occupy Central - staging a last resort, which will be introduced only if there is no hope for dialogue, and there is no other way."
We are very sorry to announce that today is the last chance for dialogue and capsized in the centre of power is going to happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement early days, and on Sunday there were strict security measures the government buildings near the site was, among other things, the police and barricades.
Hong Kong unrest feeds many feeling that people are slowly losing power in the city.
The wave of arrivals from the continent has led the competition for their products and services.
In addition to live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression are disappearing under rising pressure in Beijing.
Some have criticised Occupy Central movement because its exhibitions are threatening the lifeblood of Hong Kong's business world.
"protest that they are talking about, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people will take part and how long it will last," says lawmaker Regina IP, who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want that spreading concern that Hong Kong is slipping away from our grasp.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
Chinese state media has also been stories that Hong Kong's democracy activists are the henchmen of the western powers to foment a revolution."
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on voting rights in Hong Kong, which was attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of the electorate.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the biggest pro-democracy demonstrations in the region.
The prom tradition in the United States hits British universities: New students in private, je
Responding to those we demand the establishment of Britain's first class luxury travel mode today's students.
The company offers a private plane, but also in other vehicles, including a Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1's as memorable as possible, so that customers can verify that the arrival of the university.
Stewart says the service is also the security aspect.
The service is the best option for students who otherwise would be brutal 24-year property in cars loaded down with extremist voices across the country.
When this is combined with the number 6 F - features - the VIP friends, we are prepared to provide high-quality transportation and the university students today is as easy as possible.
According to a company representative reserves has not yet come, because this is a newly established service, but added that "students of the incoming orders over the next few weeks."
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, even though most of the students pay fees of £9 000 school years.
Today's students are very different in terms of their expectations and aspirations than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, studies have now is more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and F VI is exactly the right way to do it.
However, the National Student Association criticised the service, which is not realistic.
According to the Higher Education section, VP Megan Dunn, "this service plan really seems far removed from the lives of the majority of the students."
Many studies of this month will upset the living costs of financial aid in the form of loans and grants that are available are lagging behind the spectacular rise of basic living costs until the next thing we can start thinking about what they would find thousands for use for such simple things as kamp arrived.
Ipswich 'pig' house for sale
Real estate agents removed the image for the sale of a house for sale in Suffolk that image being noticed a big pig lying in the living room of the house.
One of the bedrooms with a house price is £120,000, is located along a private road in Ipswich.
The announcement included a picture of the living room, where a pig under then head to the couch.
According to broker Kiinteistön Connelly's picture of a pig as a pet owner.
"picture, however, came the announcement accidentally, and it has since been removed," a company spokesman says.
Notice Connelly's pause for one bedroom describes a meeting house as "unique."
Although kiinteistönvälitys has removed the image from its websites, it can still be seen in advertising.
The sale of the house has attracted interest in social media, where house prices have asked whether the pig.
Torres's departure was confirmed, Kagawa back to Dortmund on the Manny
Spanish striker Fernando Torres's departure from Chelsea was confirmed, but a substitute came in almost the same door with an opening statement.
Chelsea announced a four-year contract hire nneensa French warheads loving Shipyards Remy's neighbours watched from QPR.
According to press reports, trade price is 13 million euros.
Torres, 30, is moving to AC Milan on a two-year loan deal.
He moved to Chelsea from Liverpool's record in the sum of £50 million four years ago, but never lived up to expectations.
His decision came as the Japanese player's death, Kagawa failed trip to Manchester United.
Kagawa returns expected to Borussia Dortmund in the German Bundesliga, where he made his breakthrough before the transfer of ManU.
According to the press, the trading price is around 8 million euros.
Kagawa's latest is a four-year contract.
I wanted to make my dream a reality in the Premier League.
Now I am happy when I was another man in Dortmund.
This is a great team and wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
Another bundesliiga club Hertha Berlin strengthened Solomon in the attic.
The Ivory Coast striker team is moving to Hertha from Lille in France, and the transfer fee is estimated around 3 million euros.
Before becoming saturated with Lille, 29, played in Chelsea in 2006/12 years.
Paris apartment blocks blown already eight dead
The number of fatalities rose to eight on Monday left the apartment explosion occurred in the city of Paris.
Rosny - plat the carrier's turmassa in the city on Sunday, 11 people were injured, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are still alive from the rubble of the house on Monday, but the discovery of the survivors of hope was fading.
The preliminary cause of the explosion is suspected gas drain.
The explosion occurred early Sunday and was so powerful that it rocked buildings with more than 100 metre radius.
Our whole house moved: Vapisi we fear.
The explosion was so powerful that our ears ringing," described the crash site in a neighbouring resident Mary Lifeline Y yv.
Near a school was already erected hätämajoitus on Sunday for the residents of the house.
Part of life - Only presentation at 17: 00
The hearing presented Only the lives of the stars of the series.
The stars of the programme came earlier in the day for the first time after one of the descriptions.
Part of the star from the early evening media must be Nelonen TV Show bearing the name of the Expo.
On that occasion Nelonen Media presents, with dozens of its software to screen faces
Autumn Only life - are involved in the series - Matti Vesa Loiri, Sam Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them so it is present in the ceremony and the ISTV direct broadcast.
The opportunity to start by Sebastian Rejman juontama Nelonen media presentation software in the autumn of different channels.
The lead after a portion of the ISTV camera team is seeking a Few life - stars interviews.
The article has been updated: All Just life - performers are not present at the ceremony.
According to the information just came to start may be delayed slightly.
Broadcasting is not reflected on all mobile devices.
HJK gaining the player from Trinidad and Tobago
UEFA Europa league survived HJK is gaining a new player from Trinidad and Tobago.
According to the W Connection FC pääsarja club HJK has entered into a loan agreement with Joe Jones.
With Joe Jones is 23-year-old player, who has done to that of a halfback W Connection in 55 28 goals in the game.
Trinidad and Tobago team Jones has played 35 matches.
Transfer news, first reported by Soca warrior - football, according to the site, Jones has been one of the two star players at the TT Pro League last season.
W Connection - followed by Jones to travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian prison staff to keep the national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria protested in front of the Justice Ministry in the capital Sofia.
A peaceful demonstration, they declared that he wants to restore the old work rules, which were changed recently.
Wage rises is also scheduled to talk with caretaker Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have been protesting for months against the new working hours symbolically, saying that they want to go back to the old 24-hour rota system.
Prison workers despite a meeting of Organization and representatives of the Ministry of Justice, there was no agreement on the issue, the Bulgarian National Radio BN [R] says.
Negotiations are ongoing, the Director General of the execution of judgments Rosen Z hely az Kiryakov said for the BN R.
Prison workers' protests by workers at the Interior Ministry is also expected to join a trade union members.
Basketball: Fans from almost too much: Sasu Salin was rounded on the ground
Basketball Sasu Salin was the embodiment of Finland's victory today.
He was able to forget the sysimusta USA ottelunsa and selätti veret solutions of a hold over the second half of the Ukraine.
But Salin transferred all credit wolf fans - and made its style:
By turning round in actual fact there at the end of the pitch that stimulus was so wonderful.
But the eyes blurred, could not do anything.
This racket and white audiences mulle sea was almost too much.
Salin was deemed ineffective moments include nine ducking at a fast pace, the ball and exploitative, sewers and temmellys disc in a place where it was.
I don't know how it happened, but I got a flow state that all succeeded.
They will, but somewhere, sometime, has quite an important place in spades, Sasu incandescent Artists.
It is my role.
Do everything well.
The plot was nice to see that others got caught.
It took the whole gang.
The room is ilopilleri team and the spirit of God, so no wonder that his case raised a whole team for the flight, which was big and heavy-handed for Ukrainian viisiko goes too far.
Finland this World Cup in 32 years after the previous one was reminiscent of a judge of the game
Cinnamomum mainstay Heikki Monto an oik.] was a Finnish päävalmentaja Argentine World Cup hosted 1982.
32 years have passed since the Finnish men's volleyball team played last hosted the World Cup.
Seppo Sirkka terms was the sole Finnish 1982 hosted in Argentina, where legendary Reino Kosonen was Finland's second coach and current player agent Jouni Park Kali General pelaajana.
Kosonen and Park Zone will remember one thing in Feira tulikuuma than yesterday's: It was in the group stage match against France.
"Judge game in a ball of the match was so blatant," recalled Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams had already settled on the back line.
Suddenly, the game resumed.
We lost it between 2 and 3, and then the same pas more would go crazy," said Park Zone.
Finland played päävalmentaja Heikki Monto command and my ranking at the end of the day, 17: Your example.
Finland is now back among the elite in the world today, when Poland's World Cup tournament gets under way on Saturday.
Many things have changed dramatically in the international volleyball in 32 years.
The strength of the players - values are roughly the same as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
Also among the players, they have grown up.
The game is faster," ponder Park Zone.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish player material has escalated, and share the burden.
I expect that Finland is to get out of the group stage.
Then I can be quite tough," judge Kosonen.
Seppo Mississippi
Olli Nenonen Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were victorious in the attack in match against Tunisia.
The current player agent Jouni Park Kali was General pelaajana World Cup hosted.
Let us hope that now petra 17th place.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down," said Park Zone.
Identification of legend Reino Kosonen was the national team coach in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and Kari Körkkö tuuletti the Tunisia match.
Bath and bedtime of worship in Buenos Aires sailor church belonged national team program hosted the World Cup in 1982.
Kari Kalinga oik.] was stretched with its joukkuetoveri.
The young star of the Contest Final competitive - not a victory to South Karelia
The Young Star Contest finaaliin reached Veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen not moved the race victory.
Other investors were not published in the race.
According to its singing teacher Teija Immo competition has been popular.
It accumulates a good experience.
Reformists Final cassettes are still competition song.
The Competition moments will always have wonderful memories, Immonen says.
Finnish tourists rescued C - dog vuorelta Norway: "These men deserve every credit."
When Norwegian seas Mikkelsen and his dog had Thursday down hills, Suzy and Tom Soininen bravely were offered help.
Mikkelsen at the weekend for "international heroes to Facebook should thank their help again.
Mikkelsen said in public that Facebook update on Thursday with her mountains of C had his dog nobilis tutti.
Injured dog is no longer able to walk in steep terrain.
I tried to take it down myself, but I did not succeed, so I had to let it be.
I tried several times to attract and drag it a little further, but not only stand on its feet," Mikkelsen wrote in an update.
According to Mikkelsen will have no help from the police, from a nearby hotel and passers-by.
The evening darkness when the situation began looks threatening.
Fortunately, there were two wandering, who were ready to help: A tampere Antti Soini and his father Tom.
The men had visited Norway's highest (Haram al-Sharif) Galdhøpiggen play and go to the site of the camp, when they saw a woman and dog in the middle of the mountain would roll.
Mikkelsen was relatively calm prevails.
We offered to help him with his dog, Antti Soininen tells bedtime - Sanomi sent a message.
The scene soon came to campaign in a German man, who was also involved in the mattress.
Mattress of the stretcher for the C of the way in which the injured dog was captured.
A German man arrived on the scene moments after us, when we had thought, what to do with the dog and take the dog for a lap down rinteeltä, Soininen says.
Picture: Tom Soininen
The dog had been put down trip through the mattress.
Soini's performance was not physically painful, difficult terrain in the position went slowly.
About half an hour of C came down, however, happily.
After the event, Facebook is still seeking Mikkelsen "international heroes, to thank them again.
Mr Soini replied, without him on Sunday, but a German man is apparently still reaches.
I don't know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen rejoices.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily have returned back.
I want to find these people, because it seems to me that I thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve every praise and glory, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night Mr Soini were already on their way home.
They had received from Mikkelsen kuulumisia joy: - C are reportedly can even better!
Susanna Mäl dunk to put the city of Helsinki ork jacket over a conductor
Some Mäl three-year period starting in autumn 2016 and 2019 would end in the spring.
The proposal also includes options for two additional period.
Mäl dunk began his career as the cellist.
He is an internationally renowned conductor and earned Pro Finlandia Medal in 2011.
Currently over kaupunginorkester John Storgård works as a conductor.
The Bold and the Beautiful the Bold and the Beautiful Series returns to the square today after the summer break.
Opening period insinuations name raises questions.
Finland's all-time most popular saga the Bold and the Beautiful returns today, summer is prepared.
The balloon period is called insinuations," Rhamnus subject with Eric's luck."
Bedtime pulu scan programming period reported:
Eric and Donna will discuss the state of human relations, eating finger food, drink white wine and remembering the love in its history.
Eric is a staunch red shirt style.
Lunch shirt colour, he has chosen a White Emperor Cutler.
Ridge offers Katie to support this approach in terms of Brook and Bill's traumas.
Tennessee has not yet been able to overcome its problems.
The Bill is Brooke in sorting out its own contradictions.
Brooke does not believe that the man was there to try him back.
"I want the Ridge, for you, Bill."
Genetic blip often wrongly diagnosed
A British woman feared the death over the years as a result of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought the bulk of his youth that he only had a few years of life left, because he was diagnosed with the disease.
Actually, he was hit by Charley cot/Marie tooth disease - C MT; it means a hereditary diseases that damage the nerves outside the brain and the spinal cord.
According to the U.K. charity organization Charity Case MT wrong diagnosis is a general problem C MT - in some cases, because so little is known about them.
It is estimated that approximately 23 000 people in Britain suffer from C/MT in the motor, which causes the symptoms of the disease, for example, muscle weakness, difficulty in walking and toe of Kippur to nature.
The disease can cause also elect inefficiency or pain, and it is incurable and progressive, meaning that the symptoms worsen over time.
Rodgers was 13 years old, he thought his sufferer Fried reich in a taxi to the FA, which is really poor survival rate.
Rodgers believed in a wheelchair before they meet 18 and die before they reach the age of 30 years.
Now the mother of two children, aged 51, says that "as a child, I knew that I could not do the same things as the others.
Fall out every day and everything I lasted longer than the others.
I can never now skating to wheelchairs or skateboard to interact with other children, and I was bullied at school because I walked and ran in a different way than others.
Rodgers was 13 years old and he was carried out a number of cuts to direct legs jänteen akilles cuts when the doctor left the room, he glanced quickly research papers, where she was said to suffer the FA of the disease.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone, but I came home I examined data on the disease at the library and wrote to the FA Association," he says.
When I got the information from them, I was shocked and in a state of panic.
I thought my face in a wheelchair by 18 years of age and die before they meet, 25, and in between I slowly lose all my ability.
I went through it myself and I designed my own funeral.
Rodgers says that by 17 years of age, he said that his walk had deteriorated so much as he had thought, and asked his doctor about this.
The doctor just hugged me and said: 'golden girl, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise I would have been in a wheelchair."
I think that was hit by something much less dangerous disease.
Some people on the basis of genetic tests, he was diagnosed C/MT disease.
"When I explained what MT C - the disease is, I thought to myself on the back burner," he says.
MT in the U.K. charity C hold C/MT months to draw attention to the disease.
About 100 migrants found coal wagons in Macedonia
Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants on a train carrying coal, the country's interior ministry said on Monday.
The passengers were mostly Syrians and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday Vele noises from Central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with the lion's share of them.
They did not know where they are, where he came from and where they are going," said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Kote Park.
According to police, the migrants were paid around 3,000 euros each to go to Greece, and still get an additional 800 to 900 euros in Serbia.
Illegal immigrants passes through plenty of Macedonia's two million people on their way to Western Europe.
Three million people have already fled to Syria's bloody civil war.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai are supporting Scottish independence
Popa yhtyeet Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai are joined by supporters of Scottish independence.
According to the Guardian newspaper yhtyeet stars, the concert will be held in a few weeks' time in Edinburgh, which supports independence project.
A referendum on Scottish independence on 18 September.
OPTA Mogwai said that the vote is an opportunity for you Scots, which hurts the mark only once in their lives.
In the past, including actor Sean Connery has given his support for independence.
Instead, for example, British stars Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to Scots to remain part of Britain.
According to many independence supporters have been at a loss.
The difficulties of the supermarket continued Wednesday in the summer - home to the news - Ilta-Sanomat
Tavaratalo trade decline continued in July, says perishables trade fandom.
According to the supermarket and hypermarket sales fell 3.2 percent in July from a year ago, lower.
Most of the time, the sale of the home and leisure products, whose sales fell more than 7 percent from a year ago.
Also, significantly less than the previous summer dress products were sold.
The value of retail sales of daily goods instead grew by nearly 3 percent in July from a year ago.
Most sales grew smaller stores and large supermarkets.
At the beginning of the year as a whole, supermarkets and hypermarkets and supermarkets in January during July, turnover has shrunk by more than two per cent.
Instead, sales of daily goods has increased by nearly 1%.
Joan Rivers' family is hoping for the best."
As Joan Rivers has been unconscious since he was located in the centre of New York to a hospital, but his daughter was now hopeful that 81 year-old comedian improves their illness.
"thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was due to heart freeze at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday, according to sources at the nursing home, located in the upper East Side for York endogenous one copy of the clinic announced emergency hospital.
Doctors treat him as a deliberate calm through medication and will be watching closely to his room, until he is currently in a serious condition is stable again.
The case has caused widespread public reaction, and Donald trump, for example, Monte, Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support online.
Areva and Siemens of the Olkiluoto reactor will be completed by mid 2016
Areva has worked for The new power for the TVO in Olkiluoto 3's updated schedule.
Areva, according to the press release, the project that recent delays have resulted in the main reactor automation systems has applied for approval.
The project is already years behind schedule.
In May, TVO gave no estimate of the completion of the reactor.
Nastola Botta beach for 1.4 hectares of the gift - worth around EUR 6 0000
The gift of government Nastola kuski in races for Valtteri Botta Kärk 1.4 hectares of beach, lake shores Wilhelm source.
The government showed a fair sport and it was unanimous in its decision.
Dissenting voices could not be heard at the time decided tontista, says mayor Pauli reason rakki.
The gift of Botta patch of farm buildings - a total of seven paragraphs.
The municipality to dismantle them out before the end of the year, with one exception.
Bottas has promised to build a building site leisure apartment within two years.
We have taken and that he has enjoyed in the birthplace and wants to be here in the future.
Valtteri has asked for the annual rate in the sport - his career and his life.
And hopefully it will continue to do so, the mayor says.
The mayor thinks beach of a monetary value of EUR 4 6 0000 0000.
The beach is shallow and child-friendly.
The area has been a good 10 years of ownership.
Nastola have varying degrees of success over the decades have been successful in sport in the east, with the help of a gift.
The world champion Keihään ben Parviainen and aerobic, world champion wind Matinsalo omakoti received the varnish hulppea tontit society and their buildings.
They did not, however, remained Nastola, but sold his property and turned away.
Parviainen and Matinsalo came Nastola in search of work and then turned the changed situation of life elsewhere.
Bottas is a native nastol rakki inches and a reason for his situation is different, and believes a permanent home in the municipality of Botta.
Hull hire the striker Hernandez followed a record amount
Premier League club Hull invested a record amount of the Uruguay team followed her husband to purchase Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez to switch to Hull from Italian club Palermo £9.5 million, or around 12 million euros.
The contract is for three years.
Hernandez hit 14 goals last season, when Palermo won Serie B's and rose to the Italian pääsarja.
The Uruguay national team he has seven goals and 14 match.
At the end of last summer's World Cup hosted Hernandez came two match exchanges on the field.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in a short space of time," said Steve Bruce at Hull päävalmentaja.
On Monday, Hull said she also acquired the Senegalese team captain of West Ham's Mohamed Diame.
Russian space experiment was a failure - a trip posted gekot died
Russian space increase by five small gecko are dead, says Russia's Federal Space Agency Rosa Pecos dustbin OPTA.
Gekkonidae Photoreceptor travelling on the M4 - satellite aboard for over a month and a half.
Satellite returned to the country Monday morning time.
The test was designed to examine the gecko on reproductive ability and use in the state.
The test was involved in the case of one uros gecko and four.
Although experimental sounds bizarre, it was serious.
The impact of the emphasis on the development of the gecko eggs, for example, only little known.
Gekko via the impact on them, I can try to anticipate the effects would be with humans in this stay for longer periods of time in space, illustrated New Caprice in July.
Rosa Pecos yards of the gecko's time of death and the causes of death or accounted for.
News agency Interfax as saying 'sex' fun" at the passengers from the ice.
Surprise tykse employment also says that the same Photoreceptor - fruit flies along the M4 aboard survived reissusta or win, and also received the offspring.
At the airport in Nice, France arrested a terrorist suspect
France arrested a man suspected of terrorism at Nice airport on Saturday.
The 22 year-old man suspected acted as rekrytoija jihadist group operating in Syria.
The French authorities were informed on Sunday.
Authorities were on the trail of a man after a 16-year-old girl had attracted the money to go to Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and crossed from the Syrian border.
The airline did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit his grandmother, who lives in Istanbul, visit, but alerted authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was totally unaware daughter intentions and told authorities that the family is not related to Turkey.
The man is from Chechnya, according to the authorities, but he now lives in France.
French intelligence authorities had followed her husband to act earlier.
French officials have been worried that the wars in Iraq or Syria attracted radicalised youths constitute a security risk for France as well.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or books in France during the last conflict travelled to Syria, returned or is in the process of planning the departure to Syria.
Transylvanian Hound is: We have a good chance to victory
Koripallo national team hopes further seats are at stake, when Finland will face in the World Cup second ottelussaan Ukraine today.
If the opening defeat to the United States was expected to include Ukraine in those countries, where profits should be required in the future.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I do believe that we have a good chance of victory Petteri Transylvanian Hound is anticipated.
Ukraine beat Saturday games first ottelussaan 72 62 in the Dominican Republic.
To prepare the team to the NBA veteran Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine to play aggressive basketball.
Ukraine is the key player of the game director Eugene "Pooh" jet, whose sister Carmel Jet AG is 100 metres world champion three years ago.
The Dominican Republic against Jet, threw 16 points.
Pooh jet, the speed with which the River, but yes, we are being staged such attacks in the past and we need to sort out our standard defence, Transylvanian Hound, said.
Hanno Möttölä tappiossa yesterday promised that Finland is playing better than in the United States.
We must find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as normal, like a pack of wolves Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars are spread by the alleged nakukuva net - part of specialities
A group of naked photos spread on the Internet, allegedly by a well-known public figures.
The actress Jennifer Lawrence, among others, has been the victim of "nakukuva campaign.
Consumer website TMZ has published an angry comment from Lawrence's representatives, which would seem to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence on the internet, will prosecute, delegates are at risk.
According to TMZ's actress Mary Elizabeth Win Instead has confirmed that the spread of her images are authentic.
He had taken the pictures with her husband years ago.
Knowing that the pictures were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what I saw the trouble for this.
I sympathise with all the people who were hacking victim, she writes, according to the site.
The actress Victoria Justice says in her own name instead of passing the pictures being counterfeit.
Real or fake naked pictures have been circulating, too, at the very least, Kate Upton, Kirsten Dunst, Arian from Grande, Hope Solomon, Kry Ritter, the Strakhov Park and Teresa Palmer.
Honka goalie criticising their own "not doing enough work to get out of here."
Football club FC Honka is currently Veikkausliiga's last league.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitala's comments after Sunday's match VPS illustrate the ensuing mess in the current situation.
I have not had a goalie coach for four months.
But everything I need to adjust," Viitala said 1-2 defeat ended after the battle.
Battle made a lot of mistakes in defence head in the game, especially in the first half.
Goalkeeper Viitala playing bad defence was not pleased.
The subject is in Honga emerged this summer as a lively, and for that reason the defenders Viitala before I have frequent occurrences.
The subject roulette with too many young players have had opportunities, they are not necessarily even deserved.
"of not doing enough work to get away sometimes," Viitala tuhahti without naming anyone individual players.
Päävalmentaja Honga Shefki Kuqi was somewhat agree with the Viitala.
"I said after the game that certain players, if you think treeneihin and fun and games to keep their existing veikkausliiga player, do not need to work, so I suppose the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given time for many young game.
If they do not want to run the place and used for the benefit of the possibility, so it is not my fault.
Kuqi pointed out, however, that observe can expect an immediate success when pelikaveri are constantly changing.
This season has not been on the same team twice in a row.
Especially on the defensive end, a lot has changed hands.
It is the main reason why we are in this place," said Kuqi.
Honka VPS sarjajumbo after the defeat, the penultimate match points to be with the Turun.
Veikkausliiga still has seven rounds, so Ykkös espoolais still have time to avoid the drop.
I have never had a team, I am not going to rain today.
We will certainly fall into this series," goalie Viitala uhosi.
Lars von Trier in the decades after the TV series
Film director Lars von Trier will return as a TV series.
Danish director is working on a TV series called The House That Jack Built.
The series project told Trier acted in films as a producer Louise manufactures mph today at the Venice film festival on Monday.
Production company Zen tropisms, according to the release of the descriptions should begin in 2016.
Trier's records are the work of the script from this autumn.
The series is English.
The mysterious project will also release Trier's long-time collaborator, whether from the sale of a well-known producer Peter Abdullah Municipality Jensen.
A similar series, he says, "I have never seen or will ever see."
"detaining you hold your breath," Abdullah Municipality Jensen says newsletter.
Lars von Trier, 58, is a well-known hype in recent years and have increased their media appearances and films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
For television, he guided the race series in the 1990s.
15: 20 0 1.09 .2014 retail chain Lidl appears to have at least half of Finns, if figures are to be believed.
The trade group Lidl Finland operation run by Lidl Finland Kommanditgesellschaft Group turnover continued to grow through an accounting term expired at the end of February.
The company also increased its outcome.
Profit before tax amounted to EUR 7 9.6 million a year earlier, when it was 5 of 6.4 million euros.
The turnover was swelling on his behalf from 960 million euros to 1.2 billion euros.
Growth was 25%.
The company has been increasing its market share also improved business results from EUR 61 million to EUR 84 million.
Liikevoitto% grew 7.1.
The German-owned Lidl accounting period at the beginning of March to the end of February.
The company will pay the tax from an accounting period ended February Finland 13.7 million euros.
Keep up the multiples expanded the company has to invest 100 million euros in Finland this year.
Finland is currently 142 Lidl shop and employs more than 4,000 workers.
The first shops opened in 2002.
Ice bucket challenge participants to displaced persons from leuka
British Isabelle Roberts roars grew so fast, with an ice-cold water was poured over her that he damaged the bones of her face.
This ice bucket challenge ended painfully ill-equipped.
A woman has been taken for treatment to his roar after ice bucket challenge - in doing so hard that his leukaluu went to displaced persons.
Isabelle Roberts roars grew so fast, with an ice-cold water was poured over her that he damaged the structure of his face.
The water was so cold that the only roar, but the roar when I knew that my leuka started," he tells The Mirror newspaper.
The ice water dumped over 20 year-old.
Isabelle Roberts moments before the accident
I tried to close my lips, but for now, my leuka was locked, and then I realised that something is amiss.
Then I noticed the same thing my mother and my sister, and began to laugh, but I was hurtling down to the emergency room.
Super popular challenge on Tuesday to attend a 20 year-old Briton was taken to hospital where leuka set back into his seat.
Pätkästä video has become an Internet sensation, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Angle wolves ulvo volume growth of the fan of the way I can explain?
Today was a really powerful fiilis.
So said koripalloilija Zacharias Pehko Expectation-maximization game played in 1995, when Finland was hosted in Athens against France Maroussi Blue palloiluhalli.
Not a Pehko exaggerated.
I remember when the game was there.
So were they, too, about 100 Finnish, who cried 20,000 spectators to pull on the otherwise empty premises fuss.
What he said would be a Pehko 19 years later after Finland - the Ukraine match of the World Cup?
Bilbao 100 Finnish fanin troops has eight tenfold.
The European Championships in 1995 was the Finnish Basketball ilun etsikko time.
The men were cleared of Russian karsintaottelu, among others, by winning their final match in Helsinki in sport.
That win opened the doors to the cream of Europe.
Everything looked good.
It was promising youngsters such as Hanno Möttölä.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann raised Möttölä lime viivoilla lopputurnaus team.
The solution, many of which had a different opinion.
Now I can say that from afar Dettmann had wise, although all did not go according to the script at all.
After Athens basketball team crashed deep.
At the Athens Games Finns was reportedly a total slightly more than 100.
The group included journalists, Finnish basketball coaches, players' relatives and some fans.
Journalists, relatives and trainers in Bilbao, but there are also fans.
And there are a lot of them.
The phenomenon has grown incomprehensible proportions.
No one will be able to say the exact figure of Award for tourists.
Estimates have been on the move between 7,500 and 10,000.
Whatever the figure that, on the other hand, is quite incredible.
This is sport and to explain.
In a globalised world economy, companies will move across borders.
In sport there is still an opportunity to look at how we go internationally.
Increasing mobility we can visit to see how our girls and boys are thriving in the world," says professor of sports sociology Hansel Itkonen.
Both Spain and Poland volleyball at this World Cup is surely the Finns, who are seeking elämystä.
A common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
The sport itself will continue to be more attractive.
Itkonen raise sport as part of popular culture.
The threshold is lower than sports matches to go to Berlin to see the art.
The success of air masses is yet to get off the ground.
Let us go, until 1995.
Then päävalmentaja Dettmann challenged basketball league and players to throw some top-class sport professionally.
Nearly a decade passed on it.
Then the tide turned and the team I was on a pedestal.
Volleyball crowd did a little bit of the same movement in the past.
Now both are enjoying the fruits of their work.
Both species like Itkon says, they have managed to produce top-class sport where the sacred triad works: The sports media - sponsors.
Then the public will also take an interest.
And media karneval is taught, what kind of support is that Itkonen recalls.
Whether the species will be able to transfer this massive interest from sarjoihin too?
The Bisons and volleyball played in an average of hundreds, or a little more than a thousand for the viewer.
Itkonen must issue a permit, not necessarily as a response to very good species.
One school of thought believes the transfer of interest.
The second is that it does not want fresh sometimes unhealthy.
This Crowd is ready for the World Cup, but their basic thinking about your experience domestic suites are not interested in two.
In the midst of the emotional reaction of people is a challenge.
Botta's building site verification - nearly 1.5 hectares of the lake shores
Nastola rewards in races driver Valtteri Botta of beach home patch.
The government accepted the donation to the tune of 1.4 hectares unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
Leisure housing Tont will rise in the future.
Nastola in has been monitored until this success of Botta karting days.
He is seen as ambassador for marketing to the Gulf region and in Lahti, Nastola to.
Gift house located in fish Kois, Kärk lake shore.
It has become the ownership of Nastola trade as part of a bigger property.
The region has seven demolition of the building in order to dismantle the expense of six away at the end of this year.
Bottas reached his fourth palkintopalli place in 1: The Belgian Grand Prix in races this year.
He is a World Cup points out of five.
Bottas is a native nastol subject and lived a childhood Wilhelm at source.
He lives in England at the moment but in Nastola in whenever a free formu stations.
Bottas has visited yläkoulu in both places for young people.
Design - smart clothes come from - but hardly poor
It is currently presenting and test them in the ongoing U.S. Open tennis competition in New York.
Ralph Lauren's testing smart shirts who pitch the ball, as well as universities in the top ranks of the players are amateurs such as Marcus Giro.
According to him, the shirt to help him to follow up their own development and regulate the recovery.
Nylon shirt has been woven into the silver sensors, which information is transmitted within the mokkula and there is still a smart phone or on smartphones.
Sensors that measure heart sykettä, breathing rhythms, stress and steps.
Acting as a unit from the mokkula before throwing the shirt in the washing machine.
The fashion house has not told the precise time for the start of shirt sales, nor even hint has its price, air-tech Times reporting.
Rapa Laurens H is not the only smart clothes panostava company.
California: Mount Athos has brought a smart shirt and smart shortsit on sale.
They measure sykettä, breathing and muscle work.
The clothes are paying $100 a head and calling them the size of the thumb of a central unit costs two hundred dollars.
Tekno clothes also wrote Red Orbit.
The smart way to save the textbooks
For many students across campus book cost America $1,000, so Matt Schroeder will soon start a second year of study came up with a clever way to save on costs.
He developed a system of subsequent years courses students borrow books against nominal compensation instead that they were selling books on straight away.
"maths in my book would normally have been paid $180; I paid $10 for a whole chapter of its use as well as for the same reasons: It is centralised sandwich," says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying at Covenant College in the state of Georgia.
Schroeder says that his last chapter of his book would normally have paid $430.
Instead, he used them to $120.
According to the university's board, the average student spends more than $1,200 per year on textbooks and school supplies, but students have access to a number of ways to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly using creative approaches such as online retailers and Schroeder's idea.
More and more students renting textbooks so that they can use the book as a whole number of time and students are paying significantly less than buying a book about it.
More than 250 campuses renting textbooks to keep Nee Inc - a placebo, according to a company of the book trade has doubled since 2011.
The figures reveal that around a quarter of universities booksellers books last spring was renting textbooks, Nee tells the French company chairman Trevor Meyer.
According to the National Association of College Store - Trade Organization for half of all books purchased the campus of bookshops.
In the most simple ways to save it money.
Online sales
In a new book online shops can only get about a third of the price, what it would cost kampuksen bookshop.
Ron Lara Log, Bruce Edwards and Robert Host Entenfeller "Calc District - the ninth book Drinking-Water Quality' recommendation price is almost $290, but specialist books online shop Che Wolf SMEs.com book gets 23 cost $9.99.
Buying used these
Second-hand books are a good option if the reader do not interfere with other notes and passed appearance.
"Calc District, for example - the book is used as Che Wolf SMEs.com online trade 93 18.49 dollars.
The last year of Brigham Young University student Matt Casa day 25 years, says she bought a book, "The Business of the Strategic Media Decision: Understanding Regulation at the End of The Ad vert Business" used in Amazon.com, the online shop just 0.4 per dollar.
The new book would have cost $48.
At the University of Massachusetts Amherst College's School Without Walls - leader Ingrid Bracey and other academics are recommending that students from the professors are asking whether the umpteen reprints of the past can use floundered.
Sometimes new Drinking-Water Quality' reforms are not essential for teaching.
In this case, the old Drinking-Water Quality' can find only a fraction of the price, which would be paid for.
In addition to Che Wolf and bookseller Amazon and eBay Inc's Half SMEs.com is a popular place to buy second-hand books.
Rent
Textbooks leasing worth considering, if good care of them at the time of his arrest, remember to return them, and they need a course of confrontation.
Leasing may have saved more than 80 per cent of the price of a new book.
"Calc District, for example - the rent of the book as a whole range of office costs around $20.
Read the preponderance of company rules, such as notes, pronounced Saladasky to use and the passage of the following charges.
The tenancy ends, so watch out: If you forget to bring a book, late payment can be greater than the purchase price of the book.
The Books
With the acquisition of books instead of ordinary paper could also become an issue.
Sometimes these books will be hired, when its owner paid for the right to use the book, for example, Amazon.com, Che Wolf or Barnes & Noble Inc - book shops.
Che Wolf - trade gets "Calc District - the book - a book about 61 dollars for six months.
Bracey in the literature that many students are saving the most, because several klassikoita can now download free of charge, while in the field of science and technology books can be very expensive.
A comparison of the various sellers, and then elected for an alternative.
Joe G of the Faculty of Law, 29, will soon begin to filter Pepper, recommends for use in the number of BN in sorting out the price, because it can help to ensure that it is searching for the right book.
Before the state network, will ensure that the book is a book of G says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
He bought the book delivery was frozen for four weeks, and he was eventually forced to buy a book in the university bookshop at full price.
The Legion of Tampere theatre meets 20 years
Theatre created in 1994 to combat unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
The activities are welcome to all who want to come out with the art.
Arrange the expression of a leisure activity for the long-term unemployed aged between 17 and 35.
The motions often takes a position in society.
In recent years there has been moderate depression, among other things, the depression, I I I! - humorous stories about narcissism and classic sovituksi.
Believes that each person can change a life of its own.
Compared to almost double the number of people killed in a fire last year
The fire is almost double the number of people killed this year compared with last year.
According to the Confederation of Finnish rescue - Spek media monitoring, 55 people have already died in the fire so far 49 different fire.
Last year, a similar fire deaths was 31.
The vast majority of deaths, 36, has been men.
There have been 11 over the age of 65.
According to statistics from the Organisation fire death worse the situation was most recently in 2009, when 64 people were killed in a fire at the end of August.
The vast majority of fire deaths occur in housing.
There have been 17 fire at flats in death, varnish 21 and seven in a row and other pientalo.
Spek recalls the time of home fire safety.
At the very least, should the viability of all home palovaroittim Spek, according to ensure.
In addition, everyone should check that alkusammutus instruments are easy to be put in place.
All rooms of the home must also be unimpeded exit route.
Children should also tell what electronic equipment they get used to being alone at home.
The first protests of the NATO summit in Newport and Cardiff
Opponents have protested to the NATO summit in Newport last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered for a march against Nato Newport in the city centre.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered for the Cardiff City Hall, known only to the summit.
Stephen Fair cl Viscount Gough followed events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, some had even arrived from Belgium.
Young people were rescued from the mountain by air from the Australian Sin
The two teenagers were backpack as an observer to protect them after a night stranded in Australia's New South Wales area located in the blue mountains.
The 18 year-old man and a 16-year-old girl were left to wander the doors after midday Sunday G's Leap for black they athi.
Those concerns were young people, who had not returned home and phoned the police from eight.
Composed of local police officers and help the search was sent to search for the young and Dealers were found at around 23 Close Brid al Veil Caputo.
The girl had breached their generation, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Police spent the night with the couple, and they were taken to safety on Monday morning.
Backpacker who was taken to hospital by an ambulance in the Blue Mountains, and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian military withdrew from Luhansk airport
Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from Luhansk airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers gave the orders.
According to Ukraine's parachute troops have clashed fiercely with Russian tanks on the ground.
According to army spokesman opposing gun fire has been so precise that newspapers will probably be Russian professional soldiers.
Seven Ukrainian soldiers have been killed during the last 24 hours.
Azov Sea off the southeast Ukraine artillery' yesterday received a Ukrainian patrol vessel sank in the morning, telling border guards.
Eight soldiers have been rescued at sea, and two are still missing.
The stoic Rajavartio was not sure where the ship was shot.
The separatists told yesterday on social media she began shooting.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukrainian forces must immediately vacate positions from which they cannot to fire on civilians.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, today in the talks in Minsk between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE should receive an immediate ceasefire without preconditions.
Lavrov also reiterated that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First of all, we are going to protect our own interests, the social sector, our economy, our businesses.
At the same time, we are also going to draw conclusions about the activities of our partners, Lavrov threatened.
Torrential rain brought flooding to Malmö and Copenhagen
The streets flooded Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, when torrential rain beats to southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters broke several roads, blocked traffic and buried cars.
Authorities estimate Sunday that flooded the substance may endure, even though the rain was forecast to stop Monday.
Hard rains came unexpectedly to Swedish authorities, rather than rain weather warning issued in advance.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute, meteorological Ari Black la estimates that the region is plagued by rain front was very local.
Sade looks narrow and static.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
French socialists should "be quiet and to help France," Franco is the main backer of Hollande says
Vals urged deeply divided on the left" to show their feelings towards the "hijacking the Socialist president, whose composition of the new government does not have the approval of a majority of French people.
The president deserves all of our respect, he deserves our loyalty, we support.
"our job is to stay with him," said Vals and deserved the applause.
Tyynn less this gesture, the prime minister called on the government to leave me alone, despite the controversial 35-hour working week in France, the new economy minister, Emmanuel Macro issued earlier this week, discussed a proposal that the rules should be relaxed.
Hollande on Saturday asked the Socialists to work together with the government.
The justice minister, Christiane Taubira, however, caused controversy by appearing to differing opinions and a meeting of the Socialist deputies of the Socialist Party by criticism that it allows" from France to give up hope about the future."
The far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen mocked the Socialists continued mutual dissent and said that the new government does not believe the Vals lasting a few months longer.
Franco, Hollande has perhaps left hanging by the war, but also so Manuel Vals, whose duty was to form a new government after the previous one lasted not even during the summer.
"the new government will not last until the autumn or winter," Le Pen told reporters.
He reiterated his party's proposal for the dissolution of parliament and had taken his party's election victory in early elections and he himself would be prepared to lead the party.
France's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in municipal elections in March and the extreme right held possession at the top of the list for the European elections in May.
On Sunday in the Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll showed that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party could disintegrate several competing groups before the end of the season of Hollande in 2017.
Po University political scientist Pascal Perrin Thoreau warned that the French will lose patience, unless the new Socialist government failed to improve the economy and record high unemployment.
"there is a small chance of success, but the public should quickly see that change is happening," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Pack deceived Morning Finnish stems from Kirsi Alm - Siiran, Nina Rahko wrong-footed and meteorological Pekka Pou dans poker deceived badly in the recording of the programme.
The Finnish Morning program published last Thursday, Facebook sivullaan fun video of a tape made on Thursday.
Video of the presenter Kirsi Alm - Siira and la Nina Rahko meteorological Pekka Pouta are taped to the Finnish Morning advertising puffi transmission of the next day, but does not go quite a recording pipeline.
Alm Siira go crazy on what he says when he tries to say a word to the budget, and his reactions including Pou dans and the loss of its poker Rahko time after time.
And these heroes should be able to withdraw the direct broadcast even tomorrow, tomorrow the Finnish Facebook update says.
Video on Facebook has become very popular, and it is both tykä added that Facebook shared more than 10,000 times.
The leaf image depicting office worked Jorma K. Pouta, 68, the portrait of my ranking third series in 1972.
Photo Gold is the Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
The streets of Helsinki Frederick architectural masterpieces of the Socialist International meeting was held in the house in May 1971.
The meeting was great statesmen and security measures were huge.
When the Gold Meir went in the toilet, seven days as a bodyguard went along.
At the beginning of the meeting, we got a good five minutes for the picture, however.
I took this picture of four to five metres away.
Light and background were in place.
I realized immediately that it will succeed this time.
1906 terribly ilmeestä sees that the leaders in the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
The competition then performed the images of famous people or events.
It is great that these days can be successful in other images, once an idea and visual vääntöä.
This is the second best picture, which I did.
The best way to do this is by Lasse Virén fall described the Munich Olympic Games.
It sent the competition.
The Väitös Aarnio - the investigation has already cost more than five million euros
Helsinki police drug unit to investigate the legality of the action has already paid more than five million euros and henkilötyö called for 30 to 50 years.
Such an assessment is being carried out by the University of Jyväskylä Jyri Rajamäki doctoral work in information technology.
Rajamäki suggests that the legality of police surveillance and the fight against crime in the first place could be significantly improved by combining the investigation and trial of IT systems.
According to the terminal decline in the use of modern technology allows many criminal technical material.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which the crime to collect information is automatically presumed chain of electronic evidence to satisfy the material, and at the same time provides a comprehensive law enforcement.
Väitös inspected on Saturday.
General: 1999 conception vegetarian food was forgotten on the school wall: "vegetarian diet foods include fish and chicken."
Picture a pirkkal's journey on a school wall from a special release caused a fuss about food, social media, says general Internet website.
Vegetarian ruokailija!
Vegetarian diet foods in the school lunch of fish and chicken.
Only when the list is meat, we cook vegetarian option!
So says a school wall in the unforgettable, 15 years old in the newsletter.
The picture, look away.
Social media to spread the image has sent people Pirkkala's race at the back.
Cleanliness and food service manager Arjan Vaar ma general says that the wall was forgotten blinders is wrong and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently, my income has sometimes been such an idea, which has been discussed with health care at the time.
General for every pupil gets the meal in accordance with his wishes, he says.
In this day and age Pirkkala of school pupils will be offered a vegetarian option only with the permission of parents and doctors or nurses a certificate from a vegetarian diet.
Vaar ma justifies a general nutrition as a vegetarian experiments that young people may leave underemployment, and the lack of meat or chicken can raise eyebrows parents.
Norwegian Cruise Prestige Cruise agreement worth close to $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise No Line in the CHL Holdings Ltd., the world's third largest cruise company, holding talks to buy its rival Prestige Cruises International Inc. - the company's three billion dollars; the data are from people who have close contact with it.
Trade with Norwegian Cruise company, with a market value of $6.8 billion, would be allowed to put in place the Prestige Cruises greater competition in the luxury cruise of the company and its wealthy clients continue to Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd - the RC L. and Carnival Corporation - the CCL - against the companies.
According to the sources of information about a possible deal could be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations will not produce results.
Prestige Cruises - the company's owner, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LL C - AP O. N, also owns 20 per cent of the Norwegian Cruise company.
The sources did not want their names made public because negotiations did not go public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises company representatives have not responded to requests for comment and Apollo spokesman refused to comment.
From Miami with Norwegian Cruise - the company has 13 cruise ships, which covers the route map of North America, the Baltic Sea, the Mediterranean, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover rose 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
Prestige Cruises, which also operates from Miami, of Ocean and Regent brand names, including a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers of Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was $1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
The $29 billion worth of the cruise industry is expected to benefit in coming years, the rise of the middle classes in emerging economies such as China and India.
Companies competing to reach the top of these new customers the option to choose a cruise.
Prestige Cruises recorded the first shares in the US stock market rally their bills in January 2014.
Apollo has devoted the bulk of the company's shares after the 2007 trade, which was worth $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was founded in its current configuration in 2000 after its reunification Gent called B assuring the GE KL - with the cruise company; the latter is Lim Kok of Malaysian billionaire Thaksin's entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested $1 billion Norwegian Cruise company in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise listing as a public company in January 2013.
Apollo 20 per cent of Ghent, accounted for 28 percent of the company, according to the published data and private equity company BTP G Capital long-playing's accounts for 8% ahead at the end of June.
Cruises Carnival, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian Cruise companies counted together account for 82 percent of the North American cruise capacity, emerges from the Prestige Cruise dokumentista from publishing the names in the context of the issuing company stock.
The Tampere city government is dealing with it today.
Animalia hopes the city's strong support from the government.
Animalia Tampere University PhD thesis, the executive director of the IPA Lola Short-cloaked delfinaario according to risk their life in and around the world must end as a matter of urgency.
Around the world in recent years is, thankfully, the widespread view that there is no animal welfare in grip of advanced mammals such as dolphins delfinaario safely and ethically sound.
This approach would also have allowed to Tampere.
Dolphinarium animals except the abolition of the legal issue, but also about the Tampere image as a tourist destination, black danger point.
Black delfinaario Näsi - common dolphinfish according to risk death to strengthen calls for scrapping the operation.
Nääs death is sad continuation Särkän Neman delfinaario's dark history.
The time has come to put points, to close the dolphins die in prison, as well as to explain how the Tampere dolphins and sea could be transferred to the border region, a kind of dolphin shelters, black danger demands.
Dolphins Näsi did not experience a return to the original living environment, but hopefully the remaining Särkän peninsula live dolphin still have time to experience more of life as an impetus in the concrete basin that black danger hopes.
Animal welfare association Animalia's aim is to ban all species of wild animals in circuses in preparation for animals in the overall reform of the law.
This series will also include delfinaario.
Call up Animalia, executive director of black danger attends 1.9. today held a protest on behalf of the dolphins.
The meeting in protest at the Japanese embassy in Helsinki takes a stand against common dolphinfish hunting season gets underway in Japan.
During the hunting season, jailed or killed cruelly delfinaario use of approximately 2 300 dolphins either, or food.
Putin called on Kiev to open negotiations on a new state with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Sunday that the Ukrainian government to stop fighting against separatists in the east of the country and begin negotiations directly from the region" of the country," Russian news sources indicate.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin did not mean that the area of eastern Ukraine controlled by the separatists to become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine's Russian-speaking populations in the region should think again, in order to give power to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin submitted to the government in Kiev for talks with Russian rebels equal partners with his apparent strategy that he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists to take over in the region, thereby forcing the Ukrainian government to grant independence to newly declared Novorossija, through which it can turn to Russia instead of the West.
In an interview on state-owned Channel 1 TV channel Putin condemned the Ukrainian army attempts to take back territory controlled by the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk, where separatists took power in March and April in Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimean peninsula itself on 18 March.
The Kremlin and separatists have recently dipped in the region as "Novorossija, "new Russian" - a term that recalls the glory days before the revolutions of the Russian empire.
According to the Russian news agency Itar TASS, Putin said that the planned peace talks are "an illusion as long as Ukrainian politicians are taking a campaign for the parliamentary elections on 26 October and attacking government forces against civilians in areas controlled by the separatists.
"we must immediately begin negotiations on a broad scale, not just the technical aspects, but also in the organisation of society and the role of the state in southeast Ukraine takes into account the interests of the people who live there," he says.
Peskov said Putin's reference to the "state of "with greater independence, which has been discussed for months with the leadership in Kiev to try to allay the fears of the Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and linguistic rights were threatened.
The Ukrainian government can only grant independence to the eastern regions that they need," Peskov said.
This issue cannot hold talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but the internal conflict in Ukraine."
Kremlin spokesman interruption, which was intended to correct "erroneous interpretation of Putin's comments, stressed that the Russian government is dealing with a separatist rebellion in the eastern regions in a different way than in the case of Crimea, where it is virtually all power in the region, with 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be considerably more difficult to associate itself even in Donetsk or Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, because most of the 6.5 million people living in the region is not ethnically Russian and because the conflict preceded, according to opinion polls, the majority of the population supported staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats are discussed in international forums, the law would allow Ukraine to local governments to fix its own trade agreements, and Foreign Relations, which would give the Kremlin for virtually all power in the region, which links Russia with Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in Russia's main naval port areas of commercial shipping and historic coastal destinations.
Russia's Rostov and Crimean in-between territory is also mines, factories and metal smelting, which produce life-saving products for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed inauguration speech on 7 June that Ukrainian legislators - after new elections - are considering amendments to the constitution, so adding a core area of different regions of Ukraine to decide their own finances and the status of languages.
His vision for independence, however, I differ sharply from the Kremlin and Moscow, perhaps, of arming and instigating the separatists vision.
Putin made his latest claim to the government in Kiev negotiating with Russian as equal partners with the rebels after the rebels went further in the last week, Russian tanks and troops to the invasion of eastern Ukraine before a peaceful region of the Azov Sea coast.
Ukrainian security officials fear that the separatists backed by Russia taking control of the city of Novoazovsk is the beginning of a larger attempt, which aims to retake the strategically important Crimea until the coastal region.
It has led to a massive civilian and military personnel to take Mariupol strengthening of the city of half a million people in Mariupol known as steel production in the port city of Novoazovsk and leading to the Crimean Peninsula, which is located between the narrow land.
Poroshenko spoke of European Union leaders in Brussels on Saturday to seek additional measures to prevent future violations by Russia in Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach a point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
In Ukraine there are now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit did not make decisions about direct action; the leaders made the creation of additional sanctions, so that they can be activated if the Ukraine crisis to flare up in unclear circumstances.
Ukrainian soldiers had to vacate their positions in the area of Ilovaisk in the Donetsk region last week of two Russian armoured division and 1,000 soldiers come to an end to reinforce the separatists in trouble, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council spokesman, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
According to Lysenko's first Russian from Ukrainian 63 soldiers surrounded in Ilovaisk hyppääjä were exchanged 10 Russian paratroopers who were captured inside Ukraine a week ago.
Milan's opening goal was Japanese virtuoso Keisuke Honda already seven minutes of the game.
Jeremy Menez hit first Muntari Acre Chadwick and a little later in the second half on a penalty shootout.
Lazio also won their kavennusmaali rankkari moments after the end of the game, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio Candreva's launch pad.
Lopez went to Inter Milan from Real Madrid for this period.
The former Milan striker icon debyytissä Inzaghi training at the San Siro stadium was only half full.
Match 39 000 spectators yleisömäärä was announced.
Australialais julkkikset and Gabi Grebo C whether alastonkuva scandal in the face
Geoffrey Edel, has declared his shocked his kihlattu might be stolen by hackers and Hollywood's A list stars Gabi Grebo York is naked pictures.
Consumer hissut every man in the world, after a series of Jennifer Lawrence naked photos were published on the Internet as a result of a major celebrity photo hacking scandal.
Hacker, who is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuva the Hunger Games star Lawrence and other super stars, such as huippumalli and Kate Upton, CARA Delevingne, singer Rihanna, Arian Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Teresa Palmer, Emily Brown, including Australian actresses, the Grebo Strakhov, who lives in Melbourne, is apparently stolen pictures in the iCloud leak.
There are 101 julkkiksen names on the list.
Grebo C has focused on whether last month Edel of confide Confidential newspaper said, "This is nauseating."
All images and personal contact should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and disseminated.
In New York the Grebo York has reported verkkolehdessä commented on the incident as "a disgrace" and said that the victims "feel the ache."
The hacker is believed to be about 30, with an image of Mr Palmer's former boyfriend Scott speed, including two from the Palmer above the edge in overall.
Mr Palmer's film - merit is one such film, "Love and Honor" responded with an actor Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck series star Strakhov Park and Sucker Punch actress Browning hakkeroi pictures would not comment yesterday.
Lawrence's representative told TMZ the newspaper that "it is a brazen violation of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen was angry at the hacker twiit "Kännykä product selling stolen from the publication of the stolen images did not differ in any way."
The publication of the stolen images alone should not make it possible, from a legal point of view.
Finland played almost as much as his home ground and became a sensation in winning this World Cup volleyball from Cuba.
See pictures huumasta fan.
On Monday, White: No Pole Katowice in Poland had a white but Finn, white and blue.
Finland's victory was followed by Spodek arena - according to the STT almost 2000 of a fan.
Seemed like it would be played at home.
So we had the game on big fans, Finland's Antti Siltala captain for the STT said.
Finland was game in defeat as early as 0 - 2, but rose by winning 3-2.
Fourth instalments Finland did wonder rises to six points behind.
Cuba has already led to some 16 - 10, but then the Finns were ecstatic over me.
A few hundred Finnish fans were disappointed, however, after being on the field, the charter plane was unable to land because of heavy fog of Katowice.
So come to Warsaw fans missed match.
The Finns fans have conquered Europe hard pace over the last few days.
This World Cup of Basketball in Bilbao, Spain, Finland - fans have attended more than 8,000.
Just as every basket of Finland was a match winning basket, the USA's star player was praised by Stephen Curry Finns festooned with fans after Saturday's match.
The council's meeting will not be sent directly due to technical problems
The Kouvola council meeting today cannot watch broadcast via the Net.
According to the city's release broadcast is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvola urban regrets this situation.
Hindsight record can look at a meeting in a couple of days.
Kouvola meetings of the council has been able to watch via the Internet at the beginning of the year.
The next time a decision could directly monitor 13.10. 2014.
The council's meeting videos can be found at http :/'' kouvola.fi/index/act/council .html online and Kouvola adult caretakers for/of the city's YouTube channel.
