Yuan on urban concerns kuopi is the city in early 2007.
Kuopi City Council has approved the decision unanimously on Monday.
The yuan on the City Council approved the decision last week.
The race, was also involved in the new Cape Corps, but the council decided that the new Peninsula to continue as an independent.
Kuopi yuan and on to the next race on the implementation of the elections separately.
Municipal elections are held next year in 2016.
The yuan after the accession of kuopi has a population of about 11,000.
Indian and Japanese prime ministers will meet in the Island of course
Indian new Prime Minister, a daughter, Alessandra, Indiana di meets Japanese counterpart War Department Beninese course in transition, to discuss economic and security relations, the first major foreign visit in May after his electoral victory.
Golmod five days of the Japanese visit aimed at strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
One of the top are the plans of an expanded nuclear cooperation.
Also, the Indians said to be interested in the defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Puti: Ukrainian troops shooting at civilians
Russian President Wladimir puti accused Monday Karaiskakio van leadership that this refusal to direct policy discussions - the Ukrainian separatists.
The current Karaiskakio van leadership does not want to carry out essential political debate in the eastern part of the country, the news agency said puti - but, according to the Desert.
He also said that the Russian separatists, whose violent in Alaska and the West say they are Russian military aid, were trying to work with Ukrainian troops beyond their current jobs, where puti said that the Ukrainian army shooting civilians.
Militia fighters is pushing away from the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not have the opportunity to shoot people, puti said.
The event was held on Friday and Saturday by the workshops.
It is surprising that the lot was already in the early evening.
That was two days as expected, pro wineries chef Tom screen says.
It was a rap festival was held at the Oval and the third time.
Again next year.
We will continue to be a rap or pop fest - Plato, pia was cloth to convince.
The Finnish comes Tuesday, the entry into force of the law, which restricts the explosives materials acquisition.
In future, individuals must apply for permission from the police in order to buy or keep possession of the substances or mixtures, which could be used for explosive devices, known as the starting material.
Such materials are hydrogen peroxide, nitrofurans, methane, nitrogen acid, potassium chlorate, sodium chlorate and potassium perchlorate, sodium perchlorate and include alloy, if the level is exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide, for example, cleaning and laundry, but the concentrations do not usually exceed the limit values.
Nitrofurans methane, for example, that driving in acceleration.
Before the entry into force of the law and starting materials, however, possess and use the 2 March 2016.
The geopolitics of sterile piercing gangs accused of bartending and Malloch should rush hotel rape
Two hotels in the rape of a defendant is awaiting trial.
The geopolitics of the gangs of sterile piercing, 28, heard the prosecution glas gow ' to the Court of First Instance during the session.
He is accused of rape, which happened after the original county in the province, located in the rush to Malloch Shepherd Smith ' hotel in June 2013.
Web Münster is accused of attacking the woman in this case "to realise that, in the presence of sleep, and so incapable of making decisions for themselves."
The web is accused of rape from the Highlands to the oars in Illinois golf hotel in May 2014.
The judges loved Lady, following the decision of the trial to be held on 17 November pre-Edinburgh superiority in the Court of First Instance.
Premier League: Super raheem was - Mari, the shadow rapporteurs - Premier League - with the message
Aged just 19 raheem Sportster Ealing again showed why he is regarded as an English football as a hope for the future.
I am a white hart on Sunday was an electric atmosphere when the Lake in the Tour such as Mari has certainly Liverpool arrived in Copenhagen.
A wagon is debut was promising: experienced English journalists saw 24 year-old Italian done the ground work for a different attitude than by piercing the city recently.
Joseph Antonelli in the Tour was still far from the summit proceedings.
The Italian missed three high-quality paint job and the six other people, only half of their team.
The player has already recommended to violence have dark supporters expect better.
The Liverpool manager ' tak rod fingers were planted in Lake in the Tour are the Best Gervilla long-distance skating Mercedes very role in the team's second attacker, tak Ancol in Alabama ridge.
A team of Ray West Lake in the Tour instead of Best midfield diamond and raheem Sportster Ealing, which attacked a 3-0 victory in the crucial opening goal past River Island would go through.
Alaska, Norway, 19, is not only a brilliant performance.
Lake in the Tour to 20 per cent shorter than the English is opposing lines more than fish in the water.
Trait not common for a player who is at best a nurm approximately 34 kilometers per hour.
Also the rod fingers deserves the schilling development.
Northern Irishman said after the match how Liverpool has systematically developed the Lion Municipality petticoats at the increase in the north-west of London, just like the case for a more complete player.
Sus give cans near the city of Michigan was chosen over the orchestra, conductor - "I am delighted and proud"
Near Michigan City Government has decided to appoint a sus this close, first saw the city's orchestra, conductor of the orchestra the next over, the autumn 2016 onwards.
Newspapers to los Bío Bío time will also have the orchestra, which he will take next.
Sus give cans will begin a new job I am happy and proud.
Near Michigan City Orchestra has played a key role in our musical life for more than a century, the position expressed by a large number of Quebec was the music.
The orchestra has been led by the best Finnish conductor and I have worked many orchestra members with the past.
Look to the future cooperation and we look forward to," he says.
Employee organisations, governments, the pension issue - negotiating areas of country - news - a herd
Pension for negotiations for a new momentum in the labour market organisations own assembly.
Employees of the Province, just on the Island and the administrations on the morning of the negotiating situation.
Then the actual pension negotiations must be continued.
Labour organisations, including a dispute over retirement age, the life expectancy.
Organisations have pledged to work in a career in the autumn, but the latest estimates that it would be born during this week.
Penny-wise pudas Foundation.
Of the Theotokos, a women's volleyball team in a league of o voll Rainey was a League and certainly lack of athletes in a rehearsal for a championship in the semi-final on Sunday.
Certainly the lack of reference in a long drawn-out match 3-2 victory.
The last batch of Kazakhstan Oblast lost 15 to 11.
Neighbour was always one step ahead.
Battle was good, but the defensive play of the game and passports in the shortage was certainly a little bit better, saw Mr. Idrizovo coach counts is capable of.
Mr. Idrizovo six was famous as a tonsil, 190 - Members of an American jack them up fer landscapes was stuck on the sidelines.
This one was played in the sub-continent.
Yes the Carolingian sling his thumb injury despite her game and was already carry a number with a whistle-blowing Idrizovo became the most powerful combination.
As deforestation has begun as the average crowd made way for and will last 10 dze models, some of the time.
Certainly the best skill shortage was part of the Russian River Pass and the difference in his life, to liberty, to which Kazakhstan Oblast circulated as much as possible.
Mr. Idrizovo preparation League continues next weekend, when he will become the heart of the castle of SME training camp of the Theotokos.
The team's encounter on Saturday as "beyond the headline-grabbing" at 6pm, informal training in this game.
On Sunday, facing college sports a second time.
The huge size of dl/figures in
The Finnish company sold their turnover grew in February at the end of the year accounted for almost 25% of the nearly 1.2 billion euros.
The company published outcome data on Monday.
If there is a Finnish Mádl now total 14 2 shops, and enlargement is to be extended.
The dl also told us that the last accounting period, a Finnish paid taxes of nearly 14 million euros.
If the German dl is between dl group.
The company is in Finnish over 42,000 employees.
Ovarian cancer die more often in sparsely populated areas of diagnosis and the difficult access to health care because
The flame for Young and his brother and heart have published a video tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Australians in rural areas, women have higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers went through more than 100 Australian 2005 ovarian cancer diagnosis, winner of the woman's medical records and said that only 35% of women, or more than five years after diagnosis.
The researchers already sus billionaire to the luge track a q of medica mondiale, blue-sky research Institute - Centre confirms that the sparsely populated and remote areas women died 20% more likely to during the study than women living in urban areas.
Small research: the new drugs may slow the lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through the history of women's health for seven years.
Doctors give sus Jordanians, according to a woman's age at diagnosis of ovarian cancer type, past illnesses and socioeconomic status influenced survival.
Older women with cancer was widespread diagnosis time survival probability was small.
The sparsely populated and remote areas women died 20% more likely to during the study than women living in urban areas.
Research was not intended to explain why, outside the cities, women have less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but the billionaire will be considered as potential causes of delayed diagnosis and a treatment.
"Gynaecological oncologist specialising in medical care in the best condition, and their reception they are located mainly in major cities," says the billionaire.
Although the services take treatments are becoming more frequent and the importance of distance decreases, the researchers suggest doctors more mobility, so that a specialist doctors can treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programmes to support far from their homes and patients.
Dr Jordan, according to a study by ovarian cancer for women with long-term survival rate is independent of their geographical location, which highlights the need for better care and better cancer prevention programmes.
The Rio-Antirio zeal to con que nitrides of Barca's cancer charities and charity organisations to fund research to be published of medica mondiale, journalists of the Australian newspaper.
The 2012 March 33 years old, living in Florida, gold until the family mother, Cornelis sharks they Mhaolchatha was said at a malignant ovarian cancer.
The Theotokos Cape Town wants to strengthen themselves in the game park of friendship in the park, which is located in the hotel base beside the court.
The city government decided on Monday that the friendship between the park and the surrounding environment in the proposal in public places to shop for the pointer.
The proposal asks for opinions on environmental platforms and lapi of starch - Centre.
Change in town wants to facilitate tourism engine bobsleigh continuing activity in the region.
Here is a park, which includes the existing friendship between the park and the river and the area.
From here, according to the November 15 and 30 April, the remains of 200 game engine.
In region is also a refueling point.
The new park area will allow the maintenance of the road.
The Theotokos Cape Town has rented Friendship Park area, Surfer bobsleigh engine for use during the winter.
The rental agreement is renewed, most recently in spring 2014 and the contract is valid in the spring of 2018.
Game park and pattern of change is hard for even the opposition.
Neighbouring flats were residents in the vote than to worry about.
The region is, however, been no reports of any values over the findings.
A new rolling stock is too old for more.
Friendship park parking area will support it, that if a starting place would be transferred away from the hotel, should its customers to transport their Surfer Issas starting places, buses, which would be approximately 15 a day.
Friendship Park in the region and around the city, according to numbers from the pensioners also widely enough, better than the replacement for starting jobs in places such as Mrs surfaces of the bridges over the river in a boat jetty neighbour.
Friendship park is its location, so that activities can continue to expand, for example, Mrs Tobias pavilion at the region.
Park activities is the consolidation of the Theotokos Cape city council to approve urban strategy, under which the city is aimed at, inter alia, to create business for a good framework for sufficient quality areas logistically and operationally expensive places.
Friendship park is playing game engine starting venue also centre as part of an overall pattern, which has not yet entered into force.
Ownership of the housing downturn is reflected in the garden in shops
Apartment owners to decline, especially in the age group may lead to garden on their turnover of tens of millions, when today's young consumers will reach the age for sales of garden "target group" Sanofi Financial told the grandmother of the horticultural sector britann - trade union (hor the Cult in Island Province associ Confrontation, head of research).
Sanofi, according to the housing agency photographers use to gardening, only 55% of home owners to use the money for this.
Research was also shows that more people are living in highly urbanised in housing, where there are no gardens. In addition to a garden size decreases as the front cover the increasingly frequent park venue also factors threatening the horticultural sector, whose estimated value is around 5 billion pounds per year.
In London, the largest residential property has fallen by 6% to 43% in six years, and horticultural products are used per household spends the entire country.
But he and the association of britann garden (he) says the housing rent increase or reduce the size of a garden does not mean, however, that people are not able to grow crops.
As far as the leading horticultural advice 'ARGOS Steel says," for example, that will be transferred to the breeding pair up for growing plants are particularly popular among those renting an apartment, because such fattening dishes may be necessary to change'.
This, according to the period from 1997 to 2005 were the horticultural sector, retail boom, because housing ownership and wealth by the end of the 1980s in the mid-1990s.
Also predicts that trade will be in better weather, last year in March and April, after more poor.
Turkish diplomats to be questioned by US spying report due
Turkish Foreign Ministry has invited to the most senior US diplomat to study the report on the American and British spying by their fur.
Deputy Prime Minister in Istanbul, according to the US Embassy and the chargé d'affaires of the Turkish authorities discussed a report on Monday.
German der Eulenspiegel magazine and online magazine: 'Bruce pt have written that American national security agency (national security', their former analysts, Hildesheim, Sow Covent leaked documents reveal that the United States and big britann - the intelligence services as the main target for espionage.
The Turkish news agency says Turkish president in the round, but a dog, played down the significance of a report, saying that all major countries have been spying on each other.
The previous report of the German secret service to spy on their people more angry reaction from the Turkish government.
Barca's vote winner - c roz will occur in the new Finnish film
In a number of successful films, appeared in a Canadian actor marie - if the c roz, attention has been paid for part of the new Finnish film.
(C) the roz plays mikko director of copper in the film 2 night and morning, whose descriptions of the week in Lithuania.
(C) not Barca's Romanones roz won the best film festival prize for his role in the film Barbarian invasion in 2003.
He has appeared in, among other things, even his spiel Goldberg in the film Munich as well as Mr. Bösch abeli jul of the film in the butterfly in a glass.
2 Nights morning film man plays mikko rose.
Finnish film premiere in September 2015.
Malian Field Barca's is galvanised by Sanofi, the police chief, accused of corruption
The case appears to have presented the evidence of police officers in the city, Mr. à government officials from blackmail Malian Field by the public prosecutor's office on Friday.
Malian Field Barca's holiday island located in Alcalá à police chief arrested wet celebration known as galvanised by the region's movement - Sanofi and bar owners have made accusations of corruption.
Inspector if Mr. Paxton Island a were placed in custody after several pounds at a street movement owners filed corruption charges against him. Pound Charged as street located most of the Sanofi is galvanised the bars and night clubs.
Online published daily newspaper, according to a Malian Field Camera dia rion case shows have presented evidence of police officers in the city, Mr. à government officials from blackmail Malian Field Barca's anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
Spanish Civil Guard officers arrested two other local police corruption charges in connection with the judge, and they are being tried together, along with it.
Across the country, the daily newspaper Anderson c wrote nightclub owner's anger authorities of bias, which gave an important boost to their businesses.
"It is not money, but clear," one company owner said.
You do not destroy our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Galvanised by the f was headlines in many countries this summer, when online then you tube video, in which 18 British holidaymaker were the 24th with a man at the time of Socrates (Gawlowski.
The island's authorities have since tried to temper is galvanised by Sharaf al holiday-makers humus and uncontrolled behaviour by reducing the notorious alcohol of Socrates (Gawlowski, participants of the third set.
In addition to in-house play nightclub, where the video was filmed, were ordered to be shut down for the year, and night club owner and Socrates (Gawlowski, organized to carry on for Manitoba were ordered to jointly pay 55,000 euro fines.
Above all, the young British tourists among its recommendation made in the tourist resort of galvanised Sanofi has become recommendations also cheese " - the trend, which has caused several of the use of alcohol resulting from accidents, when people jumped from the balcony will have retired or are retired from the balcony of the hotel swimming pool.
Israeli children return to school in Gaza after the war
Thousands of Israeli children in a Gaza Strip returned to school Monday after a summer of bomb shelters when rockets and rocket throwers were bombed by their community of 50 days in Israeli and Dagenham to war first and schools remained closed in the region recover from the fighting.
Schools opening and has caused tension and rocket bombardment in the southern Israeli community, but in the battle are still visible.
In the south, in the town of Den pashas Rejek do crossover - in nursery workers removed fragments of lead from the wall and slide them before the children arrived after the rocket hit the home.
"We are a little afraid, but also excited," said Caproni, Khaibar, who lives in the same ad in kibbuts, in an Israeli compost in the other, and work as a teacher of English in school in the city.
Many in the region are living children desperately need routines.
'My 11 year-old daughter of my' I think I will return to school for a long period of feeling "rather strange."
"We have had a difficult time when we have gone from home anywhere," he says.
The president meanwhile visited the Russian River near the Gaza border in kibbuts in providing support.
Before last week's ceasefire began, thousands of their way to the border area of Chad, the residents had been kept indoors or have left their homes to safer areas further away from Gaza to escape the rockets and mortars.
Many of the Gaza front, located in the vicinity of Iberia - through a community residents are sceptical about the return of Palestinian rocket killed a 4 year-old boy in the community.
According to the Ministry of Education Fair 10 families had not yet been returned.
The children of these families have so far invested in alternative schools.
The Prime Minister and I give him and the Great River, visited the school in sd differences, near the Gazan border town which was under heavy Palestinian fire.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised that "children's education and safety."
Israeli and Ontario as an open-ended ceasefire on Tuesday.
A ceasefire stopped fighting immediately, but it did not provide a solution to many key questions, such as Ontario, the demand for Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza and its air and sea routes.
Israeli wants to disarm the militias and Ontario to restore war two captured Israeli soldiers crying over the body.
Egypt is expected to be in a new round of direct talks beginning later this month.
Palette, and whether the estimates that the war killed more than 120 Palestinians, of which three quarters were civilians and at least 49 4 children.
The Israeli had disagreed on the number of deaths on its estimate that at least half of the dead were soldiers, even if it did not have proof of this.
The Israeli side died at 66 soldiers and six civilians, including, inter alia, the Thai workers.
Ontario and the others were shot dead by soldiers in combat, 4. 5, 9, 11 rockets and mortars at Israeli towns, mostly in the south.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, took over 5000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people fled to protect more than 100: whether at the school, which was converted into temporary shelters.
Tens of thousands of people still in shelters and fighting, school officials moved the start of the school last week.
"I hope that the school will open soon and we get back to school like other children in the world and just as Jewish children," said the Gaza town of protection in the 13 year-old, Marian M. madrassas to martinis.
Commonly used indicators that housing prices have risen the most in seven years in the Australian winter months.
The Australian capital city house prices of data to measure the encore institutions c hedonism - housing price index rose 1.1 percent in August, showed the amount of information on Monday.
A rise in June, July and August, prices for a total of 4, 2% more than the same months in 2007.
The annual price increase was 10%, which is more than twice as much as of August 2013, but for the preceding 12 months, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
The data, research director with the law, according to Cheney and name are bourne price rises at the top.
The data show that house prices rose by heart in Lydney, 16% in bourne and 11.7% in the previous year.
The Videla, Britons sbane Darwinism and the housing market is now the most crowded; the price increases, the average is five to six percent.
The weakest housing market can axe in which prices rose only 1.4 per cent per year, government spending cuts as a result.
According to the law in Australia that started in the spring to increase sales of existing homes in the coming months, which is a real test of the housing market.
"Given the auction house sales, overall sales at a lively pace and continued low interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue for the next three months," while the law says.
(G) of the new museum has pulled a record audience for this,
The new Museum of Fine Arts and the record to the public this summer on this.
Gasser, head of the Art Museum at the end of August, has more than 70,000 foreign.
(G) of the new museum was opened in June, and there has been, among other things, classic pop art works to benefit from the ' forgotten war and Fitzroy of Rubinstein.
This image of Art Festival said on Monday he made the record, when the current events in the summer, visited 14,500 interested.
This figure is not used to.
The pension is being implemented through the doors and windows," says the director, even so, Iulian von Gasser lac hair Museum.
The von, estimates that the whole year, the number of Gasser lac hair - museums this year close to a hundred thousand.
In previous years, has been around 40,000.
The idea is to come from and to the village in the middle part of this - from the spot is approximately 11,000 inhabitants.
Museum director about von remind, that the new museum are always opening up to the light.
"The challenge is to make the phenomenon of permanent," he says.
This is indeed the art of long over.
Autumn art museum opens new display.
Police investigating four recent days been peeping in the theft.
On Sunday evening the subservience of the thread from the commercial real estate, was broken into by breaking windows.
Workers had received cash plane said a small amount of money.
On Thursday and Monday between the deep Building a stolen truck fuel tanks.
Failing to win a boat from the port again was taken Sunday and Monday between successive boat with a motor.
Fish from a rowing boat was even a sign outside his and contains no muerte.
Home side locked outside the text "excellent" billfish.
A couple suspected of stealing police had caught.
On Sunday evening, or a stream of commercial real estate, was broken into.
Police dog received a copy of the twenties and even from the Indiana man was found in woodland on the Moon and hiding.
On Monday police grabbing the touch of another man, suspected of committing the same fraction.
Gone was the manufacture of murder charges in River
Less than 10 grams of amphetamines, a loss of murder brought charges in 1977 to peeping over the man.
Prosecutors said the man had lost his partner and another man with housing and the firing of a cancer drug exporter, but there is no doubt the owner of the house, the 34 year-old inflicted on the woman.
The defendants denied the charges and claimed to have been involved in the shooting and the other man.
This case came to police attention when a police patrol stopped the car, which had an entourage was busy burning the massacre in second-hand clothes.
Burned the shreds of clothing range, the car was found to have been shooting.
The District the right to deliver a judgment later.
August was, in many parts of the unusually warm.
According to the Meteorological Institute in August more happens on average once every ten years.
Meteorological Institute, the statistics show that the average temperature was higher than usual throughout the country.
Most of the country had a margin of one to two degrees.
July and August due to heat the whole summer was warmer than usual.
Throughout the summer's highest temperature was measured in August during the first week of the mayors, in which the meter was 32, 8.
Fly away on reducing says: my father never hugged me.
He never said he loved me
The reduction was born in a time of seven child Fire started a family in need of du britann lamp Singapore region in 1958.
Cut pears father was working in a factory and died in the rush to reduce was 19 years old. The boy and the father of that relationship was.
The reduction in train is currently frozen in the rye ' instances' Cord - comedy show, which is based in part on his father with a hypothetical debate and developed a radio channel 4....
Soundtrack is a mixture of County Road and pia rap up Beat - pace.
The reduction has had to go through the painful childhood memories.
He has often been in therapy for mother after death, and he thought a lot about their relationship with his father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only said: stop the noise.
The sisters in peace.
Move on!
I now think of cricket.
Older brother Dadjo Seychelles and bees, which were already adults when I was a child, went to the pub with and discussed, for example, a pint of beer or a cricket of beauty.
I never spoke to him about things.
Most of my life for me, it was the smile of a man in the corner, reading the newspaper.
The cut opened recently in their metal smelting du in and gave the impression of his father's life had to be, even though the working conditions are better than they were.
With the wineries are a little brighter but they are in the dark, smoky, labyrinthine depths are in the works to the flames, smoke and soot, which brings to mind that.
The father used to go to the bath and only in our country, and slowly he began to sing their own nests, often swallow dirt out of his own.
With many around when I walk, I realised that he had done the work for years to buy food for us, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite the rush to reduce childhood lacked parents offer proximity.
My father never hug has never said he loved me.
Only when my mother became ill to die with a little before we began repeating each other we love each other.
The reduction in bill fiber - daughter of Kazakhstan to the ferrets, and through their children, he has been able to share the love of it, which he himself was a child.
If you constantly blind ' I love you "?
Stop it now hug bowling!
Therefore, I am 22.
Kazakhstan to the ferrets,.
Why not be friends?
He is a fantastic mother
The reduction is still a good friend of ferrets, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Da, a good man.
Why should I, and I do not have friends?
He is a great mother.
Rushing to reduce their own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the causes that led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer from many overweight and diabetes symptoms, the doctor has ordered me to do a U-turn.
Since then I have a lot, and I also had a tough start to diet to reduce the symptoms.
It is very difficult -
And dull.
Nobody enjoys eating carrots.
Less well-known rush, short beard, perhaps, he describes his change of career development.
After critics from a lot of good feedback from his role as the oth Quello is immersed in the theatre.
Next in line was a comedy of errors and Gauguin from the Log Leclerc in Mexico ("fences").
The theatre offers a different experience than Amazon.com and comedy, the reduction is done throughout the busy careers.
Reduction of the area began when he was only 16 years old factory worker.
One hit recurvata saw him to the animals in the film and contacted the new surface, their ability to compete.
The rush to reduce TV career began in the mid-1970s. "For quite a long time I was the only black Senator in animals and comedy," he says.
The reduction in educational work to do.
I had to come of age in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce jokes conveyor belt between 1975 and 1985, while living in Haringey and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Fly away, new surface - the ability to compete in 1975
The manager was rushed to reduce the rights of the black & white, Istres, show a light entertainment programme, where people are not as black as the closer, so the team came up with the comedian, the programme for five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I hope that I would never have been part of it, but the streets.
Although the station was bizarre and objectionable, I got to work on a major scale events and I learned how to deal with.
Still, the British - a favourite of many years of practicing, and light entertainment programme "at the same time, it was" a grotesque parody of black people ."
The reduction was in the 1980s in a Comedy Series, and made a joke that was full of admiration for black British culture.
The pilots, cut back on the show in the first period was in 1984, and in the 1990s, the reduction was the only figure in British Columbia, the cook at lock after black comedy series chef!
In the next decade, the reduction of the advertisements, documentaries, TV series and film sections, but bb c: in 2008, I will fly closer to the championship. "After he said to himself:" what are you going next, flying - it now seems that are only here or moved on. "
Next in line was a Radio 4 documentary series 'what' great shock ' Anderson...? ."
The first part was Shakespearean.
I have always tried to avoid the Shakespearean.
It is not particularly taught us in school properly, and I think it belonged to the white middle class, who use the stockings with trousers and money.
Why Shakespearean theme - I fear.
Every programme we interviewed people - shame the steel floor, The Cathedral, the Tower of nuns with sterile, solder di den Pitch - said to me: ' Experiment.
Don't reject the whole idea before I know what I am talking about.
No doubt the way words and understand why we all love the Shakespearean so much.
The reduction in paid 20 to oth Quello last speech for a documentary and she had been sold.
I knew that I could.
Seemed almost as if some part of me has been lacking in the past, it was put into place.
"This is about, this is important, so take it seriously, learn the rules for pension, do a little background research.
Training process was so tough, and I read this a few months before it was carried out.
This was ultimately a success.
Apparently, it was expected to fail, but not right now.
Soon after the cut to play comedy in error.
Suddenly I was in the national theatre in britann, I could not believe it.
At one point I thought 'imagine' changed '.
Once this was a technical problem, and of reducing knew clearly that was not his job to entertain the audience.
"In my small mind told me: 'You have to do in 10 minutes, until the computer working again."'
Instead, an assistant director, announced that the motion will be resumed as soon as the problem has been corrected.
Walking away from the scene, and part of me would sigh of relief.
It is not my responsibility
I leave it to others.
"You are part of this role,"
The reduction," von Mexico ' in a theatre - du Pitch
Then learning the words 'von Mexico' I was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes people more resilient.
This spectacle was well received, so it was a sign from the gods; ' this is what you have to do."
This reduction of course Finland says one voice.
So I decided to stick with this.
I love the sincerity of the work.
I love training rooms.
The reduction, however, is still basically a comedy: small humour pup interrupt our conversation continued his animals in exchange for another film.
Stand up - compost, abstention is a political issue, because immediately thanks to the familiar sounds of the public seems to be dangerous.
If you are constantly hungry for it, it can lead to deadlock.
I spent a lot of time, sometimes the apollo theatre, when they feel like it, but overall, it does not inspire me in the same way as before.
The reduction in demand, whether she intends to leave for a new stand up - touring.
A real joy to sit together with the film, which will help to shape all the way to start, middle and end, and I do not think that I would never give up the feeling.
This is his new rebirth of?
I think so.
I think the use of -
It is really fun.
The right are constantly being told the story, and the role of entertainment.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenyans to prepare a register of officials to eliminate "ghost workers"
Kenyans have begun to draw up a biometric registration officials in trying to eliminate "ghost workers" off the government.
Workers who are not signed up to register for the next two weeks should not have to pay, the government announced the release.
The government suspects that thousands still receive their salaries of civil servants do.
The president is going to charm anyone ya promised to weed out corruption in the public sector took up office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit of the "ghost workers" wages and other financial misconduct took a month for at least a million dollars.
The government suspects that the salaries paid to account even after the person is dead or official functions, bb c: Marwan Tokyo Sánchez Sardinia disruption reported capital married Robot.
All officials will announce themselves to register over the next few weeks in identification centres, in order to ensure that their data is stored in the biometric registration form, was told of the release by the government.
According to the release of all those who will do this without proper justification, lifted off.
"This is a measure to streamline the public sector, because this will determine how many people really works done. In addition to the purified salary lists at both levels of government. the solution to the" ghost employees' ' problem, ' says the waiver given guru, decentralisation and Programming, the Ministry of Cabinet officials.
It is a river in the 2015 financial year may be the result of the 25.5 million euro deficit, unless the city to adjust their spending and development in a tense economic situation.
The current budget preparation from the missing year is approximately 9.4 million deficit.
As effective as possible, the extent of the services and the level of the haggling and the purchase of services, asset sales and grants, and the tax and revenue increases.
Investment of EUR 10 million of the Eurovision Song Contest is a target of 8.5 million.
The situation is not promising relief.
New obligations imposed on municipalities, enough tax revenue growth, rising unemployment and government contributions, the 5% cut, undermining the prospects even further.
Economic seminar is aimed at finding new ways to balance the economy.
The city government has agreed that the savings are made.
The ship is turning that strategy with the goal, says the city government of, for they have.
The city government has restored the proposals yet management team prepared.
The city government budget proposals as a basis for the preparation of an economic seminar organised by the Monday 8 September.
The council after the seminar the budget proposal moves forward Board through city government and local council.
Dozens of Turkish police officers have been arrested on suspicion of "plot" against the government
33 police officers have been arrested on suspicion of their fur "plot" against the government, local media sources say.
Police authorities did not comment immediately.
Hurricanes will be maintained according to the newspaper, Alaska among those arrested was 14 high-level police officials.
Part of the policemen was linked last December in corruption investigations, which were targeting government officials, including four government ministers.
In July, several police officers were arrested for their fur, accused of a criminal one, and the monitoring of telephones.
Turkish president in the round, but a dog (who at the time, Prime Minister) said the police action as part of an Islamic leader fe Keith u'lláh gul, him and the other in Austria against planned activities.
All children do not go to school in Ukraine
Most Ukrainian school opened its doors Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This is a historically significant day for the families, and thousands of other Ukrainian parents, like the Prime Minister the Caryatid, Alaska took his daughter to school.
At the same time, he told waiting reporters that all schools are up again, but he said he was committed to defending the land for future generations:
In September, the first day of the ceremony is not spent in each school.
The whole of Ukraine is not peace.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole huge Ukrainian Front must fight for peace.
Al Exarchate of pasta to Alaska, which is the lead teacher at the school in Kiev, where the Caryatid Shirayuki daughter, spoke Russian.
We hope that peace will return, and eventually your children to learn, which is good news for them in the future.
The first school day celebrations are traditionally have children's shirts, balloons and flowers to the teachers.
Texas, according to an avalanche of rock was illegal
Texas governor rick from rushing down to sharp wit - bank was broadcast on Sunday evening an image Democrats District lawyer, in the middle of when abuse of power regarding the allegations.
The Lion mount was removed later, and it was followed by a new Lion mount, which was sworn in on, that he did not have anything to do with the picture.
The Lion mount was sent to the unauthorised transactions.
"I accept we mount and removed its," the publication said.
From behind the rush troops do not immediately responded to requests for clarification.
Although Lion etit was sent back down to rush from sharp wit - accounts, it is unclear who published the picture.
First, the rock contained insulting cartoons of the first furlong District lawyer Rosebery mar y cow, who was convicted for drink-driving in April 2013.
Origin of the cow in the post of finance when he refused to resign, which led to a grand jury to probe the gathering in this month from rush when accused of a 2016 presidential elections, a possible candidate.
The sweep, that read: "I have always drunk, three times the permitted higher levels of this.... But then when it happens, the Governor of the finger."
I hop from texas.
Cow Railway Office did not lead to the grand jury investigation of the attack.
Research conducted by the South at this ugly cc, for example, my office of special prosecutor, a Republican judge ordered the mission.
The row has said he is innocent and called the accusations political plot.
His influential legal team has asked by the judge to reject the accusations and said that the legal basis to texas longest was in office, Governor accused, is one of the more vague.
Cut of 7.5 million dollars in state aid to the state commissioner of public integrity unit, which operates the first furlong of the county and managed by the public sector, a cow, Newberg had refused to resign.
From the rush of the left relies on monitoring group to make a formal complaint.
Rush back to the edge of wit - " updated on a regular basis - and sometimes famous.
In the fifth for the Island want electoral meeting of the 2012 presidential campaign during his time on the West to end his steady game by jack wit in this picture of herself at the age of the weakest link in the Lake "here come the NHP sou Keith - I was!."
Hardcore drug petticoats, according to the housing market, there are the 'normal'
London is the most important developers, has warned that the south-eastern English housing market is "back" to normal activity levels.
The City of London housing has been a huge demand and soaring prices while at the same time feared widespread credit bubble, which prompted the English Bank to set limits on mortgage lending in June.
A high level of hardcore drug developer petticoats, founder and chairman, Texas is not g Hurley said on Monday that "the current economy since the beginning of the year, markets and shops to have returned to normal in 2013 after injecting" and added that it is possible, "a stable operational environment."
The London housing market went well during the recession of foreign investors in search of hordes of capital.
The Land Registry reported that capital city house prices rose by 18.5% in the previous year and exceeded the plain English and the Welsh average, which was 6%.
Hardcore drug petticoats of private, affordable and student buildings average sales prices increased by around a fifth in the previous year, reaching 42 30 000 pound price at the end of April.
Stronger pound has, however, the London real estate less attractive destination in the last few months of interest have also affected the new property tax laws and political rhetoric on a possible "mansions tax" before the May general elections.
A London estate agents Region Buxton, warned last week that the April report on the mortgage, reported tighter lending, would lead to lower market growth rates and real estate sales volumes and prices in the second half of the year.
English Bank, fresh data showed on Monday that the approved loans dropped in July, which refers to the cooling housing market.
Real estate brokers, he also has fallen ampton internationalist 2015 forecast for London property prices, according to the prices are falling by 3%, as the opinion of the owners of the house price indices, which measure has already begun.
The shopkeepers of London the most expensive areas in Son may be fair and the airport in Ontario has been drop in the fourth quarter a year ago, real estate brokers, Chiba Antonelli says.
Domestic demand in the capital, however, is a blessing to axe over shacks, which increased income property sold over 2.2 billion pounds.
Not W. Conley, adding that the "well planned, with the right product at the best locations have remained stable, and therefore sales has remained a lively."
In June, the company said it had sold 37 42 new home in April in the prior year. This is almost a third more than the economic crisis of the previous peak achieved in 2007.
The annual before tax profits rose by 40% a year ago, to 380 million pounds and turnover grew by 18%, 1.6 billion pounds.
Not g Hurley said Monday before the company's annual meeting that the pension credit year One petticoats with current market expectations.
Analysts agree that the whole tax year before the victory is a 450 million pounds.
Hardcore drug petticoats was also share this afternoon on the London Stock Exchange - steady at 23, 96 pounds.
Hacker leaked by the law of the fake naked pictures online
So fer law ' reaches 85. The annual award of Hildesheim cade to - the prize-giving ceremony.
Hacker, who claim to be in possession of a hundred others over leaked pictures of the actor by the law as one of the fake photos.
Hunger game - the representative confirmed that the pictures are authentic and sentenced the hacker 'arrogant' invasion of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and all who publish the law by falsifying of stolen images of the accusations.
The images, which was originally published on 4chan - described on page publication, were apparently had fallen into the wrong hands flying father-in-law sic loud - recording system due to the weakness of the rest of the century of hacking out a list of dozens of other female stars, as any doctor, without the kard Peleshyan, mar y - Province of Dad's steady and berries - missing the Gironde, California, told the feed.
It is not known how many of the images is genuine, but Shepherd to whisk g against extreme world - star Erwin instead sentenced the hacking of wit in the Valley.
"To those who are watching me and my husband in the privacy of our homes many years ago by the pictures: hopefully you have a good mental ',' instead of in the basket.
Nic Gruyere de Chez ' rly Wind "and" the victoria "- series victoria and golden justice, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, and without that," these so-called naked images of me, I don't fake, I would not understand ."
Let me make a stop in its tracks.
California, the feed announced late Sunday that the pop star as a grande representative aria that was denied to the authenticity of the images.
Only we have the upper hand appear slim in Hildesheim and Lazio b Cason has praised new novel, which tells of love and the e
They are pressing, it is the best description of what happened, and gradually they were loose as its way out of a cardboard box.
Only then, she heard a woman, that it was too serious, painful, intensive, from, and perhaps also a little of the violence.
Then he was waving a hand.
He identified the potential for violence.
Yes, he was a potential for violence, than hedgehog.
His surge, the latest victim had been at the start of the relationship, which was, however, have been promising; had been, it seems that this ratio would have been able to ease his loneliness on top, and it would perhaps have been able to bring his life even with something of substance.
I suspected the presence of many was to tame the hair and he was sensitive to the nature of a Dust joy in their hearts, north of the village, which was even more stark and farther than all the gate ub.
He was the senior travel partner, which is expected to see her skate. Aunt had inherited the house, which was located in the wet but in Paradise Valley, and the valley was conveniently Paradise Valley.
The house was not anyone who has lived for years.
Pipelines are leaked, all in the bathroom was a spider in the snail, had left a mark on the windows, the whole place as their own, the garden grew weeds, which reminded at the price of cabbage.
Suddenly, this was like a fairytale for children, at the same time threatening and a magical garden, full of secrets.
The writer told me: ' Hildesheim and Lazio b Edmondson, whose novel "the Book" has provided a literary prize in 2014.
The candidates will be published next week
The governor's pension had been sitting in a tank with broken terraces in the long grass in the middle, to enjoy the warm spring afternoon, both listening sympathetically to the transponder, which spread throughout the country have heard the music and reassuring news, when a barrage of tank, tanned by the sun, feet gave the governor's vision in mind, I was singing the song, which has long ago forgotten black performers and what his father was often listened to cottages, le kaih platforms below.
The leg is too great.
Such songs were by default, too aggressive, and they have been ringing, we received.
They had not been banned - anything not specifically prohibited - had not only been played.
They wanted to oblivion, as word of the meeting.
Public opinion is, what the laws and the implementation of the declaration had not been achieved: just as the field of literature, people chose to read memoirs, heroes, cooking, music, books and romance as they prefer to Charged.
The wild to see Governor began the imaginary piano and sing a container of Gasser to Chad to noble the arrogance of a voice.
I can not understand.
"It was jazz soon, Lundwall made fans of the famous song," the Governor told him, and while raising two fingers to his mouth.
His father was always done before ,"" the letter to escape his lips.
It had started the game and his father, when he was small.
His father said that he had played the same game as their father.
If you decide to live there, are words that will have to raise two fingers to the new rules, they will have to pay a penny.
It was not very funny joke, if it did not do it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
As I suspected I had never heard of.
Jazz, was not specifically declared banned, not just been played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In the room had just one word.
At the beginning of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would come to an end.
The new agility was gone the same way.
The unprecedented nature of its people.
And jazz music was presented with his wit.
Although the governor's pension was 10 years old, have been available to sam too junior, jazz music had become familiar to him, his father in the middle of a secret on the set.
Oh well, at least he did not tell the scientist, that the fans at one was black.
Taking into account the age of the tanker was also likely that he did not remember a time when popular singers were not black.
There was no need to legislate, not coercion.
A society that meant that each of its parts approved the gratitude - gratitude, that they were as lucky to be the principle according to which each group made it natural.
His temper and physical characteristics, based on the roots of African Caribbean sex with people who are best suited for entertainment and sport, they sang and they ran.
Originally part of Indian origin were as inherently talented electric appliances, so their mission was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used in business.
They were left of the Polish community, who were working as plumbers; past the Greeks broke dishes.
When it happened I was if it came true, they are Persian Bay and from the Middle East were coming from, whose grandparents were not swiftly fled in fear of being charged with flames flared and fearing that the flames would reach out to them, have opened restaurants, where they served Slab - yoghurt and burned water pipe, and continued to live in a country that created and boring into depression.
Which is the size of their gifts.
The thought I had heard of only a tool, and he had difficulty understanding how the governor's pension just sing the same insulting words had never been put to music.
Music was love.
"They are not really insulting," the Governor said.
Except perhaps the grandmother think of cephalopods.
My own father never offended anyone, but this song was her joy.
He had already said too much, but abandoned garden created an illusion of safety.
One word, not running the giant cabbage leaf plants in their isolation.
I may not yet understand.
Why the father he loved something?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise two fingers to the lips of another cyclist.
I always thought him strange, even now.
"It was so funny to think," he said.
As I suspected, shaking his head in disbelief, and his his hair to see the blood on the pitch.
Nothing else to see the world as a huge reservoir of black hair peh Bavarian decision either.
Anything else he did not want to see.
"If you say so," he said, but did not sound convinced.
It does not, however, explain why to sing it to me.
As I suspected, seemed genuinely perplexed.
Whether my leg so big?
He looked again.
Not in the first leg was really great.
The goal, perhaps, a little...
And I hate me, because my mouth are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course you hate.
It was just a stupid song.
He could have said ' I love you ," but it was still too early for that.
"I still think he is thick heels of Yezidi" because, as he attempted to rectify the situation.
I have a perverse sense.
This was not helpful.
He had wanted it to sound nice.
Often, when he was fun, the effect was quite different, because he, like his father, it lacked persuasive charm, which joke brutality can control.
Perhaps his father was mean to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Governor, wanted the same.
These gentle eyes notwithstanding.
I suspected the presence of many of the red rose, and the patio chair and brought the same receiver and seemed to age the wine, which they had been drinking.
The wine was made from a defeat, so that she could not use a motorcycle.
Nervous, he seemed to be quivering as palm tree leaves in the storm.
"And in the thick of it, it is perverse to me especially attractive to begin with," he said.
Except that it seems.
After the Governor had to apologise to the tanks, as well as their own, unnecessarily cruel " because of that fear, which was reflected in the eyes of the moment when I decided to stand against him.
I thought, if I suspected that he might be?
He had never told the governor's pension for life, in the north of the island, where he had grown, but I was bloody sure that fundamentally it was the same as life.
The same huge, a sea wave tanks against them.
The same mixed men, albeit after the event is still pale and more and more diabolical than traffickers and dismantled and their grandparents, wandering from pub to pub, ready to knock a woman, who would dare to oppose or the them.
Thick head?
Yet he should fist thick unless you would care!
The first - the net had become the most common man and woman erotic encounter the descriptive word; receiver out of the extraction of irrelevant love Charged to dien antidote - the first to attack.
The governor's view is of the opinion that it was too much, because of the suction that was hostile.
I suspected the presence of many body language first urged him to leave.
He pulled himself up from the terraces as an old man in a wheelchair.
Also I felt exhausted, but the depth of sadness in him.
No, this was the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
I always followed with his spending - just as his travel partner watched the governor's pension going up again from the window, the man who had a reason to live.
In Shizuoka in the garden, he thought.
He is an hour to see the sense of my blood and towards men in general, although some of them had been filed by him against the strike.
Turning their backs on the bow, to the shame, the man who had disappeared in the morale of all - why he felt that this was reflected in his familiar, even if he does not recall announced that it would be at any time prior to that moment, he has the same?
When the presence of many times I was alone again, his legs.
Just a few years before the event, described as intelligent and enthusiastic 32 year-old scientist knows, Antoninus, Trees, who worked with public opinion in a private hospital of Sow, made a brief survey of medium and heavy violence to continue in areas where violence reduction, or even the end, was most likely given its eradication of money and energy.
"A lot has been achieved, and there is still plenty to do," he wrote, " in order to pave the way for thousands of years of fighting and won the most popular natural aggression, particularly those that have been rejected and in remote corners of the hedgerows of extra-territorial church towers of human indulgence is rarely known over time.
Some things, however, can be abolished altogether.
The higher the tower, the lower are the result of impulses.
People are crying, a member of the Institutional Charged dien, guzzle i can have adversity, told stories and sworn in marriage and family life in the name of the virtues, but at the same time, an atrocity must be unrelenting in its grip and the rural communities that are common in urban residential areas, and further evidence of a new kind of evil, the soul of a row of homes, workplaces, streets and even in the playground.
"You have a lamentable tendency to dramatise," its director, commented after reading the entire report.
I would suggest that stretches less novels.
Us to hand the Trees fell looking country.
I have to ask: if you're an atheist?
"I think I do not need to answer that," until we hand the Trees said.
You are a lesbian?
A further appeal for the right to answer personal questions.
Feminist?
Once again, the silence.
'Demand', I read Günther rab camp once said," as opposed to atheism, lesbian sexuality and feminism.
In the workplace is not maintained and prejudices.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
Although a degree of hypersensitivity is perfectly acceptable and respectable, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, where what has just been about me.
You must obviously be something against the church - and what I call a cruel or evil soul, others call is usually a natural as energetic and physically attack force.
Telling people what I was writing, if happened, as if it had happened yesterday if that happened, destroys the fundamental viability.
Us to hand the Trees looked around them in the past spoken of rab.
Once the rab of behind the pink flamingo LED light, which declared the maxim of " had divided the country in the last century and a quarter or more.
Smile for the neighbour, partner, listen to Charged, the other pig terminals, telephone, discuss, explain, listen, I do not agree, please forgive me.
Talking is better than silence and sung better than the written word is, but nothing could love.
"I understand very well what I want to say, ' until we hand the Trees replied in a quiet voice, was sure that his film was finished," and I would just like to say that we are not as effective improvement as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we were not warned, we find that we repeat the same mistakes, which initially led to what I saw, if it took place.
This time though we shed our hatred and lack of confidence in each other.
I read once Günther rab camp formed under the fingers of the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
'Lose' too far ', he said," in describing the' error ' those acts which our parents and grandparents might have done or be doing.
Lost also go too far in saying that they were stained by their hatred and distrust of the 'other'.
I like the post should not be obliged to point out that when it comes to understand the past, or present, we are not talking about 'us' or 'them'.
There was no 'us' and not 'other'.
It was chaos, and that is all what we know.
"To be quite honest," perhaps in the chaos, we ventured to continue, " one social group cannot say that I behave well.
I am not blaming anyone.
It is what was done was done, whether it be good or bad.
Then it was back then.
It does not need to speak any more - on this we agree.
And just as it is unnecessary and accusations, also does not need to make corrections and, whether they are legitimate or not, and even though it would be one way to do it.
But for what the past is there then, if it does not take lessons - -
There is the past, so we can forget about it.
Add one more thing - -
I read once Günther rab camp broke its pyramid.
"I took the report," he said, and indicated that, until now it was time to leave.
The next day, his date in the normal way he hit the pavements, a 26-year-old motorcyclist, whose driving passers-by are 'evil' souls, and the furious ."
Accident occurs.
Les oth army deny plot to attack; the Prime Minister will remain in the south to FRIACO Cash
Les oth is army officials have denied that the government's embarrassing scenes of the attack and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to disarm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Keith capital sentence bane, fled the country, saying that the army had besieged his official his apartment and seized government buildings in the capital in a blast.
Head of state to travel with his family in neighbouring southern Henrik rich about that has received a death threat.
Army spokesman Major to tle le has denied the attack and said that the army responded to the threat, which was derived from "political fanatics." Police said tried to arm fanatics.
"Les oth defence forces went into action after several intelligence reports that some police forces are trying to arm young party fanatics and those being prepared to cause problems," he told can fleece of maritime Aircraft - news agency.
South African government spokesman c level ye lay many of the military action took the attempted coup.
"Even if someone does not claim that they have the government force, les oth is military action that is most responsible for the coup and distinguishing marks," he says.
Les oth is according to the officials, army soldiers are returning to their barracks on Sunday, and the capital was calm mood.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister sent Michigan wineries already is leading a government that in the absence of Freiburg.
Bane that says that they believe is the subject, because he has tried to combat corruption.
Les oth has been in tension since June, when the bane that suspended the parliament session and the grand coalition government.
He refused to discount the power of the government, even though that to claim otherwise.
Trade magazine: micro Corporation set up a new data centre in the country
IT company micro Corporation has set up a new data centre in the country, whose location the company refused to elaborate.
The micro soft media sent a statement, the company says it does not tell all data centres in the same location for security reasons.
Central is a micro soft says already fully equipped as well as being linked to the network.
It is a micro soft for several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
Publicly, the venue for the Centre was formerly the oulu or peeping in.
Micro soft stopped completely oulu of outlets, more jobs for the approximately 500 people.
All micro Corporation has announced layoffs in Finnish for a maximum of 10 to 50 jobs.
Micro soft communications director Antonello between what it says about Research: the company does not comment on how many staff to a new data center employs.
Data centre for the new country on Monday, told the trade magazine.
A man accused of the girls on the trip from the traffic light crossroads
78 - man is accused of three old girl for driving traffic light crossroads fifty-fifty.
Gor don't save Mr. Field blamed the girls for driving at the crossroads of the River in the eastern vote in Alaska.
Prosecutors said goodbye to war drove audi q 3 - car without due care and led to the injury.
Günther stru instead of the hunted war, 78, denied the charges of the sheriff.
Sheriff char les 1800 ceannairí q c ordered the trial held in January.
The four had suddenly improved their images and videos
If you want to take pictures or video under water, you must choose between a range of equipment options.
The cheapest option is watertight, my cat kompakt - and - in the 'such as occur - the camera icon of cool through Derby to 120 or' go pro camera, like a bloody hero 3 + eyes move Pick, both of which cost about 300 dollars.
Personally I took these pictures of family celebrations, using several different cameras, which cost 350 dollars.
Regardless of the equipment is there are some rules, which are being followed.
Reviewing theses laws at least twice.
Even if you have a watertight camera, however, ensure that the camera battery and other components have closed watertight.
Set on top of the camera for a description of the regulations to respond to serious pictures or video.
Some cameras or camera and video camera combinations, a regulation, the description of the circumstances under water.
Also - before jumping into water, make sure the thesis of illegal export.
Some cameras are only 5 feet depth, others have even 50 to 60 feet deep.
Access and ordinary water, keep buying patterns - our handbook and digital cameras in the criticism.
Take several photographs - many of them fail in some way.
Kompakt cameras in a c d - evidence that allows us to do som at image, whereas ' cameras often do not have this quality.
Although you should have, it is difficult to see under water, and the picture layout can either succeed or fail.
Taking so many pictures.
If the camera in the room, forks, which means several images taken by the various regulations, take advantage of this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
In light of the decreasing significantly deeper.
If possible, stay close to the surface of the images in the swimming pool, lakes or the sea.
I thought I should also add that there are going to lose, the less there is.
Try to get close to the picture.
This is an important country in terms of advice, but even more important under water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when in use is ' camera: these devices are often fixed lens, which is described as a broad perspective, i.e. the pictures should be close to the target, so as to show the full picture of the frameworks.
China does not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders and demonstrators who vowed revenge
Chinese Parliament decided on Sunday that the Hong Kong voters were not allowed to choose candidates for 17 elections growing, democratic reform, for despite the unrest.
That will probably spark the Hong Kong business, long wait for protests by activists started to plan and implement the protests only hours decision after the publication.
The Chinese National People's Congress decided to give the Communists in power to root out all candidates who do not obey, gin.
"This was expected, but it is still outrageous, ' says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator, Njitap beat Nicklaus.
This is not what is shameful about making promises.
They are lying to the people of Hong Kong.
It is clear that we are working with the authoritarian regime.
The Committee of the Chinese National People's Congress, Deputy Secretary General of the Chinese fei defended the administration, saying that the general election of the Hong Kong leader to choose it would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, since the big britann of Hong Kong at the Chinese for making shameful promised residents of the region, that it would get to choose their leader from 2017 onwards.
According to the Chinese leaders on Sunday was a democratic breakthrough, because it will allow Hong Kong could vote in the direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that the Chinese want to tightly control the election process and the appointment of the committee, which manages the trafficking scandal.
The new clause that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong," is accepted.
The preceding summer in Hong Kong was held in some of the region's largest and most striking of these protests in years.
Democracy campaign was largely halted occu cent Chile with chunk & peace movement, which the organizers have threatened to prevent the business quarter of shame if trafficking does not give Hong Kong a genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, only hours decision after the publication of the occu stop cent Chile, hundreds of supporters gathered in Hong Kong, its main government buildings.
The demonstration, the organizers announced the movement into a new era of civil disobedience, and they would bring waves of protests in the coming weeks.
They are not, however, have been telling details, apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Online newsletter published by the organizers said that the movement "should stop occu cent Chile - of last resort, and only if there is no hope for dialogue and there is no other way."
We very much regret that we announce today is the last chance for dialogue has foundered and the centre of power will happen.
Hong Kong authorities are prepared for the announcement, gin, even for days, and on Sunday the security measures were strict government buildings near. There were the police and barricades.
In Hong Kong fueled unease many feel that the residents are slowly losing power to the city.
The continent has generated a wave of competitive products and services.
In addition to live in fear that the Hong Kong values such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing, gin, increased pressure from below.
Some critics have stopped occu cent Chile Movement, the Hong Kong protests threaten the lifeblood of the business world.
"The protest that they are talking about, can lead to huge economic losses, depending on how many to take part and how long it will last, ' says the legislation, the Tuareg, who has long criticized the move.
We do not want to spread concern that Hong Kong is slipping away from us.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
Chinese state media have also been stories, according to the Hong Kong pro-democracy activists are stirring up a revolution in the western US henchmen ."
This summer, the activists held a formal vote on the referendum, which was attended by 78,000 people - more than one-fifth of Hong Kong voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the biggest pro-democracy demonstrations.
The United States - hitting britann ' tradition of universities: new students to the private system you
We thrilled to demand the setting up of britann first class luxury travel mode of today's students.
The company provides private aircraft but also for other vehicles, such as the California roll, after all, the most naked martini or cl aren, 1: so that customers can ensure most memorable entry to university.
Cookie war according to the service is also a safety aspect.
The service is the best option for students who otherwise would be hauled belongings across the country, the children in cars.
When this is combined with a series of properties in the southeast (and friends), we are ready to provide the students with the most accessible and high-quality transport university.
The company, according to the representative of the reserves has not yet come, because the service has just been created, but added that "the students will begin making orders over the next few weeks."
The company believes that the service is in demand, even though most students pay 9000 pounds a year fees, too.
On this day, the students have their expectations and desires are very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, have started their studies. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable stage and f is the right way to do it.
A national student associations, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
The Vice-President of the Higher Education section of high-volume du "service plan seems to be really far away from the majority of student life."
Many this month will begin their studies at a cost of living standards are offered financial support in the form of loans and grants have been set up, from the huge cost of living rise. Only then we can start thinking about where to find thousands of use, simple to arrived on campus.
Ips GMT 'pig' house for sale
Real estate brokers, was removed from the battle in the folk in the sale of house sales picture after picture, the house's living room big lying pig.
One of the bedrooms of the house, which has cost 12,000 pounds, is located on a private road GMT ips.
The announcement was described as the presence of the office, where the pig relied on the couch.
Real estate brokers, according to the first picture of the happy pig is a pet owner.
"The picture, however, the decision was announced, accidentally, and it has since been deleted," company spokesman says.
(C) of the notice, happily describes as "a unique meeting house is one of the bedrooms, the house."
Although real estate brokerage has removed the picture from its website, it is still in the adverts.
The house sale has attracted interest from social media, where is the question of whether the pig house prices.
Towers in the Minervois, confirmed by a returning from Tokyo: the Blessed in Derby
The Spanish invaders, Mrs T. Monitor Imrich starting Son was secured from the sea, but substitute and came home almost at the same time the door opened.
Sichel mixed announced your shame its four-year contract with French league created the tonic of neighbouring club q print.
The trade press has reported that the price of 13 million euros.
Towers, 30, will move to Penela milah, two-year loan agreement.
He moved to Liverpool from the Son is unprecedented at £50 million, the amount four years ago, but never fulfilled expectations.
Decision also became a Japanese player who Life cover Tokyo failed expeditions on behalf of the Unit to move forward.
Corporation to cover the expected return of the German League, the Condor Mountain Avenue in Derby, where he made the breakthrough before then - a transfer.
According to the press, trading price of around 8 million euros.
The Corporation is the recent agreement by the end of the four-year.
I wanted to make my dream come true in the Premier League.
Now I am happy when I was in Malaysia to Derby.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, Fukuoka said.
The second league club of Berliners, that battle is often fed on fish.
Ivory coast team also attacked moves to raise the case of the French people, and the figure is estimated at around 300 million euros.
Before leaving for fish, 29, was rescued in 2006 to 12 Son.
The Paris tower Field in eight dead
, The death toll rose to eight Monday in Paris, the town of Field tower explosion.
TC nods - shock - the langue put the city on Sunday, following the crash, injuring 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers search for life in the rubble of the house still on Monday, but the hope of finding survivors from the people.
The explosion, initially blamed on suspected gas drain.
An explosion occurred early Sunday and was so strong that it struck buildings over 100 metre radius.
We need the whole house was moving: staunch we fear.
The explosion was so powerful that we replace the bell ," described the crash site, more than those living in the neighbouring seat of von.
The school was unable Sunday for emergency accommodation for the residents.
Just part of life - stars in the presentation of the 5pm
At present, only the lives of stars.
The programme, met earlier in the day for the first time in a series of descriptions.
Part of the star is in the early evening, the media needs to River, ex Holding - name, position in the fairs.
Life at the media for presenting their software screens dozens of power
Only in the autumn of life - the latest in a series involving Lopes - mate, created a disruption, sam Iulian predecessor Hoffmann, Puebla nana Peninsula, even took the secret of Puebla, in my previous life as a tit, and Texas was his whistle-blowing moveable.
Some of the evening ceremony, and the one I live on the ground.
The opportunity to start the round, Mr. eba, goes through life media channels autumn presentation software.
What percentage of these after a camera crew will seek only life - and star interviews.
The article has been updated: all life - there is not present in the ceremony.
Just had the opportunity to start may be slightly delayed.
Broadcasting is not all mobile devices.
He and the players are getting on my Dr Happiness and shopping bag
Football - league survived, he is taking on a new player Dr my Happiness and buy a bag.
The following, 'your' f c: according to him, the loan agreement has been presented as a multimillionaire.
Already Brezhnev's Moscow has a 23-year-old middle ground player, which is made of the 'you' in 55 games, March 28.
Dr my Happiness and Cordoba of the national team until the multimillionaire has played 35 matches.
Transfer news first indicative level of Aircraft Field around Errors - football, according to the site in Moscow has been one of the pro league star players two last season.
Mr. Lazio your objection - that prevented a Finnish travel to Moscow on Tuesday.
Rather, he has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgarian prison staff should be a national protest
Hundreds of prison workers around the Bulgarian as demonstrated in the capital, the Ministry of Justice ofia.
The peaceful demonstration, they declared that they want back to the old work rules were changed recently.
Also salary increases is to discuss the interim justice minister he goes around the day.
Prison officials are already months protesting a symbolic new working against deadlines, saying that they want to go back to the old 24-hour rota system.
Prison workers organisations and representatives of the Ministry of Justice, despite meeting with no agreement, the Bulgarian National Radio (b,) says.
Negotiations are ongoing, and the implementation of the director-general for the rosé, beat Alexandre Zhivkov told (b) of the EU.
Prison workers held a protest expected to join the Ministry of the Interior to workers' trade union members.
Basketball: fans in cheers almost too much: the living room was at the airport
Basketball people in the room was the embodiment of the Finnish victory.
He was able to forget the match sysi black - and came back a second time, the Ukrainian side to stand by to help with the solution.
But the House passed all the credit wolf fans - and did it in style:
This first, cycling to work in the field for the end of it, encouragement was so fantastic.
But in the eyes of the clouds, could not say anything.
It is blue and white audience sea was almost too much.
The chamber moments at the nine into a fast pace, ball and exploitation, and record our every place into what happened.
I don't know how it happened, but I had a f Hounslow - state that all failed.
They will sometimes, but about something quite alarming for a place that I live in glowing terms.
It is my role.
Do all that.
Now it was good to see that others got the plot.
It took the whole gang.
The room is the team's happy pills and the spirit of God, so it is no wonder that his example raised the team flight, which was large and brutal the Ukrainian whether five too many.
Under the agreement during the 32 years since the last of me to judge the game
Suddenly, a bag of driving them is not (Commercial) was the Finnish head coach of Argentine Championship in 1982.
After 32 years in the Finnish men's national volleyball team played last time in the final of Euro 2000.
Flinging cricket was the only Finn a 1982 Euro 2000 in Argentina, where the legendary No standard colours, whether it was the second Finnish coach and current player agents my idle Park Zone overall player.
Whether Edmondson and Park Zone remembers tournaments for one thing than on yesterday's: it was early in the match against the French was hot.
"A ball of the match referee in the game was so blatant," recalled whether Edmondson.
We have already overcome, and both teams had already settled back line.
Suddenly the game was suspended.
We lost 2 to 3, and thereafter pas under-appreciated by more," said Park Zone.
Rescued by the coach, they suddenly by the command, based in California and was eventually, 17.
Now the world is back among the elite, while the Polish tournament take off on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in international volleyball in 32 years.
Players force levels are roughly the same level as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
Also among the new players should have increased.
The game is faster," considering the Park Zone.
But what happens in Polish?
The Finnish player material has expanded, and the burden will be able to share.
I expect that by law can start from the blocks.
Then can be tough," an assessment of the level.
Flinging cricket
Ayatollahs in his basket, whether Hockey von and recurvata, adultery was a blow in the victorious match against.
The current players' agents my idle Park Zone was as a player in the Championship.
In the hope that the petra 17.
South Korea and the should go down," said Park Zone.
Rock legend in the colours of the national team level, whether it was the second coach in Argentina.
Also, ma i recurvata adultery with her and rows of the strong winds took the match.
The sauna and worship from California purchased ' sailor first church belonged to the national team programme - the first championships in 1982.
Rows of limestone (Commercial) stretched his team with his comrades.
Young star singing competition and competitive Final - no profit from cattle to la
Young stars Song Contest Final reached took Park and remove vee, woodpecker did not progress to victory in competition.
Other investments not published in the competition.
Singing teacher you and most of the competition has been popular.
It will be good experience.
The final recording of the song competition.
The current competition is always wonderful memories of many says.
The Finnish tourists were rescued by the c - dog from Mount slave: "These men deserve all praise."
When the Norwegian Sea, which the pensioner and his dog were stranded Thursday in the mountains, and decided that they would provide money to help her.
At the weekend which pensioners looking for its "international heroes" in the face, so thanks for helping out yet again.
If the pensioner told the public surface Book daily that with him Thursday in the mountains have been c - the same dog but its nobilis.
Injured dog was no longer able to walk in steep terrain.
I tried to stand on its own, but failed, so I had to allow it to be.
I tried many times to attract and pull it forward, but the legs just do not have retired, write every day.
Which members help pensioners, according to the police, not from a nearby hotel, not from passers-by.
In the dark when the situation was already appears to be a threat.
Fortunately here in two species and were ready to help: the idea is similar to my pere was raised and his father added.
The Heads of State or Government had visited Norway the highest mountain of galvanised him into Snow Wolf through the lines and have their place in the camp when they saw the woman and her dog in the middle of the mountain.
(If the pensioners) were compared with the situation as relatively calm.
We offered to help her with the dog, I decided I would tell - say, by sending a message.
Soon there will also be a German man, who had the epic sherpas.
Sherpas from depositing the caption was unrepentant, such as doctors, the injured dog was captured.
German man we came moments after us when we were thinking about what to do with the dog and the dog have a moment in their arms down wrong, my phone says.
Picture: my telephone:
The dog was about a trip down a mattress.
According to the performance was not physically heavy, but in difficult terrain of went slowly.
Half hours c are, however, was happily down.
After the events, which look for pensioners, even in the face of the "international heroes," in order to thank them once again.
I would have responded to him Sunday, but a German man has apparently still not reach.
I know what I would have done without those heroes, its offspring is ecstatic.
If they had helped me, we would not necessarily be returned back.
I find these people, because I feel that I have to thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all praise and glory, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, the rings that were already on their way home.
They had received any pensioners who are part of the preparations are reportedly may have been even more!
Sus give cans out near Michigan City, or a pension in excess, conductor
This is a three-year period starting in the autumn of 2006 and the spring of 2013.
The draft also includes an option for two more.
Then suddenly I started his career in a cell.
He is an internationally known conductor and pro Sharaf VALUELAND Medal in 2011.
At present the city as the conductor of the orchestra over the works of Swedish joh storg rds.
Beautiful and brave, beautiful and brave Series will return to square one after the summer recess.
The opening period that name raises questions.
Finnish all-time most popular soap opera, a beautiful and courageous return to the summer break.
The return period is called the reference to "or the happiness of another company."
Fat from the description in the programming period is reported as follows:
One tonic and belladonna, talk of human relations, family room and eating finger food, drinking white wine and remembering the love their history.
One tonic is faithful to red shirt style.
Lunch for the colour of the shirt, he has chosen the White, which if Cutler.
Ridge offers cover for assistance in dealing with Connecticut and bill relationship traumas.
Ridge, he has not yet got over their problems.
Bill is in the Connecticut River in its own contradictions.
Connecticut is not that man in there, trying to recover.
"I want the ridge, watching you, bill."
The genetic variations are diagnosed often wrong
A British woman feared death, after years of wrong diagnosis.
Karin rod fingers I thought most of their childhood, that he had only a few years left, because he had undiagnosed illness is another.
Actually he suffered at the hands of the char cot - marie - sickened Rosyth disease (cm). It means the number of hereditary diseases that damage the brain and the spinal cord and nerve, outside.
Char craft cm rickshaw - good charitable organizations under the wrong diagnosis is a general problem cm - cases, because they know so little.
According to estimates, around 230,000 people - in big britann suffers cm - a disease that causes symptoms of motor, for example, muscle weakness, difficulty walking and on top of the cat.
The disease can also cause of feeling or pain, and it is incurable and progressive, meaning that symptoms become worse over time.
Rod fingers was 13 years old, she thought she would suffer from fried Austria ataxia (fans), which has a poor survival rate.
Rod fingers believed are confined to a wheelchair until she is 18 and die before they reach 30 years of age.
Now 51 years old mother of two, says that " as a child, I knew that I could do the same things as everyone else.
Over every day and I took everything far longer than the other.
Unable to ever roll ramps or platforms to roll to the other children, and I was bullied at school because I walked and ran in a different way than others.
Rod fingers was 13 years old, he was often turn to the west, cuts the feet from direct cuts to contact a doctor after leaving office, he was quickly research papers, which say he suffered from fans.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I told anyone, but they returned home inspected disease information relating to the library and wrote to fans Association," he says.
When I received the information from them, I was shocked and in panic mode.
I thought they are confined to a wheelchair for 18 years now and I die before I would use the 25, and more would lose his entire performance.
I went through that myself and my own funeral.
Rod fingers says that 17 years of age, to date, he said, that his walk was worse than he had thought and asked the doctor about.
Doctors just hugged me and said: "The golden girls, do not believe that you have a disease, because otherwise it would already be in a wheelchair."
I think that is suffering from something considerably less dangerous disease.
Some on the basis of genetic tests, he was diagnosed with the disease - cm.
"When it was explained to me what cm - the disease is, I thought I was smart," he says.
Char craft cm rickshaw - organise cm - months to draw attention to the disease.
About 100 migrants were found carbon vehicle in Macedonia
Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants, transporting coal from trains, the Ministry of the Interior said Monday.
The stowaways were mostly Syrians and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from the Greek.
The migrants were found late Sunday, walking on average in Macedonian.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they are, where they came from and where they are headed," said interior ministry spokesman ivo you ordered.
Police said the migrants had paid about EUR 3,000 each to Greek, and 800 - 900 euro added to the Serbs.
Illegal immigrants runs high in a couple of million people pass through Macedonia on his way to the west European.
Accused of a bloody civil war has displaced three million people.
The Euroguard: Mr. and Mrs T. filter and cabin wa was supporting Scots independence
Pop bands that Mr. and Mrs T. filter and cabin wa i have joined the Scots independence supporters.
According to the newspaper the Euroguard band that began a few weeks time pre-Edinburgh in the concert, which supports independence project.
Scots independence, the referendum on 18 September.
Newsletter: wa, said that the vote is an opportunity for you Scots, who happens to be right only once in their life.
Earlier, among other things, to the Department of your support for independence.
Instead, for example, British stars, even this understanding Abdul cca Cheney and da Vida... Rainbow fiber have appealed to the Scots to remain part of britann.
In the Gallup independence supporters have been at a loss.
Supermarkets difficulties continued Wednesday in the summer - domestic news - from this newspaper
Department store sales decline continued also in July, says every day for a team.
According to the supermarket and hypermarket chains turnover fell in July, 23% from a year ago.
Worst hit has been given a home and leisure products, whose turnover fell from years ago, more than seven percent.
Also the dress products are sold on the clearly less than last summer.
Everyday goods retail sales value instead grew in July a year ago, to nearly 3%.
Most sales grew small stores and large supermarkets.
Throughout the early years, in January, during the month of July supermarket and hypermarket chains, turnover has shrunk by more than 2%.
Everyday goods instead, sales have grown by almost 1%.
The family hopes the river itself, 'the best'
Already, as the river has been unconscious since he was brought in new york in the centre of the hospital, but her daughter was hopeful that the 81 year-old comedy will improve their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and your support in the river," wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was brought on as the flag was taken to hospital Thursday of a heart attack due to the explosion, according to sources at the site, located on the upper east bond york who dos with Clinic announced emergency hospital.
Doctors consider him to be deliberately been pacified, drugs and watching his condition closely until he is currently in a serious condition is stable.
Case has caused widespread reaction in the audience and, for example, the '99 ald trum decision, California life, from the william and dash are offered the support network.
Ilinka Mitreva, the seeds of straw: a bullet is a third reactor is due in 2016, in the middle
The industrial strength Ilinka Mitreva has submitted for the butter: straw for loan 3: updated timetable.
Are very recent release that project delays have been due largely to the reactor automation systems applied for approval.
The project is already years late.
The vote is in May has made any assessment on the reactor for the third time.
As the state language was gifted to the 1, 400 hectares of beach - worth around EUR 60,000
However, the government made a gift of Formula 1 driver valt jack to placebo for 1.4 hectares of beach on the shores of the lake.
The Government has demonstrated a fair sport and had reached its decision unanimously.
As the meeting was not in the building when the decision was taken, says the head may cause Iulian rakki.
French decision to gift is building a farm buildings - a total of seven paragraphs.
Race to break even this year, with one exception.
Battle rytas has promised to build a building for two years for free housing.
We have taken and that he had enjoyed was born, and wants to be there.
Valt Valley is annually - to tell us in sport - his career and his life.
And hopefully will continue to do so, the director says.
The conductor is the beach of a monetary value of 4,000 to EUR 60,000.
Beach is shallow and child-friendly.
The area has been owned by the UK over ten years.
The state has over the decades, with varying degrees of success in sport has been successful, through the gift of land.
The spearhead of the world champion Island schools and aerobics, world champion wind the same battle were detached from the land and buildings by the detached houses hulppe.
They are not, however, remained stoic as euro-Eldorado but not real estate and moved.
The same schools and the Nature came as the state for work and then changed the life of the changed situation elsewhere.
Battle rytas descent as a state secret and his situation is different, the reason rakki inches and believes the French decision to stay in the home.
Phew, shame about the attack, and followed up by a record amount
Premier League club have followed the script, invested a record amount, the head of the Uruguayan national team, and attracted by acquisition.
I woke up and exchange between Mrs hul Italian cold followed by Greece, 9.5 million pounds, or approximately 12 million euros.
Has a three-year contract.
Wake up, and Martinez hit last season with 14 goals, when Greece won its goals, and (b) of the rise of the Italian league.
The Uruguayan national team, he has seven goals in 14 games.
Last summer, the first rise in the Euro 2000 final and California came within two games of the airport.
The Belgian is fantastic and shows how far we have come in a short time, he said, the coach is walking into a brand.
On Monday, told us that he has acquired, the Senegalese team captain Marian M. move by Chad, Ontario.
The Russian Space Agency experiment was a failure - a journey the Rouge carting died
Russian space increasing to send five tiny gecko are among the dead, the Russian Federal Space Agency's TC Pecos Kos newsletter.
The gangs were carting photovoltaic - 4 - satellites, more than a year and a half months.
The satellite returned to the country on Monday morning, the Finnish time.
The test was designed to examine the gecko of reproductive ability and use in that state.
The test was one of four uros gecko and naaras.
Although the experiment sounds bizarre, it was serious.
The effects of stress, for example, the gecko of egg development known to only a little.
Gecko impact on way to try to predict the effects of stress, people would have to stay in longer periods in space, with a new event in July.
TC Pecos cabin, according to the death of the gecko and a cause of death or the investigation.
News of the inter faxes, according to "sex" or " with some passengers.
Surprise, it is also the same photovoltaic - 4: "Have travelled fruit flies survived that trip or won, and also of offspring.
French arrest terrorist suspect my Corazza airport.
French arrest of the suspected terrorist Corazza my man at the airport on Saturday.
22 year-old man suspected of having acted in Ohio accused the jihadist group is recruiting coordinator.
French authorities reported on Sunday.
Authorities said the man who, after this was attracted the money at the age of 16 girls leave for Ohio.
She was scheduled to fly to the Turkish and therefore exceeds the limits of reason.
The airline did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit Istanbul resident, the grandmother, but he called the authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was completely unaware of the intentions and daughter told authorities that the family have their fur.
The man is to hail according to the authorities about Chechnya, but he now lives in French.
French intelligence authorities had followed the man's action earlier.
French authorities have been concerned that I, or the cause of wars, has radicalised young people represent a security risk and also French.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or French books in the latest conflict has reason to Ohio, returned to or currently preparing the reason Ohio.
Booth is: we have a good chance of winning
Basketball team hopes further seats are at stake when the points in the second match of the championship in Ukrainian.
If the opening loss to the United States had been expected, belongs to the Ukrainians to the countries from which the Finnish should continue to place the necessary profits.
Ukraine is a gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of winning failed battery box is foreseen.
The Ukrainian championship Saturday in the first match of his Dominican Republic 72 62.
A team of coaches - are veterans of the pension by Idaho, whose command Ukrainians play aggressive basketball.
The Ukrainian leader of key players is a game of "genetic" Movie " a lunatic, whose sister, carry some of the absurdities of the crumbs of 100 metres world champion three years ago.
The Dominican Republic, some lunatic threw 16 points.
He was one of the absurdities of Movie rapid, but yes we are being played against such a past, and we should get our standard defence, gun-toting has said.
As well, and also promised that by playing better than yesterday's losses in the United States.
We need to find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that those who are seen as normal by wolves, the sources said.
Holistic intelligent cinema - star alleged coua, are being spread in some specialities guaranteed
The Internet is spreading mass naked pictures, which are well known and public figures.
Among other things, an actor, so by law 'has been described as a' no ' campaign.
The entertainment website that has published the law by falsifying the representatives of the angry comments, which would appear to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a blatant breach of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes the (Internet), so by law, counterfeit and stolen pictures, going to prosecute, representatives.
This, according to the actress to mar y - Province of Dad's instead has confirmed that he spread the pictures are genuine.
He had taken the pictures years ago with her husband.
I know that the images were destroyed long ago, I can only imagine the difficulty with the grim purpose.
I feel compassion for all who fell victim of hacking, he writes, according to the website.
Instead, the actress victoria and golden justice says your name over the pictures of your daughter.
Genuine or fake naked pictures circulating to at least cover up tons of cherries, of course, on a grande aria, the silver lining, the presence of trying to isolate, your butter he Baranovsky and catch-up Station with people from the sea.
The goalie - criticism of their own: "Do not do enough of that come out of here!"
(F), (c) to cover the football club is currently in the pool at the bottom of the league.
Goalie wal steel sector five comments on Sunday, a match after following are illustrative of the confusion of the current situation.
I do not have four months had a goalie coach.
But all must adapt," said under the five planets - a defeat which ended the fight after that.
The coverage of workers in the match, especially in the first half due to a lot of defensive mistakes.
Goalie five sector has not been a bad defensive play of the minds.
The player is in Samdhong has this summer as a lively, and therefore also the supporters of the five eyes have changed in quick succession.
Roulette players, too many young players would have received the chances that they might even deserve it.
"Part of not doing enough to ensure that that are sometimes out of here!," the industry is, without naming any individual players.
Samdhong to coach against Kovtun f one Emperor, was somewhat agree with five.
"I said after the game, certain players that if you are coming from, and games should be fun and I think by Lottery players' league, and you do not have work to do, so you're probably wrong," one team, the Emperor said.
I have given many young game time.
If they do not want to take it and use the option, so it is not my fault.
Each of the Emperor recalled, however, that the players who can expect immediate success, when the game mate are continually changing.
This period has not been two times in the same team.
Especially the defence a lot has changed.
It is the main reason why we have," the Emperor said.
The cover is a tease - following the defeat of the series, jum bonus points in the second last of the milk.
The Lottery Division has left after seven rounds, so perhaps Movie people there is still time to avoid falling into.
I have never had a team, and I am not going to drip now.
We are certainly going to fall on the series," goalie five Station area.
Dr von Uslar one in decades after a TV series
Film director Dr von Uslar one intends to return to the TV series.
The Danish director is preparing a TV series called The House That jack built-in.
Serial project told Dr, film producer, who acted as the Red vest against him on Monday at the Venice film festival.
The production company, to release that Cipolla of descriptions should begin in 2016.
Dr Kercher is reported in the attention of the script to work from this autumn onwards.
Series is English.
The mysterious project newsletter says Dr by long-time collaborator, on sale from renowned producer of steel in shame of it.
He said a similar series of ' never seen and will ever see."
"Hold your breath," by members of the press release says.
Dr von Uslar, 58, is known in recent years, the hype and the media appearances and their films as anti-Catholic and christ etc, c mania.
Television, he in the 1990s of The Empire.
0 1 0 9 20 1 4 15:20 chains dl if the winner of the Finnish side, at least if the performance figures are to be believed.
Trade between the activities of the Finnish group's Mádl, roll on the dl under limited partnerships that group turnover continued to grow at the end of February, where, in this financial year.
The company also increased its outcome.
The result before taxes reached 79 million euros a year earlier, when it was 56, 4 million euros.
The turnover was inflated to 960 million euros, 1.2 billion euros.
Growth was 25%.
The company has also improved the business income of 61 million euros from 84 million euros.
Operating profit was 7%.
German Mádl account for the period from March to the end of February.
The company says it paid out in February at the end of the term " tax/1. 3, 7 million euros.
Constantly shop chain has expanded the company has told investors its Finnish forward this year to 100 million euros.
Finnish has now 142 between dl - shops and employs more than 4, 000 workers.
The first shop was opened in 2002.
Los Angeles b Rhode Island - the challenge of participating in the Joint ankylosis
British author in Toyama, for Mr. roars so hard when she was brought down again with cold water, his damaged their facial bone structure.
This Los Angeles band Rhode Island - challenge ended painfully bad.
A woman has been taken care of his roars after Los Angeles b Rhode Island - challenges in carrying out so hard that he thought his ankylosis went.
So far, Mr. Toyama No roars so hard when she was brought down again by the cold water that he damaged his facial structure.
"The water was so cold that the only roars, but the roars when I knew that my ankylosis began a rigid way," he tells the Mir ror or not.
The water will be poured at the age of 20.
So for the moment Mr. Toyama No before the accident
I tried to close my lips, but now my ankylosis was locked, and then I realised that something has gone wrong.
Then my mother and my sister did the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had to thank for emergency medical treatment.
Super popular challenge on Tuesday attended the 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital, where ankylosis was back in place.
The video has become an Internet sensation, and it has been shared thousands of times in the face and wit in the Valley.
Perspective of wolves Abdul von to (some): how the fan most of the growth can be explained?
I was quite powerful fiili.
Said the basketball staff at Pan peh maxima in 1995, when it was played for the majority of the Euro 2000 final against French prior to mar Enger first ball hall.
Not peh maxima exaggerated.
I remember when the game was there.
They were also around 100 Finnish who cried 2,000 spectators in otherwise empty hangar fuss.
What he should say peh maxima 19 years later - the Games - the Ukrainian matches then?
Ba 100 bil in Finnish troops fan is eight to 10 times.
The majority of the games in 1995 was Finnish basketball maestro seize time.
Men cleared the way for the Euro 2000 final by overcoming including Russian selection match in nearby Michigan sports house.
It opens the door to victory in cream.
All looked good.
It was a promising young people, as well as the staff.
The coach cut down in front of the raised Hartmann of the lime in the final tournament team.
The solution, which many had a different opinion.
Now you can say that for Hoffmann was the wise, though, not everything has gone according to script.
The advance after the national basketball team sukelsi deep.
Prior to the Games, there were reportedly a total of slightly more than 100.
That included journalists, players' relatives, Finnish basketball coach and a few fans.
Bil in Chiba, journalists, relatives and trainers, but there is also the fans.
And many of them.
The phenomenon has grown with it.
No one can say precisely how many Finnish tourists race.
Estimates have been between 500 - 1,000.
It was the figure is over there, it is quite unbelievable.
This is a sport of sociocultural explanations for loge.
In a global economy, companies are moving across borders.
Sport is still an opportunity to look at how we do it internationally.
As a result of mobility we can watch how girls and boys we are successful in the world, says sports sociology professor languishing after these maxima.
Certainly, as well as in Spanish that the volleyball during the Polish, the Finns, who are looking for life.
The common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
Sport should continue to be attractive.
These maxima elevates the sport part of popular culture.
A lower threshold for sports games than Berliners to see art.
Without success in masses still does not get moving.
Let us come back to 1995.
Then the coach, Hartmann challenged basketball players and a number of top-class sport professionally.
After almost ten years elapsed.
Then changed direction and the team was playing.
Volleyball and did the same movement a bit earlier.
Now both enjoy the fruits of its labour.
As these maxima says, both species have managed to produce top-level sport where the unholy triad: sports, media and sponsors.
When will interest the public.
And the media has taught, what sort of assault they support a foxtrot, maxima recalls.
Will the ball species to shift this massive interest will also be another series?
Crate and volleyball games in average or a little over hundred thousand spectators.
These maxima makes good, not necessarily the answer, which promises to be a very good species.
One school believes interest in the move.
The second is that which does not want the sweet sweet after all.
This lot is ready for an initial trip to the Cup, but their basic philosophy in its domestic suites are two potentially interested.
That is the result of people amid the euphoria.
French decision to building for verification - nearly 1.5 hectares of the lake shores
The state also rewards the Formula 1 driver valt jack Ilbo decision to beach house building.
The Government accepted 40 hectares of land donation unanimously decided at its meeting on Monday.
The building will rise in the future for free housing.
A stoic euro-Eldorado has followed the French decision to make a success of this accumulated days - until now.
He is the ambassador for the marketing of the Gulf and the Gulf region on a llama.
The gift house is located, whether in the fish, on the shores of the lake.
It has become the face of the land as part of a bigger property.
In seven of the demolition of the building, which the Municipality demolished at the expense of six out of the end of the year.
Formula 1: battle rytas reached the Belgian part of the competition in fourth place trophy wearing this year.
He is the first in the fifth.
Battle rytas is indigenous to the state and has been living in their childhood.
He lives now in English, but instead a euro-Eldorado whenever the free formation of extended.
Battle rytas has visited the top schools and the youth.
Intelligent designer clothes come from - but hardly poor
It is presented and tested them in new york in the ongoing. Also, the tennis competition.
Chile Christoph la uren intellectual shirts are testing ground ball, but also the university players, a top amateur mar Pincus g irony to that.
His shirt to help them monitor their own development and regulate the recovery.
The joy of the shirts have been woven silver sensors, which information is conveyed on the Indiana side of anchors and the smart phone or tablet computer.
Sensors measure the heart beating, breathing rhythm, stress and steps.
The central processing unit of anchors from the cabin, before throwing a shirt in the washing machine.
The fashion house has not told the exact time for shirt sales or even hinted that the price of the technology, said the news coverage.
Rap he uren la is not the only smart clothes contribution to the company.
California has brought Greece to a sale of smart shirt and wearing shorts.
They measure that vibrant, breathing and muscle work.
The clothes are paying 100 dollars a piece and they looked for a central unit to pay two hundred dollars.
Techno clothing wrote also of Galilee Orbi.
The smart way to save the textbooks
University books cost the treasury more than the number of students with 1, 000 dollars, so soon after years of study will be the same Mr. No go invent some clever way to save on costs.
He invented the system, which in later years courses students are borrowing books nominal compensation, instead they would books the same way.
"The mathematics that would normally have cost 180 billion dollars; I paid for the whole period the figure of 10 billion dollars, and I support the sandwich," says 19-year-old Mr. No, a forward who is studying c door to colleges in the Georgian state.
Bösch No one move, saying that his last chapter of his book would normally have to pay 30 dollars.
Instead, he used those 120 dollars.
The university board, according to the average student spends more than 1, 200 dollars a year in school textbooks and materiel, but students at a range of ways to cut costs.
Students are increasingly using online shops and Hänsch No progress such as the idea of creative approaches.
Increasing numbers of students renting textbooks so that they can use to record the entire chapter period and paying much less than the book, buy the students.
More than 250 campuses in trade should be reduced to a placebo, according to rent textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Industry statistics show that about a quarter of university bookseller books over the past spring was hired, the books will be placebo, chairman of the company, The Cathedral Centre says.
Associ nationalists of the College of Education, a trade organization that less than half of all books are purchased campus book stores.
In the most simple ways to save money is being spent.
Online shops
A new book online shops can only receive one third of the price, what would it cost the campus bookshop.
Valley mylar Log, branding the move first author Bruce Hildesheim and host Canterbury that Kessler "Mr culu" Minutes of the 9th edition of Recommendation price is almost 290 dollars, but the specialist book online shop Sánchez Wolf " must book prices, 1997 dollars.
Buy used
The books are a good option, if the reader not to disturb other notes and after their appearance.
For example, "Mr culu" book have been piercing Wolf " - online shop, 93 49 dollars.
Britons g Ontario Soo-young univers sealed last year by students to gun the same day, 25 years, says it had bought a book entitled "strategic media decision: understanding the business end of the adver to raising business" was spent on amazon.de online shop at only 42 dollars.
The new book would have cost 48 billion dollars.
Emenike in the university and I am up for 'colleges' without at School," director of Wales Bruce and other academics are recommending that students ask professors who, whether in previous editions of the course.
Sometimes the new edition of reform is not relevant to the teaching.
In this case the old edition can be found only a fraction of the price, which would be paid.
Mr. Wolf and amazon.de - bookshops apart from just across the bay, c, f, Amazon.com is a popular second-hand book shop.
The rental
Textbooks leasing is a worthwhile, if not of great concern to us, to remember that they need them to change it.
Leasing, you can save more than 80% of the new book price.
For example, "Mr culu" book rental figure throughout the period, will cost around 20 dollars.
Access to rental company rules, such as notes, highlights, orders, and over the subsequent payments.
And rent, so beware: if you forget to restore, delays in payment cannot be greater than the purchase price for the book.
The Books
The acquisition of ordinary paper instead can also become the question.
Sometimes rented books when they are paid - of the right holder, for example, amazon.de, Sánchez Wolf - or ' vote no & c - Desktop in book shops.
Mr. Wolf - trade, "Mr culu" book - in the six months to around 61 dollars.
Wales Resort start that many literature students from the most, because several of the traditional strawberries can now download for free, while science and technology books can be very expensive.
Various sellers of worth, and then select the option.
(G), in order for the department, which is to begin soon, shame the right types of Dugard in scientific, recommends a good book, then the number of price in order to ensure that the search of the right book.
Before the state network, make sure that the book is certainly in warehouses, g the department says.
He learned this the hard way.
His book was buying supplies in four weeks, and he was eventually forced to book the full cost of the university bookshop.
The idea is a Legion pere theatre in 20 years
In 1994, established theatre against unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome all who wish to make art.
The phrase painotteista hobby activities 17 - 35 age of long term unemployed.
Featured frequently on society.
In recent years there has been the subject of depression is depression Geronimo de circuit, I I I! - humorous stories and classic narcissism agreed.
Believes that every person can change the life of its own.
Fires killed nearly double the amount of people compared with last year
In the fires this year have killed almost double the amount of people compared with last year.
Finnish rescue sector Central Organisation (the media monitoring spem) says so far the fires have already been killed 55 people in 49 different fires.
Last year a fire deaths was 31.
Most of the dead, 36, has been men.
More than 65 years of age was 11.
The fire deaths, according to the statistics, the situation was worse than the last time in 2009, when the end of August, the fire had killed 64 people.
The majority of fire deaths occur in dwellings.
Apartment blocks have been 17 fire deaths, 21 homes and row houses and other small houses seven.
Spem, recalls the time a home fire safety.
At least all home fires warning printer works should be included to ensure spem.
Everyone should check that the initial firefighting tools can easily use.
All the white farms must also be unimpeded exit route.
Children should also tell us what equipment they had used when he was alone at home.
A Texas summit: the first protest at the new gate and différence in
As the summit opponents protested the new Iowa last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered at the gate as the new city centre march against Texas.
On Sunday, some 150 people gathered in the NHP différence Town Hall for the only summit.
Step-by-step reduction cipher c created Viscount Gough following events at the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, which had arrived even Quebec odorata.
Young people were rescued by air to Australian blue eyes from the mountains
Two teenagers to the backpack was brought to safety after a night stranded in Australia New South Wales, located in the Blue Mountains.
A 16 year-old girl and an 18-year-old man left to wander through the average day since Sunday that Poistogova le black death for them.
They were worried about young people, who had not returned home and telephoned the police to eight.
Local police and the providers of the search party was sent to look for young people, and the duo was found at about 23 near the British Dal veil - ripped off.
She had offended their generation, and the man had fallen and hit their heads.
Police spent the night with the couple, and they were brought to safety Monday morning.
The mountain was taken by ambulance to the blue flag of the hospital and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian soldiers did indeed read the airport
Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from all I read, from the airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers to retreat from the orders.
According to the Ukrainian Airborne troops have fiercely clashed Russians with tanks on the ground.
According to the representative of the army on the opposite side of the gun was so precise that, as the shooting is likely to be Russian professional soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
The dyes in the sea off the coast of south-eastern Ukrainian artillery hits yesterday received a Ukrainian patrol vessel sank in the morning, says a border guard.
Eight naval soldiers has been rescued and two missing.
Border guards had no certainty about what initial shot.
The separatists said yesterday that he had shot at the social media platform.
Russian Foreign Minister, Gasser Ch?gei lav Mírov says there will be no Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Lav rov insisted, however, that the Ukrainian forces must immediately withdraw to the positions which, they will not be able to fire on civilians.
Foreign Minister says no negotiations with the Russian, Ukrainian, and that lawmakers would achieve an immediate ceasefire without any preconditions.
Lav rov also recalled that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First, we will protect our interests, our economy, social sectors and our businesses.
At the same time, we will also withdraw the conclusions about the actions of our partners, lav rov threatened.
Heavy rains prompted by Malian and Copenhagen deluge
The streets are flooded on Sunday, a Malian in Copenhagen, when the torrential rains that ravaged their lives - the Swedish and Danish.
Flood waters cut off several roads, with traffic and then buried cars.
On Sunday, authorities estimate that the relentless flood of, perhaps, although rain was forecast on Monday, will cease.
Heavy rain came to the Swedish authorities, not the rain provided advance notice of a warning.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute, it hurts the black la estimates that the region has been the rain front was very local.
The rain area is narrow and stagnant.
No wonder, then, if it has been difficult to predict.
French Socialists should ' be silent and help the French," a holistic, Franco Smith supporter says
Vall also urged the deeply divided Left 'emotional' difficult, the Socialist president, whose new government has not been the French majority approval.
The president deserves all the respect he deserves our loyalty, our support.
"We need to do is to stay with her," said vall and earned applause.
The gesture, Prime Minister of the government calling for peace in the French version of the controversial 35-hour working week, despite a new economy minister is a 1800 Valley earlier this week, giving rise to debate a proposal that the rules should be relaxed.
Saturday, 9th Marquess of California asked the socialists to act in concert with the government.
The Justice Department, but christ they ub Moraira, however splits caused by different opinions from Socialist deputies meeting and criticized by the Socialist Party that it will allow the French to abandon hope for the future ."
The extreme right National Front leader Electronics le mocked the Socialists continued to sow division and said he did not believe the new government's first vall lasting a few months longer.
Franco is not holistic land has perhaps gone the flag, but it also is a life which was vall duty to form a new government after the previous summer, not even the summer.
"The new government lasts until the autumn or winter," the journalists said.
He reiterated his party's proposal for dissolution of parliament and was confident his party's electoral victory in early elections and he would be ready to lead the party.
French ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March municipal elections and the extreme right was in possession of a list of the Top of the May elections.
The Sunday newspaper, the journalists of the newspaper 'du' according to the poll, 76% of French people believe that the Socialist Party may split into several rival groups before a land forgotten by the end of 2017.
Holding University political scientist Robin Alcalá degree from Alaska, warned that the French are soon to lose patience, patience, unless the new Socialist government to improve the economy and record high unemployment.
"There is a small chance of success, but the public should see quickly that change is happening," he warned.
Otherwise the situation could deteriorate further.
Pack was Finnish stems from the morning of the silly kirsi - asellus, rah at Coke and the Pack to carry bombs Massoud was fatally programme recorded conversations.
By morning - Programme published last Thursday Toroitich Book page on a humorous video on Thursday of the recordings.
Video from a single lignorum kirsi critics - and I always hit the rah and carry her sons try recording morning Finnish advertising pounds, ' the next day the recordings, but does not go quite pipeline.
The combination - lignorum mixed with words when he tries to say a word to the budget, and his son Travesty also killing Massoud and rah blow of losing their Pack, time after time.
And the Stars should come from direct broadcast tomorrow morning, the Finnish Toroitich Book update says.
The video has become the face of the very popular and has been shelling and that shared surface in the more than 1,000 times.
Picture magazine photo agency worked already by her sons, 6 and 8, in 1896, was third in a series of killings in 1972.
The picture is the Israeli prime minister to move gold.
Near Michigan, across the street fred, builder of the house was a Socialist International meeting in May 1971.
There were many Heads of State and the security measures were enormous.
When the gold transfer to the toilet, seven bodyguards went along.
At the beginning of the meeting was, however, over five minutes for the picture.
I took this picture of four to five metres.
Lights in the background were in place.
As soon as I realized that to succeed this time.
Some of us seem to see that the Middle East have been difficult in the past.
In the competition at the well-known personalities or events in images.
It is wonderful that today can succeed in other images, once the idea and the visual.
This is the second best picture, which I have.
The best is reached, and a description of the Munich Olympics.
It has sent out the competition.
With: virgin - investigation has already cost more than five million euros
Near Michigan police drug unit in new legal investigation has cost more than five million euros and has called for 30 to 50 persons working years.
Evaluating the border trying to fuel violence in the village of University in information technology, and a good job.
It is limited to the legality of police control and the fight against crime, more could be improved significantly by combining law enforcement and judicial processing of information technology systems.
This limit of current technology will allow many forensic material.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which crimes to collect information is automatically the evidence chain of electronic material evidence and at the same time provides a comprehensive legal control.
A good check on Saturday.
In general: in 1999, the idea of vegetarian food, schools: "Vegetarian diet is fish and chicken '
As a long-distance shot kkala women in schools for special information caused a stir food on social media, says the website in general.
Vegetarian food Lovers!
A vegetarian diet are part of the school lunch of fish and chicken food.
Only when the list is meat, we cook vegetarian option!
So state schools to be forgotten, in 15 years in the old bulletin.
Picture could look.
Social media spread image has sent a shot to the municipality kkala outraged reactions.
Food and hygiene service chief, Earl and general disarmament, says that it is the forgotten tag is incorrect and should have been removed long ago.
Apparently before my arrival, I have ever had such an idea, which has been discussed at the time with health care.
Every pupil had their hopes of a meal, he says, in general.
Today, the stimulation of school pupils kkala offers a vegetarian option, only with the permission of the parents and a doctor or a health certificate, a vegetarian diet.
Only solution is for disarmament in general, young people may experiment with the vegetarian food, nutrition, and lack of meat or chicken can cause one of the parents.
The Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye is close to 3 billion dollars worth of prestige c rye - Agreement
(C) of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg rye tools necessary to make Ahold J.., the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy its rival until the international prestige c rye C Company of the three billion dollar information originating with the issue in close contact with those individuals.
Trade of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye the company, whose market value is, 6.8 billion dollars, would be able to use the prestige c rye - until the company's luxury cruise and wealthy clients to continue in the competition for major royal Óscar Caribbean C, perhaps to avoid the rye (cl.) and so on (the Oval Newstalk cc.) against.
Sources of the information on a possible agreement will be published this week, although it is also possible that negotiations do not produce results.
Prestige c rye, and the owner of the company, the private equity company apollo global management here. (c), also own 20% of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye - company.
Sources did not want their names made public because the negotiations are not public.
The Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye and prestige, rye, and company representatives did not respond to a request for comment and apollo representative declined to comment.
Some of the powers of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye - the company has 13 cruise ships whose route map covers North American, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, between American and the Caribbean.
Its turnover grew by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2.5 billion dollars.
Prestige c rye, which is also a number of vessels, the Bruce, and the County - a brand name, which includes a total of eight cruise ships, and a route map covers only by the Russians, on the Mediterranean, North American, African, and South American.
Its turnover in 2013 was 1.2 billion dollars, which is 6% more than the previous year.
29 billion dollars' worth of the cruise industry are expected to benefit in the coming years, emerging economies, such as Chinese and Indian middle classes.
Companies compete for access to these new clients the option of choosing a cruise.
Prestige c rye have registered with the United States stock market for the first issuance of shares as of January 2014.
Apollo has devoted most of the company's shares trade in 2007, which was worth 850 million dollars.
(C) of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg rye was set up in the current composition of its year 2000 its reunification, genetic engineering (see Starting b. ') - the cruise with the company. The latter is a Malaysian billionaires by the opening sentence in the entertainment and casino company.
Apollo, invested a billion dollars of the Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye - the company in 2008.
The Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye listing herself as a public company, in January 2013.
According to the published data of Lewinsky's accounts of the company was 28% apollo, 20% and private equity companies g capital a share of 8% from the end of June.
My NHP, NHP Oval royal Caribbean c rye and prevented the Anglo-Normans Rennweg c rye - their share of the North American cruise capacity is 82%, reflects the prestige c rye companies issuing shares in connection with the publication of the registration documents.
The idea is to come from the city government is dealing with today.
Animistic Loyola hopes City Government initiative to support robust.
The animistic deficit director, Systems from university into a thesis on preparing the same condemnation that risk before their time/fina Bellisario in and around the world is ending soon.
In recent years around the world have thankfully been the general view that the dolphins such as advanced mammal concentrations del fina Bellisario in animal protection and ethically sustainable.
This view would hope to also Systems pere.
Sanofi is the fruit of abolition is not just animal rights issue, but also for the hundreds of questions from the image of a tourist destination, tried to point out the danger.
Judge according to risk of dolphin death to strengthen requirements del fina Bellisario dismantling activities.
The first death is a sad continuation of indignation from Cape of Sanofi has a dark history.
It is time to put the point of death, to close the prison and the dolphins start to explain how come hundreds of dolphins could be limited to maritime territory, a type of dolphin safe home, condemned the incident.
It did not have the time to experience the whales return to the original habitat, but hopefully the rest of the catastrophe of living dolphins have time to feel there is more to life than the impetus of this concrete basin, condemned the incident.
Animal protection association animistic deficit target is that all species of wild animals in circuses to ban in the pipeline, an animal protection law reform overall.
This category also include del fina Bellisario.
Support for the leader of the animistic deficit of danger involved 10. 9 held a protest on behalf of the whales.
Japanese embassies close in Michigan and organising the demonstrations on the Japanese launched the dolphin hunting season.
Hunting seasons are imprisoned or brutally killed each year, approximately 300 dolphins, either before the fina Bellisario their use or consumption.
Puti is demanding a new state Karaiskakio to open negotiations with Ukraine -
Russian President Wladimir puti demanded Sunday that the Ukrainian government to stop fighting against separatists in the east of the country and begin immediate negotiations on the "area of the property assets," Russian news sources say.
His representative what their nest of Zhivkov clarified later that puti I did not mean that the separatists in control of the eastern Ukrainian region should be part of Russia, but that its status within the Ukrainian should give some thought to how, in order to give the Russian-speaking population in the area and the power to defend their own rights and interests.
The government just puti Karaiskakio call for negotiations, with the rebels, as equal negotiating partners to respond to his apparent strategy he has pursued since the violence began five years ago: he is seeking to help separatists to take over the region and to force the Ukrainian government in the newly proclaimed from the TC for Independence, through which it can turn to the west.
The state channel 1 TV channel in an interview with the Ukrainian army puti condemned efforts to take back control of the separatists in eastern Illinois River, and one in the region, which took control of the separatists in March and April in Moscow annexed the Ukrainian krimin Peninsula itself on 18 March.
Kremlinologists and separatists have recently dipped in the region, "the City" rather than "new Russian" - a term reminiscent of the Russian empire in the revolutions that preceded the glory days.
The Russian news agency, but - according to the Desert puti said that planned peace talks are "an illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians are campaigns 26 October parliamentary elections and the government forces attacked this separatist areas against civilians.
"We must immediately begin a wide-ranging negotiations, not only on the technical aspects, but also civil society organisations and the south-eastern Ukrainian state status takes into account the interests of the people who live there," he says.
So according to wash puti reference to 'trump' property with greater autonomy, which has been debated for months Karaiskakio van with the leadership in its efforts to dispel the Russian-speaking regions fears that their cultural and linguistic rights were threatened.
Only the Ukrainian government can provide the regions with the tools they need to wash, Ushakov said.
This issue will not be able to hold discussions with the Ukrainian and Russian, wash Ushakov says, "because this is not a Russian and Ukrainian conflict, but an internal Ukrainian conflict."
Kremlinologists Representative comment, which was intended to remedy the puti comments "erroneous interpretation," stressed that the Russian government is dealing with the regions separatist rebellion krimin differently, at a time when it is in the region, whose 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult, and associate themselves don't even look for, or read any of these areas - in Ukrainian, because most of the residents in the area of 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian, and because the conflict before it, public opinion polls show the majority of the population supported the Ukrainians in.
Independence, Russian diplomats are discussed in international forums, would give local governments the Ukrainian law to suit their own trade agreements and foreign relations, which would allow for Kremlinologists used in Austrian territory, linking the cricket.
Black Sea peninsula was Russian five months ago, is located in the Russian fleet, as well as commercial shipping, port areas and historic coastal destinations.
The TC and the krimin area also has mines, factories and metal smelting of lightning, which produce the Russian army for this vitally important products.
Ukrainian president petro reindeer Jingshen whether proposed in his office on 7 June, Ukrainian legislation - the new after the elections - will consider amendments to the constitution, in order to increase the Ukrainian core areas of differing areas over their own finances and the status of the languages.
His independence on its vision of the show, however, differ sharply Kremlinologists and Moscow may be arming and stirring up separatist sentiment.
Puti is presented their demands as Karaiskakio Russian government negotiations with the rebels, as equal partners, after the rebels went further last week, Russian tanks and troops since the invasion of Ukraine - their previously peaceful region, the Baltic Sea coast.
Ukrainian security officials fear that the Russian sponsored separatists Durnovo azov, the city is beginning a larger enterprise, whose aim is to invade the whole of the strategically important coastal area by cricket.
It has led to massive civilian and military personnel to carry out long-term strengthening of Mari sinking city. A half million inhabitants, Mari spol.sr.o, which is known for steel in the port city, which is located in the azov and krimin peninsula leading to a narrow area of land.
Whether reindeer Jingshen spoke Saturday in Brussels, European Union leaders begging for additional measures to prevent the future violations in the Ukrainian Soviet Republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach the point of no return," whether reindeer Jingshen warned.
The Ukrainian territory is now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
"The summit took no direct action plans; leaders put forward a further sanctions, so that they can be introduced, if the Ukrainian crisis to flare up in unclear circumstances.
Ukrainian soldiers had withdrawn from positions in joy, vais two Russian armoured division and 1,000 soldiers entered the last week, don't look for a region struggling to confirm the separatists, General & false alarm, whether members of the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman, told reporters Saturday in Karaiskakio.
The days of delay, according to the first Russian pleasure from vais cat surrounded Ukrainian 63 soldiers were exchanged 10 Russian paratroopers jumping, who was imprisoned for Ukrainian territory a week ago.
How the Opening scorer Japanese creative chefs hond generated a seven game minutes.
In the second half-time came at first melted Hurley mun Paatari and somewhat later, by the way, from the penalty shootout.
La course was narrowed by the goalposts after the game, a tough moment, but the goalie stopped Mr. di ego was rejected, Texas Cardenio Barca's Foudre just a coup.
Mr. stopped moving milah so for real Madrid.
Its almost as old as the icon of Salas de Kirby aghin training in the use of their scattered stadium was only half.
The match with a reported 39,000 spectators.
The Australian suddenly jul and River Journey (c) whether the naked photo scandal in cycling
The geopolitics of Geoffrey de predecessor, said he was shocked, hackers may have stolen his engagement has been their A lists hollywoodi compared to River Journey Barack is the naked pictures.
The entertainment world has one, he said, after a series of law by falsifying of naked photos were published on the Internet, a broad outline of jul suddenly as a result of the hacking scandal.
The hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 naked picture of hunger game - star of ' law and other super stars, such as the model of missing girl from Berkshire and Óscar de spread, singer of filariasis, a grande aria and leave by the piercing and actor of the cherries on it.
Also the Australian actresses catch-up with various tree frog, smart branding, Brown, your butter Station, and called the bourne in Portland has apparently stolen pictures is sic loud - in connection with the leak.
The list is 101 jul suddenly name.
(C) whether the last month, a predecessor of said 'faith' substantial, ' this is a sickening ."
Any personal contacts and pictures should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and released.
New york in the Portland is reported to have commented on the case in 'shameful' and said that the victims "feel they feel ashamed."
Hackers are believed to be an image of 30 people from the sea by a previous boyfriend to Shepherd, with speed, including the introduction of two people from the sea in the upper part of the edge.
Tree frog in the film by merit," the film 'chunk' or ' the only actress to an interim closer with Wadsworth.
A tree frog, Wangchuck Series Star Station he and Baranovsky Corporation Punch - actors b Alaska Awakening are not commentators are hacked pictures yesterday.
Counterfeiting law, said that by this newspaper, that "it is a brazen violation of privacy."
The actor, he was angry, rog hacker by Alawi as: "A mobile phone stolen from the publication of the images is no different from any stolen product sales."
The publication of stolen images should not be possible, if only from a legal point of view.
The game almost as at home and became a tabloid decadent victory of the Cuban national volleyball of the Games.
See pictures from the euphoria of the fans.
Polish roof Monday wice was white: no Polish red and white but the Finnish blue white.
The Finnish victory followed the pod - whether on the stage of almost 2,000 Finnish supporters.
Felt as if I had played at home.
Such a large impact on the fans who had managed the game, the Finnish captain on the bridge, said:.
The match was lost at number 2, but rose by winning 3-2.
The fourth one in miracle workers rises by six points.
Cuban led to 16 to 10, but after that, the Finns got charm: the decision.
A couple of hundred Finnish fans, was disappointed, however, when the field, charter plane failed to land in heavy fog wice disappeared.
So theft sova reached fans late in the match.
Finns ball fans have captured the European hard pace in recent days.
Spanish bil ba in basketball at the Games - the fans there is more than 8,000.
Just as every Finnish basket would have been a victory for the basket of the game: the star player's step-by-step reduction group, praised Finnish decorate fans on Saturday after the match.
The council meeting will not be sent directly to technical problems
The Sorceress Corvo Raglan council meeting will not be able to see him through the broadcast live.
The city issued a statement that the delegation would not be possible because of technical problems.
Corvo Raglan Capital Region regrets the situation.
The media can watch a couple of days of the meeting.
The Sorceress Corvo Raglan council meetings have been able to look through the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time the decision could lead to direct 13, 2014.
The council meeting of the video of the address of the COP on the Sorceress Corvo. / the Philippines dex/adult only for prevention/pathos decisionmaking council/web based ml and the Sorceress Corvo Raglan Capital - you tube channel.
