Juan river city to city Kuopion relates to the start of 2017.
Connection kuopion City Council adopted unanimously on Monday.
Juan River City Council approved the connection of last week.
Consolidation of municipalities in the investigation was also involved in the tuusniemi municipality, but its board of governors decided that Tuusniemi to continue as an independent.
Kuopio and Juankoski decide following the implementation of the local government elections separately.
Municipal elections will be held next time in 2016.
Juan river after accession Kuopion has a population of approximately 111 000.
The Indian and Japanese prime ministers are meeting in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo, to discuss the economic and safety ratio, the first major foreign visit since the election of May.
Modi a five-day visit to Japan is intended to strengthen relations with the world's third largest economy.
At the top of the discussion topics are plans for the extended nuclear cooperation.
India also has been said to be interested in defense cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukrainian troops to shoot civilians
The Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the Kiev leadership of the fact that these are refusing to direct political talks list with the separatists.
This one moment the Kiev leadership does not wish to carry out essential political debate on the eastern part of their country, with Mr Putin said, according to the Itar-Tass news agency.
He also said that Russian pro separatists, which Kiev and the West say the Russian Army, assisted by the Ukrainian troops tried to push further into their this Ontime its seats to which Putin has said that the Ukrainian army troops to shoot civilians.
Militia fighters objective is to push out of the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get the opportunity to shoot people in the region, Putin said.
The event, held on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It has surprised that a bunch of people came from the very early evening.
This was two days, as expected, the promoter Tom Kangas says.
Seinäjoki hip-hop Festival was held for the third time.
Again next year.
We are going to be still pop, hip-hop festival, there is not going to be, Kangas assure.
Finland will come into force on Tuesday, a law to limit the manufacture of explosives at the appropriate substances.
In the future of private individuals police board of directors must apply for permission to buy or to keep hold of substances or mixtures, which could be used in so short, the replacement of explosives.
Such substances are hydrogen peroxide, nitromethane, nitric acid, potassium chlorate, potassium perchlorate, sodium chlorate and sodium perchlorate, and they contain mixtures, if the concentration values are exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide is, for example, cleaning and detergents, but the concentrations are not in the usually exceed the limits.
For example, use nitromethane drag racing.
Before the law comes into force acquired source must not, however, and used to be held on 2 March until 2016.
George Webster is accused of Nairnin and Pitlochryn the hotel rape
Two of the accused of rape that occurred in the hotel to wait for the trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges against Glasgow higher instance of the Court of Session.
He is accused of rape, which took place in the province of Perthshire, Scotland's Pitlochryn hotel on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking a woman to attacking this "being unconscious in the space, during sleep, and being so unable to make the decision itself."
Webster also accused of another rape Nairnissa Highlands in a Golf View Hotel, on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae in accordance with the decision of the trial will take place on 17 November, a higher court in Edinburgh.
Premier League: Super Raheem was - Mario was left in the shade - Premier League - Ilta-Sanomat
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling again showed why he is English football hope for the future.
White Hart Lane on Sunday was the electric atmosphere, when Mario Balotelli strengthened Liverpool arrived in Tottenham alien to them.
Super Marion debut was a promising: Experienced english law, the journalists saw 24 years of age Italian has done work on the ground completely different attitude than Manchester City - the times.
Balotelli was still far from the top vireestään.
An Italian missed three high-quality paint the place and bait sixteen the pass only half of their own team.
When a player already favorite taken pool fans are waiting in the future will be the better.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers planted Balotelli journeyed to Luis Suarez to Barcelona in the role of aggressor, secondly, the team alongside Daniel Sturridge.
The team star bumble bees Balotelli, instead of a diamond midfield tip Raheem Sterling, who poked 3 0 Victory important the first goal of over Hugo Lloris.
Sterling, 19, not only the parasite power.
Balotelli 20 cents less English is opponent in between lines as a fish in water.
Property is not a global player, which flies by grass, at best, about 34 miles per hour.
Rodgers also of the development of the Sterling deserves great credit.
The Northern Ireland said after the match, how Liverpool has systematically developed at the foot of Wembley increased the north-west of London-based pure the case will not thank a more complete player.
Susanna Mälkki was elected chief conductor of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra - "I am pleased and proud"
In the city Board has decided to appoint Susanna mälkki Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra Orchestra next, the chief conductor in the autumn of 2016.
The leaves Los Angeles Times, have asked, with the orchestra he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki says start in his new role was pleased and proud.
Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra has been a key role in the country's music scene for over 100 years, including premiered by a large number of Sibelius music.
Orchestra have led to the best Finnish conductors and I have worked for many with a member of the orchestra in the past.
I am looking forward to the future of our cooperation, "he says.
Employee organizations regimes size the pension issue - Homeland - the regions - News - Karjalainen
Pension negotiations today applied for a new impetus to its own to the social gatherings.
The central employee organizations, akava STTK regimes and deal with the morning of the negotiating situation.
Since then, the actual pension negotiations is to continue.
The social partners has caused friction, among other things, being tied up the dispute over retirement age life expectancy.
Organisations have pledged career decision by the autumn, but the latest estimate, it would be this week.
Pihtipudas.
Rovaniemi women's volleyball league team Woman volleyball league gainer vampula sportsmen and women we have fallen at the conservation areas in pihtipudas training tournament on Sunday in EMEA Region final.
Vampula twisted five of a drawn-out match 3-2 victory.
The last lot WoVo lost 15-11.
A neighbour was always one step ahead.
The battle was good, but defense game and passport game Vampula was slightly better, saw coach WoVon Teemu Mäkikyrö.
WoVon six-man team was in so far ragged that 190 cm American sentteri Jennifer Keddy had our backs are stuck on the sidelines.
Sentteri played Sara Niemi.
Karoliina Kyllönen was thumb injury despite the ability of the game and constituted Johanna pekkarinen WoVon became the most powerful mix with.
The Chipper started Jenna Keskimäki made way for Jana Jaudzemalle for a period of the last half of the lot.
Vampula was the best part of a clever russians Lai pas ari libero and cloudberry Elina Hämäläinen which WoVo toured as much as possible.
WoVon preparing for the league will continue next coming up next week when hämeenlinna HPK comes to a training camp in Rovaniemi.
The team face on Saturday "kauppiksella" at 18 in the official training games.
On Sunday, are like sports center again.
Lidl forges a huge figures in Finland
The company's Finland's shops turnover grew by the end of February during the financial year ending almost 25 per cent of nearly 1.2 billion euros.
The company announced its the result of information on Monday.
Lidl is now in a total of 142 shops, and the expansion is to continue.
Lidl also said that the cost of taxes to Finland in the last year to almost 14 million.
Lidl Finland is one of the German Lidl group.
The company is in Finland for more than 4 200 employees.
Ovarian cancer die more often sparsely populated areas of late diagnosis and in an uncomfortable because of access to treatment
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have published a video on a tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia in the women who live in rural areas is a higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than urban dwellers.
The researchers went through more than 1100 Australian in 2005 the egg series cancer diagnosis a beneficiary of a woman's medical records and said that only 35 per cent of women, more than five years after diagnosis.
The principal investigator Susan iordan QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute - the centre to confirm that the sparsely populated and remote areas of the 20 per cent of women died during the investigation is more likely than women living in urban areas.
A small research: The new drugs could slow down lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through the women's health history seven years.
The doctor Susan Jordan also included a woman's age at diagnosis of ovarian cancer, type, past illnesses and socioeconomic status seemed chances of survival.
Older women and the wider spread of cancer diagnosis at the time of the likelihood of survival was the lowest.
The sparsely populated and remote areas of the 20 per cent of women died during the investigation is more likely than women living in urban areas.
The investigation had not sought to explain why women who live outside urban is less likely to cope with ovarian cancer, but iordan considered as potential causes of delayed diagnosis and condition access to care.
"The gynecological oncology specialist manage this disease of the best, and their reception in are located mostly in major cities," Jordan says.
Although at a distance the treatments are becoming more common and distance is falling, the importance of the researcher, in addition to the increased mobility of doctors, so that physicians can treat patients closer to their homes, and programmes that help support far away from home to treat patients.
Dr Jordan research for women with ovarian cancer, according to the long-term survival is a bad irrespective of geographic location, which stresses the need for better care and better cancer prevention program as.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, funded by the charity research published today Medical Journal of Australia - Journal.
In March 2012 33 years Gold Coast in living family of mother Elisha Neavella was malignant ovarian cancer.
Rovaniemi city wants to strengthen the town plan dog sled barque activity friendship in the Park Hotel, which is located next to the base of the court.
City board decided on Monday that friendship Park and its local zoning proposal made publicly inspection of shop pointer.
The opinions of the plan proposal calls for Environment Board and Lapland ely-center.
A zoning change will allow the city wants to allow tourism related the engine of sledding to continue in the region.
Here is to be a park, which covers the present Friendship Park and its and the area between the river.
There must not according to the bill on 15 November and April 30 permanently in the period up to 200 the snowmobile.
The region may be located in the majority of the refueling points advantage.
The new park area they also allow service traffic.
The city of Rovaniemi is renting Friendship Park area safari company the engine of the use of sledding during the winter months.
The lease was renewed last in the spring of 2014 and the agreement is valid for the spring of 2018.
Kelkkaparkkitoiminta and alteration of the opposition has attracted noisy.
Neighboring apartment building resent residents have been so concerned about voting than emission.
Emissions in the region, however, has been investigated and of the investigation has revealed the findings of cross-border guidelines.
The new furniture is the old lower emissions.
Friendship Park parking area supports it, too, that if the point of departure would go further, should be a hotel safari customers transported safari starting points by buses, which would be an estimated 15 departure, a day.
Friendship Park region and the immediate environment is, according to the city also heads geometry wide enough, better than substitutes the starting place the places such as the ounasjoki bridges with the east flanking mooring.
On behalf of their friendship in the park is a good connection with the fact that actions in the future may expand Ounaspaviljongin, for example, the region.
The parking operation of Rovaniemi is part of urban strategy adopted by the City Council that the city's goal is, among others, to create a good framework for business by earmarking enough high-quality regions logistically and functionally affordable places.
Friendship Park snowmobiling provenance is entered in the centre of the component master plan, which has not yet been enacted.
The bill is seen in the garden centers of owner-occupied dwellings
The decline in the number of homeowners, in particular, the group under the age of 35, may lead to garden stores in a reduction in turnover in the tens of millions of when today's young consumers reach of the age the sale of the garden "the main target group." The Financial Times the horticultural sector told Britain's trade association (Horticultural's Trades Association, HTA) of the investigation.
According to a report of the Financial Times an apartment renter use gardening only 55 per cent of homeowners from using the amount of money.
The investigation was also revealed that more and more live in highly urbanized homes, where there is no gardens. In addition, the garden of the whole of the decline in the front garden seating increasingly parking place. These factors also threaten to garden area with an estimated value of about £5 billion a year.
The London region of housing ownership has fallen 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years, and there will be used to garden products per household in the least money across the country.
HTA and the British garden Association (RHS), according to the hire of dwellings increase or decrease the size of the garden, however, does not mean that people are not able to grow crops.
A leading garden advice RHS Guy Barter, says that "for example, the transferable rearing containers grown plants are particularly popular with an apartment renter population, because such culture vessels can be, if necessary, to the migration inside."
HTA according to a report from 1997-2005 were retail sales in the horticultural sector because of housing ownership and financial assets of the 1980s by the end of the middle of the 1990s.
The report also projected that trade improves this year, thanks to better weather, last year's March and April after the weather poorer.
Turkey interrogating espionage report, American diplomats
Turkey's foreign ministry has called the country's most experienced of the American diplomat to submit a report of the report, which relates to the American and British spying by Turkey.
The deputy prime minister of the American Embassy, according to the Bulentin d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
A German magazine Der Spiegel magazine and The Intercept have written that the US National Security Agency (National Security Agency, the NSA) of the former analyst Edward Snowden from leaking the documents reveal the turkey was the United States and Britain's main spyware target intelligence services.
The Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has played down the significance of the report, saying that all major countries are spying each other.
A previous report by the harsh realities of the German the head the inquiry service taken angrily spying by the reaction to the Turkish government.
Cannes winner Croze occurs in the new Finnish movie
In a number of hit film chicken dalai actress Ms Marie-Josée Croze occurred has been paid in the new Finnish movie actress.
Playing the Croze tutor Mikko copper in the film 2 nights descriptions of the morning, which will start this week in Lithuania.
At the Cannes Film Festival will Croze won best actress award for his role in the film the barbarian invasions in 2003.
He has been, among other things, Steven Spielberg film Munich, and Julian Julian Schnabel in film The Diving Bell and the Butterfly.
2 of the morning and night - the male lead of the film is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film will be premiered in September 2015.
Majorca Magaluf chief of police on charges of corruption
The case made out of the evidence presented to the police and Calvià town of extortion by public servants Majorca public prosecutor's office on Friday.
Holiday island of Majorca Calvià chief of police have arrested moist Magaluf celebration known as the movement in the region - and bar owner presented as a result of allegations of corruption.
Superintendent José Antonio Navarro was set in after a number of Punta balista Street - business owners made corruption charges against him. Punta balista - in the street is located in the majority of Magaluf bars and night clubs.
Majorca Daily newspaper published online, according to the Diario case from the evidence given by police officers and Calvià town of extortion by public servants Majorca anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
The Spanish Civil Guard arrested two other local police in connection with corruption, and they have a judge questioned, together with Navarro.
Copies of the whole country päivälehti ABC wrote in his night clubs owners of the authorities of being biased, which significantly complicated by their business activities.
"This is not a question of currency, but the survival," one of the shop owner said the court.
You do not destroy the industry.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was in many countries of the headlines in newspapers this summer, when online YouTube videos, which then spread to the age of 18 British vacationer hobby oral sex to 24 with a man during the so-called pub crawlin.
The island's authorities have since tried to curb its holidaymakers Magaluf and uncontrolled drunk by reducing the use of the notorious, the plot on alcohol pub crawlien participant amounts.
In addition, Playhouse nightclub where oral sex video described, to set for the year, and nightclub owner and pub crawlin provider for carnage was ordered to pay a 55 000 euro fines.
Above all the young British tourists, among the popular tourist resort Magaluf has become popular in the so-called the trend of bay Area Laboratory Co-operative ning, which has caused a number of alcohol consumption rates due to accidents, when people have jumped from the balcony to another or from the balcony of the hotel swimming pool.
Israeli children will return to school in Gaza after the war
Thousands of israel law to children region in the Gaza Strip returned to school on Monday in shelters after spending the summer, when the rockets and mortars have bombed their the community, which has lasted 50 days of war in Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed for the rebound in the region in the fighting.
The joy of the opening of schools and caused tension rocket the bombing southern Israeli communities, but the trail of the fighting are still visible.
In the south, in the city of Ashdod pashosh in nursery workers remove the traces of the walls of the fragments and slides before the arrival of the children of functional rocket day-care center.
"We are a little trepidation but also impressed," says Roni Bart, who lives in an Israeli kibbutz the Saad, commune, and are working in the city's English teacher at school.
Many in this region are children desperately need a coordinating.
Bartin 11 years of age's daughter Shani Bartin believes that a return to school in a long period of time to feel "a little strange."
"We have been there through difficult times, when we left at home anywhere," he says.
The President Reuven Rivlin visited close to the Gaza border in a kibbutz offering their support.
Before the start of a ceasefire last week, thousands of regulator border communities such as residents had been kept indoors or left their homes to safer areas further away from Gaza to escape from the rocket fire and grenades.
Many of the Gaza Strip near the front of the Nahal Oz community residents are sceptical about the return of Palestinian Grenade 4 years of age boy killed in the community.
According to the Ministry of Education over a ten family had not yet returned.
The children of these families are placed so far, alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, near the Gaza border in a coastal town, which was the subject of heavy pale tiina law that came as.
He encouraged children to study hard and promised that "children's education and safety is disposed of."
Israel and Hamas agreed so far, the current ceasefire last Tuesday.
A ceasefire was interrupted by the fighting immediately, but it is not brought the solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas' demand for the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the abolition of air and marine sciences retabled opening.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas disarmed and bring back the two in the war to the body of Israeli soldier.
Egypt is expected to a new round of indirect negotiations beginning later this month.
The Palestinian and the UN estimates that in the war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has been a different view on the number of deaths. According to at least half of those killed were soldiers, although it had no firm evidence of this.
The Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including, among other things, the Thai worker.
The people of Gaza, Hamas and other soldiers shot battles 4 591 rockets were fired into Israeli towns and grenades, mostly in the south.
The Israeli army, in turn, took more than 5,000 of air strikes and the rest of the attack.
The Israeli attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250 000 people fled the protection of more than 100 of the UN to maintain the school, which was amended as temporary under the auspices of.
Tens of thousands of people are still in shelters and the fighting continues as school authorities moved the start of the school in the previous week.
"I hope that the school open soon and we get back to school, just like other children in the world and just as the Jewish children," said in a school in Gaza City in the living under the cover of a 13 year old Mohammad Amar.
In general, according to a meter of housing prices have risen the most to seven years of the Australian winter months.
The Australian capital's residential property prices measuring RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic - housing price index rose 1.1 per cent in August, showed RP data on Monday.
With the rise in June, July and August for a period of rising prices were a total of 4.2 per cent or more than the same months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices was 10.9 per cent, which is more than two times more than the 2013 August during the previous 12 months, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless, Sydney and Melbourne are at the top of the rise in prices.
RP Data the results show that house prices rose by 16.1 per cent in Sydney in Melbourne and 11.7 per cent the previous year.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin's housing market are the next most calls were received; The price rises have an average of five or six per cent.
The weakest housing market are in Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4 per cent a year as a result of government spending cuts.
According to the lawless Australia started kevät further sale of the number of dwellings in the coming months, which is a real test of the housing market.
"When taking into account to be auctioned housing sales rise, generally vilkas the sales cycle and continuing low interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue over the next three months," Lawless says.
The new Gösta museum has drawn record audiences in mänttä
The new museum and art have pulled record audiences this summer in mänttä.
Serlachius art museum is visited by the end of August, more than 70 000 guests.
The new Gösta museum was opened in June and on display there has been the pop art, among other classic works Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein.
The plunger art festival, said on Monday that it made record number of visitors when one moment happening was this summer, visited 14 500 interested.
This would figures is not used to.
Many people have lapannut the doors and windows, "says director Paul Sivonen serlachius Museum.
Sivonen estimates that the whole year visitors will enter serlachius museums of this year lähentelemään hundred thousand.
Visitors in previous years has been around 40 000.
Tampere and Jyväskylän piston-vilppula is located in the middle of some 11 000 inhabitants.
Museum director Sivonen points out that the new museums are always when it opens the phenomena.
"The challenge is to make the phenomenon of a permanent," he says.
Mänttä hoped art period of continuous far over the summer.
In the autumn of art museum opens up new exhibitions.
The police are investigating the four of the last few days of the theft Kajaani.
The North on the street on Sunday night by breaking a window broken into commercial property.
Factor had received a cash machine, according to a small amount of money.
On Thursday and Monday deep trench across the street between was a stolen truck tank of fuel.
Petäisenniskan Marina was exported again on Sunday and Monday a boat between outboard motor.
Rowing was kalapalta character light from the outside and inside teva Keller.
The inner edge of on the side of the beak read the text "a very good."
A couple of suspects steal the police had to get important.
On Sunday evening Tikkapurontiellä broken into commercial property.
Police dog was of tracks and twenty-something paltamo law, the man forests were found hiding under the Christmas tree.
On Monday police caught paltamo of another man, who is suspected of having also guilty of the same breakthrough.
The disappearance of the murder indictment amphetamine highlevel Kajaani
In less than 10 grams of amphetamine batch of the disappearance of the murder indictment the man to Kajaani reached in 1977.
According to the prosecutor of the man had gone and partner with another man to housing and firing shotgun suspected of drug exporter of the holder of the dwelling, 34 years of age the woman Kajaani.
The defendant denied the charge and claimed the other man brings gunner.
The incident came to the police information, when stopped by police patrol car, which had the company was burning blood work used clothing.
Burned rags in addition, the car was found in broken shotgun.
Kainuun tingsrätt a judgment at a later date.
August was in many parts of an unusually warm.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute, as hot August will be repeated on average once every 10 years.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute of Statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal in the whole country.
In most parts of the country from was the one to two degrees.
July and August because of the hot weather throughout the summer was warmer than usual.
The whole of the summer of the highest temperature was measured in the first week of August, which seemed to be an indicator of 32.8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never hugged me.
He never said love me
Henry was born of seven from Jamaica to the migrant Dudley of the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked at the plant and Henry died in the 19-year-old. The son and father of the relationship was far from evident.
Henry trains currently Rudy's Rare Records' ta for comedy show, which is based in part with his father to visit the imaginary debate and which has been developed to the Radio 4 Channel on the basis of the series.
Soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap upbeat pace.
Henry has had to undergo the painful childhood memories.
He has been in therapy, several times after the death of his mother, and he is considering a lot of its relationship with his father.
Father was a very difficult to read.
His face never materialised, the only voice said: Stop making a fuss.
Leave the sister of peace.
Move!
I think now cricket.
The older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adult me when I was a child, went with the father of average pub, for example, and discussed the shape of a pint of beer or cricket space beauty.
I never spoken to him on those issues.
Most of my life he was for me it hymytön man in a corner, reading the newspaper.
Henry opened recently the smelter metal Dudley and got this idea of what his father's life has had to be, although working conditions today are better than at the time.
The smelter today are a little brighter but they are, in practice, dark, smoky, labyrinthine depths, which bursts the flames, smoke and soot and which brings to mind Hades.
The father used to go to the bath and the only country in the tub, and gradually she began to sing on their own the smelter whilst brushing dirt out of themselves.
The smelter around walking along I understood that he had done the work for years to acquire US food on the table, and I appreciate him more.
Nevertheless, Henry's childhood was offered by the parents of proximity.
My father never hugged and never said love me.
Only when my mother was ill compliment shortly before his death we started repeating to each other that, we love each other.
Henry is Billie rivombrosa Dawn French with, and through their own child, he has been able to share the love of him, which was missing as a child.
Whether you all the time toisteltava "I love you"?
Stop taking the now it hugging!
The father, I am 22!
With Dawn French.
Why should we not be friends?
He is a great mother
Henry is still a good friend with French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why Dawn and I would not be friends?
He is a great mother.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reason, which led to the mother's death.
When I started to suffer substantial overweight and diabetes symptoms, doctor told me to do a U-turn.
Then I started exercise in the deal, and I had to start a tough diet reduce symptoms.
It is very difficult -
and boring.
No one does not enjoy eating carrots.
Henry's well known, a short beard perhaps describes those during his career.
Critics after receiving a lot of good feedback Othello role he has immersed in theatre.
Next were the comedy of errors and August Wilson's Fences (the "hurdles").
The conclusion of the theatre offers a different experience than sitcom and comedies that Henry has done the whole of a busy career.
Henry started in the area only 16 when he was a factory worker.
One of a DJ on the platform saw him doing imitations and contacted in new Faces - the ability to competition.
Henry's TV career began in the middle of the 1970s. "Quite a long time I was tv's the only black impressionist and comedian," he says.
Henry the doctrine of the work to do.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce jokes out on a conveyor belt in 1975-1985, at the same time, when the body stardom and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny in new Faces - the ability to race in 1975
Henry's manager who was the rights of the scene The Black and White Minstrel show elements, light entertainment program, where people appeared dark skinned made-up, so Henry came to the comedian programme for five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never was not involved in it, but I have no regrets.
Although the mine was a strange and deplorable, I had the opportunity to work the big events and I learned how the public will be dealt with.
Yet, "britti-tv 15.04.2013, a perennial favourite and light entertainment program" was at the same time, "a grotesque parody blacks people."
Henry was working in the 80s in another comedy series, which both were made fun of admired that black British culture.
The Lenny Henry Show's first episode was shown in 1984, and in the 1990s, for example, Henry was known as figure chef Gareth Blacklockina comedy series Chef!
The Henry spent the next decade the billboards, documentaries, TV series and part of the movie on, but BBC lennyhenry.tv series displayed in 2008, he said to herself: "What are you now, from - now it seems that swallow only stationary or transported to the sidings."
The next item was Radio 4 - the channel's documentary series "What's So Great About.?."
The first part was dealt with Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It does not actually been trained properly, the school in the US and I think it was a member of the white middle class, which use the tights and which has the money.
That is why Shakespeare subjects raised me with fear.
All the people interviewed - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester r., Judi Dench - said to me: "Try.
Don't reject the whole idea until you know what you talk.
The words of dating and you understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said 20 verses Othello last speech to a documentary, and he had been sold.
I felt that I will be able to do this.
It seemed almost as if any part of the I think it would be addressed in the past, and now it was in place.
"This is it about, this is important, so take it seriously, get in perfect condition, do not do a little background research.
Training process so that was tough, and I read a play for months, before it was carried out.
The play was ultimately a success.
It apparently was expected to fail, but so is not quite the case.
Soon after Henry featured the bulk of the comedy series.
Suddenly played the British National Theatre, and I really could not believe it a reality.
At one point in the idea came to mind: "Oh, there you have changed."
Once play had technical problems, and Henry felt clearly that was his job to entertain the audience.
"A small voice in my mind said to me: "You have to be able to survive for 10 minutes alone, until the computer is working again." "
Instead, the assistant director, announced that the proposal will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out of the stage and part of the I sighed a sigh of relief.
It is not my responsibility,
I can leave it to others.
"You're part of the spectacle, keep your role"
Henry "Fences" - play Duchess Theatre
Turn words of learning "Fences" - theatre play was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
This, too, the play was well received, so it was as if a sign of the gods; "This is what you need to make."
This Henry says, of course, a hollow voice.
So I decided to stick to this.
I love the sincerity of this work.
I love training rooms.
Henry is still basically comedian: The small the humour, the PUP interrupt debate continued his when changing imitation to another.
Abstinence is the question of will stand-up comedy, for an immediate thanks to an unknown to the public seems to be a dangerous.
If you thirst it constantly, it can lead to an impasse.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time Apollo Theatre, when it seems, but overall, it is no longer drive me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry, whether he will no longer go to a new stand up tour.
It gives me a real joy to sit together with director, which will help to shape the entire trip, beginning and end of the center stage, and I do not believe that I would never give up the feeling.
So this is his new reincarnation?
I think so.
I think acting -
It is a really fun.
Acting out are continually told the story, and in that task, I enjoy.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya is drawing up a register of officials to remove the "ghost employees"
Kenya has started to draw up a biometric records of officials in an attempt to remove the "ghost employees" government salary rankings.
Workers who do not make themselves known in the register of the next two weeks, are no longer pay, the government was notified of the press release.
The government fears that thousands of still receive their salary after leaving official duties.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to put an end to the public sector corruption in office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to an audit of the "ghost employees" wages and other financial abuses took a month at least a million dollars.
The government fears that wages are paid to account, after a person has died or left official duties Wanyama Chebusiri, the BBC reported on the capital Nairobi.
All civil servants should inform themselves in the register in the next few weeks the identification of the centres, in order to ensure that their data is stored biometric in the form of registration, told the Bulletin of the government.
According to the release of all, which leave this to be done without proper reason deleted salary rankings.
"This measure rationalised the public sector significantly because it sets out how many people really works in his post. In addition, it is cleaned on the payroll at both levels of government. This will be resolved "ghost employees" problem, "says Anne Waiguru, decentralisation and the design of the Ministry for an official of the cabinet.
The 2015 financial year Seinäjoki result may be left with a deficit of €25.5 million, if the city to adjust their activities and expenditure trends tense situation.
On the basis of the current budget preparation it is about to lose about 9.4 million with a deficit.
As potential a means of increasing was dominated on the scale of the level of services and the haggling and purchase of services, property and grants, and the sales tax - and an increase in fee income.
10 million euro investment qualifying target size is 8.5 million.
The situation is not going to be a sense of relief.
The new obligations for the tax revenues, the lack of growth, rising unemployment and government grants a 5% cut will undermine the prospects for further.
Business seminar is designed to look for new ways to rebalance the economy.
City board has agreed unanimously that the savings have to be made.
The ship has to turn the objective in strategy, says the city council's president-in-office Kimmo ruoho.
City board returned the proposals put forward yet the management team be prepared.
City council's proposals are the basis of a process of being drafted the board of governors Fram economic seminar on Monday 8 September.
After the council seminar budget proposal is on the proceedings before the board through the city council and the city Board of Directors.
Dozens of turkey and the police arrested on suspicion of "veins" against the government
A total of 33 of the police have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "against the government veins," local media sources are telling.
The police have not commented on immediately.
Hürriyet Daily News Journal reports that among those arrested was 14 eminent police officials.
Part of the police officers, was in contact with the corruption investigations last December, which was the subject of government officials, including four government ministers.
In July, was arrested in Turkey in a number of police officers on charges of organising a broad criminal coil and telephones to follow.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who served during that period as prime minister) said the police action is part of the Islamist Fethullah Gullenin him and others in power against the planned activities.
All children do not return to school in Ukraine
Most of the Ukrainian schools opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This is traditionally a significant day for families, and thousands of other ukraine and the parents' way, the Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took her daughter to school.
At the same time, she told reporters that for all schools have not opened up again, but he said he was committed to defending the country for future generations:
The ceremony of the first day is celebrated every school.
The whole of Ukraine is no peace.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole of the huge ukraine in the front must fight for peace.
Aleksin Pastukhov, which is the lead teacher slavianska School, where Yatsenyukin rivombrosa happens, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will come back at last, and that children can get something to learn, which is benefiting them in the future.
The first of the school day celebrations are part of the children of traditional embroidered shirts, balloons and flowers of teachers.
Perry in Texas, according to the unauthorised was libellous tweet
The Texas governor Rick Perry's stipulated libellous Twitter account was sent on Sunday night picture the district attorney Democrats in the middle of that consults allegations of abuse of power.
Tweet was deleted later, and it was followed by a new tweet, which Perry vowed that he does not have anything to do with the image.
Tweet was sent on my account.
"I do not accept the tweet and I removed its" at a later in the publication said.
The forces behind Perry did not immediately reply to clarification for work.
Although the tweets were sent to Perry's stipulated Twitter account, it is unclear which published the image.
The first tweet contained abusive caricature of Travis the district attorney Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry prevented Lehmbergin post of finance, when it refused to resign, which led to a gathering to the jury this month in Austin in Perry's being accused of. Perry is the possible 2016 presidential candidate.
The title of the tweet was: "I do not always drunk, three times the permitted larger alcohol limit for drivers. But when it happens, I blame Governor Perry on the finger at projection. "
I am the Texas drunk people Democrat.
Lehmbergin the agency has not led to a study of the jury against Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, San Antionio operate in a special prosecutor, whose republican judge ordered the task.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the accusations of political contrivance.
His influential a team boot their aid nursing has asked a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law, which the Texas governor has been the longest period in office, is accused of the constitution, mirrored unclear.
Perry cut $7.5 million in state aid to the state's public integrity unit, which operates Travis of public sector and manage the accusations when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision was left of the monitoring group the Foundation to give a formal complaint about it.
Perry's The Twitter account is regularly updated - and sometimes even the famously.
After reaching the fifth place in the Iowa election meeting during the 2012 presidential campaign Perry boasted that it draw with the publication of on Twitter picture of the text of the Lake jogging "from here will be, South-Carolina!" with them.
Berkeley, the housing market are "normal" again
One of the London of the most important building contractors has warned that the housing market of South East England are "returned to the" normal activity.
Capital City of London's housing has been a huge demand and a sharp rise in prices at the same time, when it is feared widespread credit bubble, which led the Bank of England to put constraints on the loans in June.
A high level of the developer Berkeley founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "the current financial year, since the beginning of the market and the number of shops have returned to normal levels in the 2013 peak after" and added that this has enabled "a stable operating environment."
The London housing market went very well during the recession, foreign investors in swarms in the capital.
Land Registry data, in the town of house prices rose by just 18.5 per cent of the previous year and exceeded clearly in England and Wales, which was the average of 6.7 per cent.
Berkeley private, affordable and a student of buildings the average selling price rose by around a fifth in the previous year, and the rise in the price of £423 000 by the end of April.
The pound has strengthened, however, made the London property less attractive to the last few months - part of the interest of have also contributed to the new the real estate tax laws and political rhetoric of a possible "the map over the buy" before the May general elections.
In London real estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the April the loan of housing report, where was told of the tighter one of a quote from a number of patients, would lead to lower the level of market growth and real estate prices in sales volumes in terms of the second half of the year.
The Bank of England's latest data showed on Monday that the number of loans fell in July, which refers to the cooler the housing market.
Real estate agent Hamptons International has fallen to the 2015 forecast on property prices in London. According to prices fall by three per cent, as homeowners opinion this is an index measuring prices has already started to suffer.
The number of shops in London's the most expensive areas in Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington drops of quarter of a year ago, real estate agent WA sa Ellis says.
The demand for homes in the capital, however, is a blessing Berkeley, which increased the income property sold more than 2.2 billion pound.
Pidgley added that "well studied, the right product demand, the best locations has remained stable, and, therefore, sales have remained lively."
In June the company told having sold 3 742 a new home April in the previous year. This is almost a third more than the economic crisis during the previous peak reached in 2007.
The annual pre-tax profits rose by 40 per cent of the year ago and is thus 380 million pounds and turnover grew by 18% to £1.6 billion.
Pidgley told on Monday, before that, the company's annual meeting of the Berkeley's earnings are responsible for the current market expectations.
Analysts agree that the whole of the year before tax profit is £450 million.
Berkeley share sold in the afternoon on the London Stock Exchange steadily increasing price of £23,96.
Hacker Jennifer Lawrence nude pictures leaked online
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th Annual Academy Awards - the awards ceremony.
Hacker, who claims to hold possession for the sake of a hundred others oscar-actor leaked images of Jennifer Lawrence nakukuvia nettiin.
Hunger-star game representative confirmed that the images are genuine and condemned the hacker "arrogant privacy."
Authorities have been contacted, and all that publish Jennifer Lawrence the stolen pictures are going to get the accusations.
The images, which originally was published, were apparently 4chan-a picture of the publication on the page ended up in the wrong hands Apple the recording system iCloud due to weakness. A hundred of the rest of the hacking of the stars are alleged to be on the list of dozens of other female stars, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed said.
It is not known how much of the pictures is genuine, albeit against Scott Pilgrim - star of the world of hacking Winstead condemned on Twitter.
"For those who watch me and my husband our home privacy of years ago, the pictures taken by: I hope you will have a good mind, "Winstead tweeted.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly" and "Victorious" - series Victoria Justice, however, however, denied the authenticity of the images and tweeted that "these so-called cheesecake I have been falsified, do you do not understand."
Let me make a stop to it in the bud.
BuzzFeed announced late on Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande denied by a representative for the stars of the authenticity of the images.
Only we extract from copies of Howard Jacobson who received praise for the new novel, which tells of love and the letter J
They dissolved, it has described the best of what has happened, they gradually came off each other than precipitation remained out of cardboard box.
Only occasionally he heard a woman that was too serious, tedious, intensive, from, and perhaps also a bit prickly.
He then waved hand.
He identified the thorny.
Yes, he was prickly, as European hedgehog.
His piikkiensä the latest victim was in the early stages, had a relationship, which was, however, have been a promising; had seemed that this relationship would have been able to facilitate his lonely boredom, and it should perhaps have been able to bring his lives up to something of substance.
Ailinn Solomons was undomesticated hair and he was sensitive delicate beauty iloluontoisella, the heart of the northern village, which was even more prosaic and further away from everything as Port Reuben.
He had become a parent of the South with traveling companion, whose Kevern assumed to be her aunt. Aunt had inherited a house, which was located in the moist but Paradise Valley, and the name of the valley was conveniently Paradise Valley.
Talossa had not lived for anyone in years.
And pipes leaked, all in the bathroom was spiders, snails were left its mark on the windows, bearing the whole of the place as their own, grew up in the garden of weeds, who reminded gigantic cabbage.
Cottage was a fairy tale as children, at the same time, threatening and magic, a garden full of secrets.
Writer said: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is a candidate for the recipient of booker-literature in 2014.
Nominations will be published next week
Kevern had sat hand in hand with Ailinnin deck chairs broken in the middle of the long grass, enjoying the surprisingly warm springtime afternoon, both of listening to receiver with divided attention, through which the whole country was heard by the soothing music and reassuring news when Ailinnin crossed, the sun tanned legs brought Kevernin reminiscent of the song, which was sung long since forgotten in a black speaker and by his father was often listened to the Venetian blinds down.
Feet are too high.
The songs were basically too aggressive, and have been played longer receiver.
They had not been banned - nothing is not actually been banned - they are not only no longer been played.
They wanted to leave the oblivion, such as in the word oblivion.
Public opinion was able to deliver what laws and will be a declaration of had not been achieved: Just as the literature of the people in the area of heroes reads chose the memorabilia, cookbooks and romances, music, they prefer ballads.
Days of Kevern wild river inny, Westmeath th there began the imaginary key and sing serenades Ailinnin larger feet arrogant comic voice.
Ailinn is not understood.
"It was a jazz pianist Fats Great Wall of the famous song," Kevern told him, and raised at the same time, by nature, two fingers out of touch.
So his father had always done, before the "j" - the letter went to escape his lips.
It had started as a father's between him and he was small.
His father told feared the same game with his own father.
If let mouth j, beginning with the word, and you remembered to raise two fingers into your mouth, you have to pay a penny.
It was not a very funny at the time of the game, and that was it now.
He knew that it was expected of him, it all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of it.
Jazz was not exactly been banned, it is not only been played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life was room for only one if-word.
At the start of the song the people wanted to know exactly where it would be the end.
Wit had been the same way.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And the jazz was through the music's wit.
Although Kevern had not been 10 years of age far heard Sammy Davis juniors, jazz music had become a familiar to him his father semi-secret through CD collection.
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account age Ailinnin was likely that he is remembered the time when popular singers were not black.
This was not necessary laws and coercion.
Dutiful society meant that each of the parts of gratefully accepted - with gratitude, the fact that they were as lucky escape in commerce - the principle that each group made it the natural things.
Temper and physical characteristics Afro-Caribbean people with ancestry are best suited to entertain and sport, so they sang and ran for.
Originally from India to the continent were as naturally gifted with electrical equipment, so their task was to ensure that each of the family was a working phone, which was used to deal with matters.
Those who were left of the Polish community, who worked in Polish plumbers; The last of the Greeks smashing plates.
When it, what happened, if there was imaginable, the Persian Bay and the Middle East had come from, whose grandparents were not quickly fled in fear that the prosecuting them roihahtamisesta by flames and feared that they reach the flames of the next, they opened the restaurant, which served labneh yoghurt and burned a waterpipe, and continued the creatures in their lives eyes downcast and boredom.
Each of leaving, according to the gifts.
Ailinn had only heard ballads, and he was difficult to understand how Kevernin just sung violate the words had never been to put music.
Music was expressed through love.
"Do they not really insulting," Kevern said.
Except perhaps russian Bigfoot believes that.
My father never insulted anyone, but this song got him to make pleasant reading.
He had already said too much, but rejected garden created the illusion of security.
A single word of the giant kaali head plant will not be passed through the sound insulation.
Ailinn is not yet understood.
Why your father loved something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise two fingers lips Ailinnin company.
Ailinn strange held him already.
"It was the father's view, an amusing", "he said instead.
Ailinn shook his head incredulous, and his hair covered Kevernin field of vision.
No change to see the world as well as a huge, the Crow black Ailinnin hiuspehko.
Nothing else he did not want to see.
"If you say so," he said, but sounded convinced by.
However, it did not explain why you sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely baffled.
Whether my leg so big?
He considered again.
Do you feet really been great.
Ankle, perhaps, a little bit.
And you hate me, because the ankle are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just stupid song.
He would have been able to say "I love you," but was still too early to it.
"You are I think it an attractive because of thick ankles," he tried to remedy the situation.
I have the perverse in that sense.
This was not helpful.
He had wanted to its that sound nice either.
Often, when he wanted to poking fun, the effect was quite different, because of him, as his the father, was missing it 1430/79 charm of the cruelty of jokes, which can control.
Perhaps his father was meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same.
Despite the gentle eyes.
Ailinn Solomons and Rose deck chairs blushed and brought down the receiver at the same time, and spilled wine, which they just had been drinking.
Wine elder for the flowers was only done, and so he could not use the cause of the collisions.
Nervousness, he seemed to be shaking, as the palm tree leaves Storm.
"And you thick reached is that what I am perverse appeals to you," he said.
Except that I believe that there seem to me.
Kevern Ailinnin had regrets, and on behalf of their own, an unnecessarily cruel words that it is because of fear, which was reflected in the eyes of this at a time when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Thought Ailinn, that he wouldn't?
He had never told Kevernille life to the icy North Island, where he had grown, but Kevern was sure that in essence, it had been the same as life here.
The same huge glacial sea that surging against them.
The same mixed feelings about the men, though, after what has happened, yet pale and evil than smuggler and their grandparents decomposer flock the pub, the pub, ready to every woman, who would dare to oppose or tease them.
A thick head?
Yet he would see a thick layer of fist, unless it would be careful!
Engagement first - kiss Ping had become the most common male and female erotic encounter a telling word; receiver out of the pumping of petty love ballad remedy against - engagement first and then attack.
Kevernin believes that it was too much, it already suction but publicity itself was hostile.
Ailinn Solomons body language called him to leave.
He dragged himself up deck chairs than an old man.
Ailinn also felt weary of sadness, but Kevernin depth has surprised him.
Does this have been the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn was followed by his move on - just as his travel partner watched the Kevernin going upstairs the window - the man, who was in the cause of heavy lives.
Adam about to leave the garden, he thought.
He an hour I feel sorry for the sense of Keverniä) and men in general, even if some of them had raised their hands of the strike against him.
Their backs turned, stooped, ashamed, beaten a man, which had lost all of the morale - why he felt that that it was so familiar to him, even though he is remembered, that should never before seen that this moment?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he considered feet.
A few years before the event just as described in an intelligent and energetic 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked for public opinion which measures the Ofnowissa private institutions, made the short Research Limited and medium-hard continuing the violence of the country's regions, where the reduction in violence, or as much as its disappearance, was most likely to eradicate it, taking into account the money spent and energy.
"Much has already been achieved, and there is a lot to do," he wrote, "in order to smooth out thousands of years been fighting and in most cases, the winner of the people's natural aggression, particularly in those rejected and remote corners of where the felling of hedgerows over many church towers despite human indulgence is over the course of time, rarely known.
Some of the cases are not be removed altogether.
The higher the tower, the lower are the cravings.
People crying sentimental ballads on winnings, pours out stories of hardship and swearing to divorce and the virtues of family life, but at the same time, the name of cruelty to an unreconstructed the relentless rural community that both the grip of the urban i lived in areas of corporate, and it is also evidence of a new, pahasieluisemmasta the will of the bickering homes, workplaces, streets and even playgrounds.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to dramatise the situation," he commented on her supervisor after reading the whole of the report.
I would suggest that you read less gypsies.
Esme Nussbaum declined by looking to the country.
In addition, I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"I think I do not need to answer that," Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme still appealed to the right not to respond to personal issues.
A feminist?
Once again the silence.
"I ask," Luther Rabinowitz said, "because I am opposed to atheism, a lesbian sexual new and feminism.
This in the workplace is not maintained prejudices.
We are minded society's servants.
Although a degree of hypersensitivity in itself is completely unacceptable and dignified, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, to what you have to me.
You have clearly something the Church against - and what you invitations cruelty or pahasieluisuudeksi, others call usually of a natural and physical your energy volume to.
Hokeminen about what happened, if there was, as if it had happened yesterday, if it happened at all, destroying the country's fundamental impetus.
Esme Nussbaum considered Rabinowitz around talking.
Rabinowitz head kontulantie flamingo pale red LED light declared the guideline, which Ofnow had divided the country since the last quarter century or longer.
Smile neighbor, the value of ballads, listen to your partner, it becomes musicals, use your phone, talk to, explain, listening, not agree with, not apologise for.
Talking is better than the silence and sung the word is better than the written, but there is nothing to win the love.
"I fully understand what you want to say," Esme Nussbaum replied to a quiet voice, when it was sure his her supervisor had finished, "and I just want to say that we are not equally effective in improving as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we do not label, we see for us to repeat the mistakes that initially led to what happened, if there was.
This time, however, we hate and lack of confidence pour out the other.
Luther Rabinowitz was the base of the pyramid fingers.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "in describing 'errors', the acts that grandparents might have done or not to do.
Also you go too far when you say that they of funds, "his anger and lack of confidence in the other". "
Like the one position, you should not have to remind that, when it comes to understanding the past, or the defence of the present, we are not talking about "us" or "them."
There was no "us" and "other."
It was chaos of time, it all, what we know.
"If we are quite honest, it in the chaos," Esme to stand up and to continue, "none of the society's group will not be able to say well behaved.
I am not blaming anyone.
What was done was done, whether good or bad.
Then it was then.
It does not need to talk about any more - we agree with that.
And just as it is unnecessary allocating blame, not even need to make adjustments, whether justified or not, and while it would be a way to make them.
But what for the past is then exist if it does not take the lessons of -
The past is there, so that we can forget about it.
If I can add one more thing -
Luther Rabinowitz broke the pyramids.
"I will just go through your report," he said, and has expressed that Esme it was time to leave.
The following day his when they go to work in a normal way, he was hit on the pavement for the ride, which runs described the passers-by "evu soul on and frantic."
Accident happens.
Lesotho army denies planning the attack; Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
Lesotho military officials have banned staging the bogged down in the attack and said that they will act against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm the political fanaticism.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had laid siege to the his official his apartment and seized government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The head of state travelled with his family to neighbouring South Africa coming out, that has received receiving the threat of death.
Army spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi told him not to attack and said that the army responded to this threat, which came from "political fanatic." Police have said has tried to arm fanatics.
"The Lesotho defence force took action after receiving a number of intelligence that some police forces are trying to arm young party fanatics these being prepared to cause problems," he told Voice of America - news agency.
The president of South African government Monyelan Clayson, according to the actions of the army seemed revolution in business.
"Although no one has not claimed cancelled government by force, Lesotho military efforts seem to all aspects of the hallmarks of the revolution of the company," he says.
According to officials of the Lesotho army soldiers return to the barracks on Sunday, and in the capital was calm the atmosphere.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing is leading a government Thabanen absence.
Thabane says, that he believes is the subject of actions, because he has tried to fight against corruption.
Lesotho has been tension since June, when Thabane suspended parliament part-sessions grand coalition because of differences between the government.
He denied this discount government in power, although it is claimed.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft set up to the new land data centre
IT company Microsoft has set up a large data centre place of the new land, which the location of the company is refusing to clarify.
Microsoft's media side of the Bulletin of the company says that they tell all data Centre Pty üksi sible location for security reasons.
Microsoft, according to the centre is already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
It is on Microsoft several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
In a place of the centre had previously speculated Oulu or the condition concerning Kajaani.
Microsoft to completely eliminate Oulun office in the workplace, which takes about 500 people.
Microsoft has announced a total withdrawal from up to 1 in 50 jobs.
Microsoft's Communications Director Camilla STT Lindfors says that the company will not comment on how many staff are employed in the new data center.
The establishment of a data centre told the new land Kauppalehti on Monday.
The man accused of the traffic light at the intersection of the girl on the run
age of 78 men are accused of three year old girl driving on top of the traffic light at the intersection of Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving on top of a girl at the crossroads of Eastern Neukissa Pittenweenissä.
According to prosecutors Stewart drove the Audi Q3 - car without due care and caused her injuries.
From the Anstruther Stewart, 78, denied the charges against Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered scheduled for trial in January.
Four tips better underwater images and videos
If you want to take pictures or videos under water, you need to choose a number of different device options.
The cheapest option is water resistant, a compact and Europe for the camera, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action camera, such as GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which will cost around $300.
I personally took these pictures of the family party, using a number of different cameras, each of which cost less than 350 dollars.
Regardless of the device is there a few rules, which should follow.
Check your hardware devices always twice.
Even if you have waterproof camera, make sure, however, that the camera and other parts of the battery is closed to the watertight.
In addition to not be taken to a description of the settings of the camera images or videos.
In some cameras or camera and combinations by video camera in the water is a regulation which improves a description of the circumstances under water.
In addition - before the jump in the water, make sure how deep into your hardware devices can take.
Some of the cameras last only for the depth of 5 feet, some even the depth of 50 to 60 feet.
Check out, and the ordinary that waterproof buying guide models and the proliferation of digital cameras in reviews.
Take a series of images - many of them fail in some way.
Compact cameras has an LCD display, which will allow us to compose the image, while action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and image composition can either succeed or fail.
Take a series of pictures.
If the camera allows, in addition, bracketing, which means many of the time of the images of the different regulations, are not taking advantage of this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
Valo decrease significantly deeper.
If possible, stay close to the surface of the swimming pool when describing the lake, or in the ocean.
So you get your photos also increases the colours; The deeper you go, the less the colours can be seen.
Try to get close to the site photographed.
This is an important piece of advice when describing the country, but even more important under water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when there is action camera: These devices often have a fixed lens, which has a large the angle of view, which must be close to those descriptors destinations, so that the site meets the entire image frameworks in.
China does not allow the Hong Kong to choose their leaders - the protesters to swear revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday that the Hong Kong voters are not allowed to choose candidates for the 2017 election of the growing, demanding democratic reform, despite the restlessness.
The decision to allow the business of Hong Kong is likely to spark a block long the assumed protests since the start of the activists to plan and implement protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
The National People's Congress decision to give power to the Communists in practice to weed out any candidates who do not obey the dictates of Beijing.
"This was expected, but nevertheless it is outrageous," says the Democratic Party chairman, colegislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They are lying Hong Kong.
It is clear that we deal with the autocratic regime.
The Chinese People's Congress deputy secretary-general of the Committee on Li Fei defended the administration of China, saying that the general as a candidate selection in terms of its Hong Kong's leader would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, with the effective abolition of the UK to China Beijing promised Hong Kong people in the region, that it would get to choose their leaders from 2017 onwards.
China's leaders on Sunday, according to the decision was a democratic breakthrough, because it will allow Hong Kong vote could not be in direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control the nimittämiskomitean through strictly to the electoral process, which is managed from Beijing.
According to a new clause only candidates who "love of the country and love Hong Kong" are accepted.
The decision followed a summer in Hong Kong took place in the region of some of the biggest and most attention to inspired protests in years.
Pro-democracy campaign was largely behind Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement, with organisers have threatened to block the world of business activity, if Beijing does not grant for Hong Kong genuine universal suffrage.
Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of Occupy Central movement held a meeting of the supporters of the Hong Kong the head the Administration Buildings precipitation to the front.
The organisers announced at a demonstration of the movement of the movement's move to a new era of civil disobedience and they are doing a protest in the coming weeks.
However, they are told details apparently, fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Online in its communiqué published by the organisers have said that the movement "is to Occupy Central - the rapture as a last resort, which will be released only if there is no hope for dialogue and not have any other way."
We are very sorry when we announce that today, the last chance to engage in dialogue has foundered and centre penetration will happen.
The Hong Kong authorities are prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday, security measures were tough government close to the main buildings. There were, for example, the police and the obstacles.
Unrest in Hong Kong is fuelling many feeling that people are gradually losing the power to the city.
Arriving from the continent has caused a wave of competition in the products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing in Beijing under growing pressure.
Some have criticised Occupy Central movement, because of its demonstrations threaten to Hong Kong's living conditions - the business world.
"The protest, that they are talking about, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people to take part and how long it lasts," says lawmaker Regina Ip, which has long been critical of movement.
We do not want to, that is spreading concern that the Hong Kong is drifting away from the ottana.
This would be bad for the investment as the image.
The Chinese state media has also been stories of which, according to the Hong Kong democracy activists are fielding a revolution in the Western powers minions. "
This summer to informal activists held a referendum on voting rights, which was attended by 780 million people - more than a fifth of the Hong Kong voters.
In July the tens of thousands took part in one area of democracy in favour of the largest protests.
The United States by the promine tradition hits British universities: The new students yksityisjettejä
We meet the demand by excited at the British first luxury travel form in today's students.
The company offers private aircraft, but also other transport equipment, such as Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1, so that the customer to ensure as memorable entry to university.
Stewart, there are also to nature.
The service is the best option for students who otherwise raahaisivat possessions right across the country, including in at the cars.
When this is combined with the many vif properties (VIP friends), we are ready to provide today's students as an easy and high-quality transport to university.
The company, according to the representative of reserves has not yet come, because the service has only been set up, but added that "students starting Orders Act over the next few weeks."
The company believes that the service is demand, although most students are paying £9,000 academic year fees.
Today's students have expectations and desires in very different than the 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago started their studies. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable one the first impression, and VIF is just the right way to do it.
However, a national student in criticising the service, which is not realistic.
The organisation's part of the high school vice-president, according to Dunn's "" This service plan appears to be a long way from a life of the majority of the student. "
Many in this month shocked the cost of living will start their education level, when available financial aid in the form of loans and grants are lagging behind the rise of superb basic living costs. Only now can start to think about where to find thousands of for use as a simple matter than the arrival of campus.
Ipswich "a house in the pig" on sale
Real estate agents removed Suffolk on the sale of the house sales image became aware of it, that the elephant in the room in the Picture House is lying on the big pig.
One bedroom of the building, which is the price of £120,000, located in Ipswich private along the way.
The announcement of the picture was one of the living room, where pig head leaning couch.
Real estate agent, according to the Connells image pig is the owner pets.
"The picture, however, came to the announcement by mistake, and it has since been removed," a representative for the company says.
The notice of Connells ex-article meeting house describes "the uniqueness of one bedroom taking over."
Although the real estate agencies has removed the picture of a campaign advertisement from its website, it is still in advertisements.
House sales have attracted interest in social media, where some people have asked whether the price of a house in the pig.
Torres c5-0162/1999 confirmed Kagawa will return to the ManU Dortmund
Spanish striker Fernando Torres c5-0162/1999 Chelsea it was confirmed, but substitute took in almost the same door opening.
Chelsea announced Pestana four-year agreement French tip Loic Remy QPR neighboring club.
The price has according to the press, 13 million.
Torres, 30, will move to AC Milan two-year loan agreement.
He moved to Chelsea Liverpool on the record sum of £50 million four years ago, but never met expectations.
Their decision was also the Japanese player Shinji Kagawa failed trip back Manchester United.
Kagawa will return as expected, the German Bundesliga Borussia Dortmund, where he made a breakthrough before transfer to Manu.
According to the press, the price is around 8 million.
Kagawa fresh agreement is the four-year.
I wanted to do on my dream true in the Premier League.
Now I am pleased when I was again the man in Dortmund.
This is a great team and a fantastic environment, Kagawa said.
The second Bundesliga club Hertha Berlin, the stronger Salomon Kaloulla.
The national team attacker will move to the Côte d'Ivoire Herthaan French Lille, and transfer the sum of it is estimated around 3 million euros.
Lille before Kalou, 29, played from 2006-12 Chelsea.
The Paris apartment block explosions already eight dead
Death toll rose to eight in Paris on Monday the uptown apartment block explosions left.
Rosny-sous-Bois'n Uptown on Sunday of the 11 people were injured in the crash, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers search the rubble of a house sign of life left yet on Monday, but the hope of finding survivors waned.
Preliminary explosion as the reason is the suspected gas leak.
The explosion occurred early on Sunday and was so strong that it shook the buildings of more than a hundred metre radius.
Our whole house was moving at: I tremble fear.
The explosion was so strong that our ears tolls, "described the crashed on the who lives next door Yyvon Maryline.
Close to school construction by already on Sunday, emergency accommodation for the residents of the house.
Only part of life - stars presentation at 17
At the event will be presented to a life - a series of stars.
The stars of the programme had met earlier in the day together for the first time since the descriptions of the series.
Kneadingtroughs is part of the early evening will be available for media Nelonen Expo - name in pregnant TV trade fair.
At the event Nelonen Media presents autumn software dozens of box facial efforts
Only the autumn series in life are involved in Vesa-Matti Loiri, Sam Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them is, therefore, the evening event and ISTV screen here.
The opportunity to start the plot of the Sebastian rejman Nelonen media channels with the presentation of the autumn of software.
The proportion of the camera crew ISTV after applying for life - the only stars interviews.
From the article has been updated: All of the only life - performers who are not here tonight's event.
According to the information that came at the opportunity to start may just be delayed.
The shipment is not reflected in all mobile devices.
HJK taking on the player's Trinidad and Tobago
FIFA European leagues have coped HJK is taking on a new player's Trinidad and Tobago.
The country's La Liga club, according to W Connection FC HJK has taken a loan agreement Joevin Jones.
Joevin Jones is the 23-year-old midfielder, who has done W connection in 55 game 28 paint.
Trinidad and Tobago national team Jones has played 35 matches.
The first announced at transfer news socawarriors football site, Jones has been one of the TT Pro league two star players last season.
W Connection - according to the club in Jones to travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgaria's prison staff to national protest
Hundreds of prison employees around the Bulgarian capital Sofia were demonstrating in front of the Ministry of Justice.
In a peaceful demonstration they declared that he wanted back old the provisions of the work, which was recently amended.
The salary increases are due to discuss the interim minister of justice with khristo Mr Ivanov.
Prison officials are already months symbolically protested against the new working time, saying that they want to go back to the old 24 hour shift system.
The Organization of the prison staff and the Ministry of Justice, in spite of a meeting with representatives of the matter was not reached the agreement, the Bulgarian National radio (BNR) says.
Negotiations are ongoing, the implementation of judgments, the director of the Directorate-General Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR.
The Organization of the prison staff are expected to join the protest by workers in the Interior Ministry members of the trade association.
Basketball: Fans of encouragement almost too much: Sasu house was actually faint on the ground
Basketball Sasu chamber today was the embodiment of Finland's victory.
He was able to forget the pitch-black usa-match and outplaying the second half of Ukraine Bloods stop to help solutions.
But the transferred all the credit Wolf fans - and made its style:
I actually faint I was going to go there on the ground at the end of the encounter, it was so wonderful.
But in the eyes of dim, could not have any.
It the noise and white public sea was almost too much to me.
Salin was considered by the power moments include nine spokes at a fast pace, exploitation of the ball in the, levyreitä and temmellystä in every place where there was.
I do not know how it so it was, but I got into a flow mode that all was successful.
They will be but one of the day, now quite ludicrous important place Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role.
To do all this.
Now it was good to see that others were sticking to the plot.
It took the whole of the gang.
The room is a team tonic and the spirit of the creator, so no wonder that his example, brought the whole of the team flight that was a large and heavy-handed too much of the quintet of Ukraine.
World Cup in 32 years after a break: The previous was reminiscent of the aggravated judge game
Bags driving Heikki Montonen (right). was the head coach of Argentina mm-tournament 1982.
Is now 32 years since the men's national volleyball team played the last time mm-finals.
Seppo Sirkka was the sole Finnish graph the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was Finland's right-coach and the current player agent Jouni Parkkali universal player.
Kosonen and Parkkali tournament will remember the one thing than yesterday's: It was the first block are placed the match against France.
"It match solution balloons judge game was a blatant," recalling Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams had already settled the back line.
Suddenly was extended by the game.
We lost its two to three, and then pasmat melted into more, "said Parkkali.
Finland played head coach Heikki montonen Command and was eventually 17.
Now Finland is again among the world champions, when the Polish mm-tournament gathering momentum today on Saturday.
Many things have changed dramatically in the international volleyball 32 years.
Players' force values are roughly the same category as before, but the quality and the art of the now has more.
The average lengths of players have grown.
The game is faster, "wondered Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish media player has expanded, and the burden will be able to share.
I expect that Finland is the first block continued.
Then, can become already strict, "will assess Kosonen.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio attack were victorious match against Tunisia.
The current player agent Jouni Parkkali was universal player mm-tournament.
Let us hope that now Petr 17 places.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down, "said Parkkali.
Type of legend Reino Kosonen was right-coach national team in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and Kari interest fanned tunisian-match.
The sauna and evening devotional seamen's church in Buenos Aires were part of the national team mm-tournament 1982.
Kari Kal (right). stretched with players.
A young star - the song contest competitive finals - not a victory in the South Karelia
A young star - the song contest final reached Veera Vento and Veeti Tikkanen did not progress to victory in the competition.
Other investments not published in the competition.
Singing teacher Teija Immonen, competition has been popular.
It builds up in a good experience.
Finalists still recording artist virret competition.
Competition at the time of is always wonderful memories, Immonen says.
Finnish tourists saved CITA dog the mountain in Norway: "These men deserve every credit"
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were forced on Thursday in the lurch in the mountains, Antti and Tuomo soininen bravely offered help.
Mikkelsen weekend looking for "international heroes" on Facebook, in order to get to thank the detractors once again.
Mikkelsen told a public Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains have been CITA dog hurt her paw.
Injured dog was no longer able to walk in sharp terrain.
I tried to position it myself down, but I managed, so I had to give it to be.
I tried many times to attract and to take it forward a little, but its legs are not just borne, Mikkelsen write updates.
Mikkelsen efkuk no help, according to the police, the nearby at the hotel and passers-by.
Nightfall in the evening started already seems to be threatening.
Fortunately, attend the incident happened two hikers who were willing to help: Antti soininen deal and his father Tuomo.
The men were visited Norway at the highest mountain Galdhøpiggen and headed camp place when they saw a woman and dog in the middle of a mountain slope.
(Mikkelsen) was the situation in a relatively calm.
We offered to help him with a dog, Antti soininen says evening messages in his message.
Soon as possible to attend the incident happened also to come to a German man, who had the tour mattress with them.
Mattress Citalle was stretchers, such as to which the injured dog was given.
German man came here for a moment after us when we had been thinking about what to do with the dog and have taken the dog for a moment's arms down the slope, soininen says.
Photo: Tuomo soininen
The dog was levied down with the help of a tour of the mattress.
Soini, performance was not physically exhausting, but in difficult terrain to charge was slow.
Around one and a half hours after Cita, however, was down happily until now.
After what has happened, Mikkelsen search still on Facebook "international heroes" in order to thank them once again.
Soininen represented a him on Sunday, but the German man is clearly still out of reach.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen says.
If they would not have helped me, it would not necessarily returned to the back.
I would like to find these people, because I feel that I thank them enough.
They are certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve every credit and credit to them, I am forever grateful.
On Monday night, soininen were already on their way home.
They had received Mikkelsen happy to hear from: - Cita reportedly can already better!
Susanna mälkki presents the Helsinki the city orkest sensitive chief conductor
Mälkki three-year period would begin in the autumn of 2016 and would end in the spring of 2019.
The draft also includes the option of two additional season.
Cellist mälkki started his career.
He is internationally renowned conductor and received Pro Finlandia medal in 2011.
At the moment, the Philharmonic Orchestra chief conductor works of John Storgårds.
The Bold and the beautiful The Bold and the Beautiful - The series will return to the box today after the summer recess.
The opening sequence suggestive name raises questions.
The history of the most popular soap opera The Bold and the beautiful returns to the summer after a break today.
The name is suggestively return period "oral luck Eric company."
The period from pigeon program description is told:
Eric and Donna will discuss the family relationships, order stick to eat the food, are drinking white wine and nostalgic rakkaus history trap.
Eric is a loyal his style dress shirt.
Lounaspaidan color he has chosen a white, which lilertää.
Katie Ridge offers support in dealing with in terms of Brooke and bill the trauma.
Ridge is not even he has not yet been reached over their problems.
Bill is Brookelassa own conflicts of working out.
Brooke should not be the fact that the man is going there to try him back.
"I would like rich, not you, Bill."
Genetic anomaly is diagnosed with often misunderstood
A British woman feared for years, the wrong diagnosis because of the death.
Karin Rodgers thought most of his youth, that he was only a few years to live there, because he had been diagnosed with one of the disease.
Actually he was suffering from Charcot Marie Tooth disease (on). It means a number of genetic diseases that damage the brain and spinal nerve outside.
UK charity on the wrong diagnosis, according to the charity is a general problem the cases on, because they know so little.
It is estimated that about 23,000 people in Britain suffers on the disease, which causes symptoms motor skills, such as muscle weakness, difficulty walking and toes kippuraisuutta.
The disease can also cause numbness or pain, and it is an incurable and Progressive, which means that symptoms get worse over time.
Rodgers is suffering from a 13 year old he thought Friedreich ataxia (FA), which is really bad survival.
Rodgers thought that they will meet wheelchair before the 18 and death before would reach the 30 years of age.
Today, a mother of two 51 years old says that "as a child, I knew that I can do the same things as the other.
I fell on a daily basis and it took me in everything for longer than the other.
I could never rollerblading or skate with other children, and I was teased at school, as I walked and I ran in a different way than the other.
Rodgers a 13 year old when he was carried out a number of Achilles tendon cuts to straighten feet. A doctor in the context of the cuts have left the room he quickly glance at a research paper, which said his suffer FA disease.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I told anyone, but at home since I checked the disease data at the Library of the Association of FA and I wrote," he says.
When they gave me the information, I was shocked and in a state of panic.
I thought I had expected wheelchair by age 18 and die before would be full of 25, and in between I lost slowly to the entire performance.
I went through this to myself and I designed their own funeral.
Rodgers says that 17 years of age now, he said that his his walk had deteriorated so much as he had thought was their doctor and asked for this.
The doctor just hugged me and said: "The Girl gold, I do not believe that you have this disease, because otherwise you are already in a wheelchair."
I think that you suffer from something much less dangerous disease.
Some of the genetic testing on the basis of on the disease he was diagnosed.
"When it was explained to me, which on the disease is, I thought of me lykästäneen," he says.
Charity on on the month UK - to draw attention to the disease.
A hundred migrants were found in coal wagons in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found more than a hundred illegal immigrants coals attitude off the train, the country's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Stowaways were mostly Syrians and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late on Sunday Veles central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where are, of which came from and where are going, "said Interior Ministry spokesman, Ivo Koteski.
According to police the migrants were paid around EUR 3 000 each to get to Greece, and yet 800-900 euros more to come to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants passes in a couple of million inhabitants a wealth of Macedonia on their journey through Western Europe.
Syria's bloody civil war refugees have fled for three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support Scottish independence
Pop group Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined the Scottish independence supporters.
In fact, according to bands starring in a few weeks, in Edinburgh's concert, which will support the independence of the project.
The Scottish independence referendum on 18 September.
In his newsletter Mogwai, said that the vote is an opportunity for the Scots, who happens to the point only once in life.
Earlier, among other things, the actor Sean Connery has given its support for independence.
Instead, for example, the British stars Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to Scottish, so that they would remain as part of the problems of the United Kingdom.
Opinion polls independence campaigners have been at a loss.
Supermarkets difficulties continued mid-summer - Home News - Ilta-Sanomat
Moment also continued to decline in July, says retail association.
According to the department store - and hypermarket chains turnover fell 3.2 per cent in July of lower levels of years ago.
The worst is takunnut home and recreational sales of products, which fell year-on-year turnover of more than seven per cent.
Pukeutumistuotteet were also sold well in less than the previous summer.
Non-food retail value, by contrast, increased year-on-year in July, almost three per cent.
The most sales grew by small stores and large supermarkets.
The whole of the early part of the year during the January to July, supermarkets and hypermarkets turnover has shrunk by more than two per cent.
Non-food sales, by contrast, has increased by almost one per cent.
Joan Rivers'families "hopes of the best"
Joan Rivers has been unconsciously since he was brought in new York city centre, to a hospital, but his daughter was today hopeful that 81 years of age comedian will improve their illness.
"Thank you for your continued your love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother were brought to the Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday - due to cardiac arrest. According to sources, the then place in which they Upper East Side, the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic - announced an emergency hospital.
Doctors deem him deliberately prohibited drug with the help of his condition and the following closely, until he is currently a serious condition has been stabilised.
The case has caused widespread reaction of the public, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support online.
Areva-Siemens: Number three reactor will be built in the middle of 2016
Areva has supplied industry TVO Olkiluoto 3 did force an updated timetable.
Areva provides information on the project, according to recent delays are mainly caused by the fact that the reactor automation systems is applied for approval.
The project is already years too late.
In May, TVO not given any assessment of the reactor number three completions.
Nastola gave Bottakselle 1.4 hectare beach plot - the value of around 60,000 euros
Nastola executive committee gave Formula driver Valtteri Bottakselle 1.4 hectare beach plot Kärkjärven villähde from the shore.
The Municipal Council showed Fair sports opinion and was unanimous.
Dissenting voices at the meeting was not one of the land when it was decided, "says the mayor Paul grain structure.
Bottaksen gift plot is farm buildings - a total of seven pieces.
The municipality to dismantle them this year with the exception of one out.
Bottas has promised to build the site two years of second homes.
We are honoured that he must have enjoyed myself was born in the parish of and wants to be also continue to do here.
Valtteri is visited every year, came to primary schools and sports career of his life.
And, hopefully, it is to continue, the mayor says.
The mayor thinks beach plot monetary form is now worth EUR 40000-60000.
The coast is low and child-friendly.
The area has been the municipality owned over ten years.
Nastola is over the decades with varying degrees of success have been successful in sport through gift plot municipalities.
World champion javelin throw Aki Parviainen and aerobics champion of the world to the wind matin salon had built a local government and private plots a whopping houses and villas.
They are, however, remained nastola but sold the properties and turned away.
Parviainen and matin salon came nastola employment, and then moved in the changed their lives elsewhere.
Bottas is a native nastola kind and his situation is different, grain structure inches and believes Bottaksen standing the.
Hull hired the striker Hernandez club in a record sum
Premier League club Hull invested a record sum club in the Uruguay men's football team Abel Hernandez of the acquisition.
Hernandez to Italian club Hull getting from Palermo £9.5 million, or about 12 million euros.
The agreement is a period of three years.
Hernandez was hit by last season 14 of paint when Palermo won Serie B and rose to the Italian the main series.
The Uruguay national team he has made seven of 14 match the paint.
Last summer's mm-finals Hernandez came in two of the match on the ground in the exchange.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come within a short period of time, said Hull head coach Steve Bruce.
On Monday, Hull said Senegal also acquired the national team captain Mohamed Diamen West Ham.
The Russian avaruuskoe failed - sex on a journey posted Gekkonidae died
Russia sent into space to grow over the five little gecko are dead, says the Russian federal space agency Roscosmos announcement.
Gekkonidae traveled Foton-M4 satellite carried more than a month and a half.
Satellite returned to the country on Monday morning the time.
The test was designed to examine the use of Gekko reproductive ability and weightlessness in space.
One of the test of the attended male gecko and four females.
Although the experiment sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
The effects of weightlessness Gekko eggs, for example, we still know very little progress.
Gecko via the impact may be to try to predict the effects of weightlessness that people should stay in longer periods of time in a similar condition, was illustrated in new states of mania in July.
Roscosmoksen Gekko, according to the time of death and the cause of death or reasons for explains.
According to the Interfax news agency "seksigekoiksi" crossed the passengers froze.
The unexpected also reflects the fact that the same Foton-M4 traveled carried fruit flies vaivoitta survived trip, and also received offspring.
France was arrested by the nice at the airport suspected terrorist
France was arrested by a man suspected of terrorism on the nice at the airport on Saturday.
22 years of age man is suspected of having acted in Syria a jihadist group the recruitment market.
The French authorities reported on Sunday.
Authorities obtained a man to the trails, after it had attracted money the age of 16 girls to leave Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and crossed from the Syrian border.
The airline does not believe the girl's explanation that he was going to visit his grandmother living in Istanbul, but to alarm authorities.
Authorities contacted girl's father, who was completely unaware of's daughter's intentions and told authorities that the family is not related, in Turkey.
A man has come from Chechnya, according to authorities, but he now lives in France.
The French intelligence officials had been watching the action of a man in the past.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that the Iraqi or Syrian war attracted radicalised young people are also a security risk for France.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or the books in France is the last during the conflict, travelled to Syria returned or is currently planning to departure to Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
Basketball national team hopes to graduate from are at stake, when Finland faces the World Cup today in another bout of Ukraine.
If the opening loss to the United States had been expected, is part of Ukraine back to those countries, where Finland should take follow-up place the necessary profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, the Petteri Koponen envisages.
Ukraine beat on Saturday in the first bout of the games the Dominican Republic 72-62.
Team prepare a veteran NBA Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine is playing aggressive basketball.
Ukraine's key player is quarterback Eugene "Pooh" ithrites, whose sister Carmel ithrites is 100 metres champion of the world three years ago.
Dominican Republic ithrites against threw 16 points.
Pooh ithrites Quick Jack, but yes we are being staged against of the past and we need to get out, we norm defence Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than yesterday's Tapio to the United States.
We need to find their own strengths again.
I can guarantee that on the ground is seen as normal a pack of wolves, Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars to the spread of the alleged nakukuvat online - part ensured authenticity
On the internet is spreading a series of nude pictures, which allegedly performing well-known public figures.
Including actress Jennifer Lawrence has had "naku photo campaign" victim.
Entertainment website TMZ has published by Lawrence of the representatives of angry comments, which would seem to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a blatant breach of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (on the internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen images, will be to prosecute, representatives are threatening.
According to the TMZ actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead, has confirmed that he is spread through the images are genuine.
He had taken the pictures of years ago with her husband.
When I know that the images was destroyed long ago, I can only imagine what the atrocious effort for this purpose, was seen.
I sympathise with all the people who were victims of hacking, he writes, according to the site.
Instead, the Actress Victoria Justice says under his own name of the images of the counterfeit.
Genuine or fake nude photos is on the move also, at least Kate Upton, Kirsten Dunst Ariana Grande, Hope Solo, Krysten Ritter, Yvonne Strahovski and Teresa Palmer.
Honka goalkeeper criticising likely: "Are not doing enough work to ensure that will be able to reach out of here!"
Football club FC Honka is currently betting league in last place.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitala's comments after Sunday's vps-match describe a hybrid club in the current situation.
I do not have the four months have been goalkeeper coach.
But everything will need to adjust, "Viitala said 1 2 defeat ended after the battle.
Honka made the game, especially in the first at half-time a lot of defensive mistakes.
Goalkeeper Viitala had not been bad defense gaming pleased.
Honka player traffic has become this summer, lively, and this is also the reason why defenders Viitala's has been a change in the face of occurrences.
Roulette player also with many young players have had the opportunities that they do not even necessarily deserved.
"Part is not doing enough work to ensure that access to the sometimes away from here," Viitala snorted without naming anyone of individual players.
Honka Shefki Kuqi head coach was agree to some extent with with Viitala's.
"I said after game for certain players, that if you are rehearsals and games to keep the fun and do you think you are veikkausliiga players, and do not need to work, so you must be in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given many young game time.
If they do not want to take the place and the use of the possibility for the good, so it is not my fault.
Kuqi, however, was also that players can expect an immediate success, when the game guys change constantly.
During this period has not been two times in a row of the same composition.
In particular, the defense from a bunch of people has changed.
It is the main reason why we have this place, "Kuqi said.
Honka is vps-defeat a series of Jumbo, equal number of points after the last second, with the TPS.
There are still betting League seven rounds, and so Espoo residents still has time to avoid falling unity.
I have never dropped a team, and I will not drop now.
We do not really to drip this series, "goalkeeper Viitala boasted.
Lars von Trier doing for decades after the break for TV series
Film director Lars von Trier intends to return to the TV series as a factor.
Danish director is working on a TV series called The House That Jack Built.
Sarjahankkeesta told Trier films acted as a producer Louise Vesth today on Monday the Venice festival.
Production company Zentropa descriptions of the series, according to the press should begin in 2016.
Trier manuscript of the work of the series are told to spend on this from autumn onwards.
Series is in English.
Mysterious project tells The Note also the Trier a long-term partner, the hard sales-to-speech well-known producer Peter Aalbaek Jensen.
He said, a similar series of "has never been seen and not to ever see."
"Round up your breath," Jensen says Aalbaek bulletin.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in recent years, a well-known stir I raise media appearances and films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
He drove for television in the 1990s Empire of the series.
15:20 01.09.2014 chain store Lidl seems to have been the Finns win over, at least if the result figures are to be believed.
Lidl's trade group's activities runs the Lidl Finland kommanditgesellschaft - the group's turnover continued to grow at the end of February that ended for the period.
The company also improved results.
Earnings before tax reached 79,6 million euros, when it years earlier was 56.4 million euros.
Turnover swelled, in turn, 960 million euro to 1.2 billion euros.
Growth was 25 per cent.
Increased their market share of the company also improved operating result 61 million Euro 84 million.
Net sales percentage was 7.1.
Saksalaisomisteisen Lidl's fiscal year runs from March until the end of February.
The company says having paid out in February for the year to the tax to Finland 13.7 million.
Constantly chain of shops have been told by the company has expanded to Finland to invest this year 100 million euros.
Finland is now 142 Lidl - retail outlets and employs more than 4,000 employees.
The first shops opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket challenge - the participant jaw dislocation
Briton Isabelle Roberts bellowed so hard, when her on top was ice-cold water, that his damaged face bones.
This Ice Bucket challenge - the painfully ended badly.
A woman has been taken care of his karjuttuaan Ice Bucket challenge - in the course of carrying out so strong that his jawbone went dislocation.
Isabelle Roberts bellowed so hard, when her on top was ice-cold water, that he damaged the face structure.
"The water was so cold that only roughouse, but roaring, I felt that my jaw started stiffen," he tells The Mirror - page.
20 years of age ice water being poured into the ground.
Ms Roberts moment before an accident
I tried to close the mouth, but I could not, my jaw was locked, and then I realised that something is wrong.
Then my mother and sister found the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had to whisk clinic.
Super popular challenge on Tuesday, participated in the 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital, where the jaw was set back in place.
Piece of video has become an internet sensation, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and on Twitter.
Aspect of the wolves howling (even): How the fan of the amount of growth can explain?
Today was just a great vibes.
So said basketball player Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland had played against France em-finals Athens Maroussi sports hall.
Not Pehkonen exaggerated.
I remember, when the game was there.
So were also the around a hundred finländska, who shouted at 20 000 spectators driving on an empty hall, otherwise the fuss.
I wonder what would have said Pehkonen 19 years later, the World Cup after finnish-ukrainian-match?
In Bilbao hundred Finnish fans troops is ten times the amount of eight.
The European Championships 1995 was the Finnish basketball tentative period.
Men with their way into the finals by overcoming, among other things, the Russian qualifying match in the sports centre.
This victory opened the doors of the cream.
All seemed to be a good.
It was promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
Head coach Henry Dettmann brought möttölä piped finals team.
The solution, which many had a different opinion.
Now you can say that was from a distance Dettmann wise, even if all is not did not go according to the script.
After the Athens national basketball team dived deep.
The Athens Games were Finnish is known to present a little bit of a total of more than a hundred.
Among the journalists, were part of the players' relatives, Finnish basketball coaches and some of the fans.
Bilbao are journalists, relatives and coaches for acceleration programmes, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
The phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible perspective.
No one will be able to tell the exact figure finland at GMOs environment was hit by the fairy tale.
Estimates are spread between 7 500-10 000.
The figure was anything in between, is it quite incomprehensible number.
This is sports sociologist explaining.
In a globalised world economy businesses move across borders.
In sport is still an opportunity to look at how we are going to the internationally.
With increased mobility we can go and see how our girls and their sons to flourish in the world, "says professor of sociology of sports Hannu itkonen.
Certainly, as well as in Spain that the volleyball world cup in Poland, the Finns, who are seeking experience associated with.
A common experience.
It does not explain everything.
In athletics must be more attractive.
Itkonen to popular culture as part of the sport.
Is the lower the threshold to leave the sports competitions than to Berlin to see art.
Without the mass of success, though, does not get off the ground.
Let me take you back to 1995.
Then head coach Dettmann challenged basketball federation and the players to throw top-level sport professionally.
Almost ten years it took.
And then changed the direction of the operation of the national team was paramount.
Volleyball crowds did the same movement a little earlier.
Now both enjoy the fruits of their work.
As Itkonen says, both species are successful products of the top-level sport, where the pope triad works: Sport Media sponsors.
At the time also interested in the public.
And the media has taught what such a carnivalesque advocating is Itkonen recalls.
Whether the ball games to pass on this massive interest from the series?
The car - and is being played volleyball, on average, for hundreds or a little more than 1,000 the viewer.
Itkonen issue is considered to be a good, and not necessarily provide the answers, which promise a very good species.
The second school believes interest to move.
The second is the fact that does not want to fresh stomach full.
This group is ready for adventure travel for the football World Cup, but their basic philosophy domestic series are two in interest.
This is a challenge - this society people in the middle.
The site bottaksen verification - almost 1.5 hectares from the shore Lake
Nastola rewards formula one driver Valtteri Bottaksen beach home site.
The municipal council approved the 1.4 hectares of land donation unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
The site will rise in the future of leisure accommodation.
Nastola Bottaksen has followed the success of this go-kart times since.
He felt good for the envoy, in the Bay to sell the land and the nastola.
Gift plot, Kärkjärven Koiskalassa is located on the beach.
It has become nastola municipal ownership as part of the larger real estate business.
In the region is seven discharge condition of the building, which landed at the expense of the municipality of six out of by the end of this year.
Bottas has reached the Belgian formula 1 rally for the fourth palkintopallisijansa this year.
He is mm-points fifth.
Bottas is a native nastola kind and lived a childhood villähde.
He lives today, in England but is nastola is always the case when free formulations.
Bottas has visited secondary schools and youth facilities.
Wearables design come - but hardly the poor
It presents and test them currently in New York in the ongoing U.S. Open - tennis competition.
Ralph Lauren intelligence T-shirts ball persons testers are on the ground, but also to the University of players highs of amateur Marcus Giron, Ain sees one.
He called the shirt to help him to follow their own development and regulate the recovery from.
Nailonpaitaan is woven silver sensors, of which information is shirt to the mobile broadband modems and then on to smartphone or tablet PC.
Sensors measure heart rate, breathing rhythm, stress and steps.
A central unit from mokkula shirt before throwing into the washing machine.
Fashion house has not told the exact time shirt sales for the start, nor even hinted its price, Tech Times reported on.
Lauren Raph is not the only smart clothing to bet the company.
Californian Mount Athos is brought up for sale and intelligence shorts intelligence shirt.
They measure rate, breathing and muscular work.
Garments are paying for a hundred dollars apiece and the size of the thumb of the unit to pay two hundred dollars.
Teknovaatteista also wrote Red Orbit.
A smart way to save in textbooks
University of books America exceed the costs of many of the student's case for $1,000, so soon, the second year of study starting Matt schroedter came up with a clever way to save on costs.
He developed a system where the subsequent year courses students borrow books nominal compensation, rather than they would sell books ahead of the same way.
"Mathematics my book should normally paid $180; I paid to use it throughout the semester, and $10 good-sized sandwich, "says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying Covenant College in London in the state of Georgia.
Schroeder says that his last academic year book would have normally paid $430.
Instead, he used the $120.
The university, according to the board of the average student spends more than 1 per year to $200 textbooks and school supplies, but students have access to a number of ways to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly and Schroeder to use stores such as the idea of creative approaches.
More and more student rents textbooks, so that they can use the whole of the academic year for a record and pay for paper clearly less than buy the students.
More than 250 the book trade campus to keep Neebo Inc - according to the company, the rental of textbooks has doubled since 2011.
Sector, the statistics reveal that about a quarter of the universities of books in book this past spring was rent a book, neebo company president-in-office Trevor Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores, according to the WTO - less than half of all books purchased the bookshops campuses.
In this simplest means it will save money.
Online shops
The new paper online shops can only be accessed by a third of the price of what it would cost in campus.
Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert hostetlerin "calculus" - the ninth edition paper MSRP of $290 is close, but special books Chegg.com paper online may be the price of $239,99.
Buy used
The books are a good option if the reader do not disturb other notes and passed appearance.
For example, "Calculus" - the book will be used, chegg.com online 93,49 dollars.
Brigham Young University last year's student Matt Casaday, 25 years, says bought the book "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business "when consumed only Amazon.com online 0,42 dollars.
As a new paper would be paid $48.
At the University of Massachusetts Amherst's College Without Walls - the school director Ingrid Bracey and other academics are recommending that students are asking professor, can use past this course.
Sometimes the new edition of the reforms are not relevant to teaching.
In this case, the old edition can find only a fraction of the price, which should be paid for the new.
Chegga - and Amazon bookshops in addition, eBay Inc's Half.com is a popular second-hand books where to buy.
The rental of
Leasing of textbooks is worth considering, if you keep the good care of, you remember to bring them back again and you do not need them completing the course.
Hiring can save you more than 80 per cent of the price of a new paper.
For example, "Calculus" - the book of the seat of the whole of the semester costs about $20.
Read more about the company hires rules, such as notes, highlighter pen and the wear on the use of the following the charges.
Lessee, not beware: If you forget to return the book, late payment fees can be higher than the purchase price of the paper.
E-books
The acquisition of e-books ordinary paper, however, can also become the question.
Sometimes these books, which is rented out will be paid to the owner of the e-book, for example, Amazon.com, chegga - or Barnes & Noble Inc - bookstores.
Chegg trade must not "Calculus" - the book e-book format for six months of about $61.
Bracey, many literature students are best, because many classics can now download free of charge, while the science and engineering books can be very expensive.
A Comparison of Various sellers in favour of option, and then chooses.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin, Pepperdine Law recommends using paper ISBN number in the price, because it will be able to ensure that is looking for the right of the paper.
Before you order from the network, make sure that the paper is certainly in the store in Gault says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
He bought the paper was put on hold for four weeks, and he was finally to obtain the book at full price of the university bookstore.
Legioonateatteri deal celebrates 20 years
Established in 1994, theatre is opposed to unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome to all who want to make the performing arts.
Organise the term pain goals 17-35 - the age of social activities for the long-term unemployed.
The proposals are often position in society.
In recent years there has been depression subject inen moderate depression, among other things, I I I! - a jokey reports narcissism and classic arrangements.
Believes that every person can change their own lives.
Burnt died almost double the number of people compared with last year
The burnt to the deaths of this year is almost double the number of people compared with last year.
The Confederation of rescue (Spek), according to media monitoring fires so far, has died in the 55 people 49 different fire.
The corresponding period last year fire deaths was 31.
Most of the dead, 36, has been men.
Over the age of 65 has had 11.
Fire death statistics the Organisation for the worse the situation was most recently in 2009, when the burnt by the end of August, had been killed 64 people.
The vast majority of fire deaths happen in housing.
Apartment blocks, there have been 17 fire-related deaths, Ari auvinen 21, and row - and other small houses seven.
To remind you of home fire safety Spek repeating.
At least of all the home's smoke detectors, according to the Spekin toimivuus should ensure.
In addition, all should be checked, that fire-extinguishing equipment are easily transactions that are being introduced.
All of the premises of the home also has to be unimpeded escape route.
Children should also tell us what they can use electrical appliances in his home alone.
The Nato summit: The first protests Newport and Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO summit in Newport are protesting over the last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered at Newport to the city centre of NATO's call to the march.
On Sunday, about 150 people met on the Cardiff City Hall to the so-called counter-summits.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived even Belgium until now.
Young people were rescued by Air Australia the Blue Mountains
Two teenagers were walkers safe from their stranded in Australia, after the night of the New South Wales blue boxes located in the region in the mountains.
age of 16 and 18 years old man of the girl went hiking at midday on Sunday after Govetts Leap Blackheath.
Upset the relatives of young people who were not returned home, and called the police eight in the evening.
Local police officers and helpers consisted of search party was sent to look for young people, and dual was found at about 23 from near the Bridal Veil - falls.
The girl was infringed the knee, and the man had collapsed and had their heads.
Police officers spent the night with the couple, and they were brought to safety on Monday morning.
Hikers were exported to ambulance Blue Mountains to the hospital, and their condition was stable.
Ukrainian soldiers withdrew from the airport and the Lugansk
Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from the airport of Lugansk.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers were given to retreat.
According to the Ukraine paratroops have been vigorously with one of the Russian tanks on the ground.
According to the representative of the other side of the army gunfire has been so precise that the shooter is likely to have Russian professional soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Sea of Azov coast of south-east of Ukraine artillery matches yesterday received the Ukrainian patrol craft sank in the morning, "says border guards.
Eight Marines have been rescued and two are still missing.
Border Patrol was unsure of what was shot from the beginning.
The separatists told yesterday in the social media from the beginning of the shooting.
The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukrainian troops must immediately withdraw from the positions, which they can do is shelling civilians.
Foreign Minister talks in Minsk today, according to Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE there would be to achieve an immediate ceasefire without preconditions.
Lavrov also pointed out that Russia will respond to any new economic sanctions.
First, we will protect our own interests, our economy, social sectors, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also be to draw conclusions from the actions of our partners, Lavrov threatened.
Heavy rains were flooding of the Malmö and Copenhagen
Flooded the streets on Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, when heavy rain whipped south Swedish and Danish.
Flooding cut off, you were a number of traffic and then buried cars submerged.
Authorities estimate on Sunday that flooding could last easing, although the rains Monday was forecast to disappear.
Heavy rainfall were able to surprise Swedish authorities, and rainfall of the weather warning in advance.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute on call weatherman Ari Mustala estimates that plagued the area of rain front was a very local.
Rainfall and narrow seems to be permanent.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialist should "be quiet and to help France," François Hollande the main sponsor says
Valls called on the deeply divided on the left "to show their feelings" of the difficulties of socialist President), which the new government has not been composition of the French approval of a majority.
The president deserves all the respect he deserves our faithfulness, we support.
"Our task is to stay at her side," Valls said and deserved the round of applause.
As a gesture reassuring Prime Minister called for peace in the government to leave the French controversial 35-hour week, despite the new economy minister Emmanuel Macron earlier this week's debate, the controversial proposal that the rule should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Holland has called for the Socialists to act in concert with the government.
Justice Minister Christiane Taubira, however, the controversy was caused by turning out dissenting Socialist MPs who asked for a meeting and by criticising Socialist Party, for providing "the French to give up hope for the future."
Far-right Front National leader Marine Le Pen made fun of the Socialist ongoing mutual divisive and said that do not believe the new Valls government lasting a few months.
François Holland may have left the soitellen war, but so also Manuel Valls, whose duty was to create a new government, after the previous did not last for at least the summer.
"And not a new government will not last until the autumn or winter, until now," Le Pen told journalists.
He reiterated the party's proposal to dissolve parliament and had a party election profit before the term in elections and he himself would be ready to lead the party.
The French ruling party has suffered a crushing defeat in the March municipal elections and the far right had possession of a list of the tip of the May European elections.
On Sundays, which will come up - the Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll shows that 76 per cent of French people believe that the Socialist Party could divide a number of competing groups of Hollande before the end of the season in 2017.
At the University of DG political scientist Pascal Perrineau warned that the French are losing soon ran out of patience, unless the new Socialist government fail to improve the economy and record high unemployment.
"There is a small to have a chance of success, but the public is to see quickly, that change is happening," he warned.
Otherwise the situation will deteriorate even further.
Paperbacks betrayed their morning Finnish hosts Kirsi alm-siira, Nina rahkola and weatherman Pekka fair weather paperbacks failed badly in the recording of the programme.
Morning finland-united programme published last Thursday, Facebook site on Thursday of a funny video of the recordings.
Video spots presenters Kirsi alm-syrup and Nina Rahkola weatherman Pekka dry weather, as well as trying to record morning Finnish mainospuffia consignment of the next day, but the recording does not go quite pipeline.
Alm-syrup whack in his words, when he is trying to say the word budget session, and his sekoilu will also be given fair weather and rahkola lose TT time after time.
And these guns should be allowed to withdraw the direct shipment yet tomorrow morning, the Finnish Facebook update says.
Video on Facebook has become very popular and it is both liked that shared on Facebook more than 10,000 times.
Journal of the image picture in the office worked Jorma kaarlo dry weather, 68, was in third, in a series of portraits in 1972.
In the picture is the Israeli prime minister gold Meir.
The Helsinki fredrikinkatu building champions talossa was held a meeting of the Socialist International in May 1971.
The meeting was a lot of heads of state and the security measures were huge.
When Gold Meir became restroom, seven bodyguards went in.
At the beginning of the meeting, however, we had a good five minutes to portraying.
I took this picture of four of five metres away.
Light and background were in place.
As soon as I understood that this time, I managed.
Meir appearance sees that the Middle East leaders have been difficult in the past.
Then fared in the competition known persons or pictures of the events.
It is great that today can also be successful in other pictures, as long as is the idea and visual of torque.
This is the second best picture, which I have taken.
The best is Lasse virén the fall of the picture Munich Olympic Games.
So I sent the competition.
Doctoral dissertation: Virgin-investigation paid for more than five million euros
The police investigation into the legality of the drugs unit has already paid more than five million euros and called for 30 to 50 staff-year.
It estimates Jyri Rajamäki Jyväskylän University in the dissertation in its information technology.
Rajamäki argues that the legality of the activities of the police control and the fight against crime in general could be substantially improved by combining the investigation and trial of the IT systems.
According to the rajamäki modern technology allows for multiple use of forensic evidence.
He notes that it is possible to build a system where the information collected to investigate the crime is automatically the chain of evidence an electronic evidence to the same time, and allows for a complete the review of legality.
Doctoral dissertation at the Saturday.
Yle: The 1999 conception of vegetarian food on the wall of the school was forgotten: "Vegetarian diet are part of the fish and chicken dishes"
The image of women walk on a school wall pirkkala kind from special note caused food scandal in social media, says Yle Web site.
Vegetarian diners!
Vegetarian diet school lunch of fish and chicken dishes.
Only when, on the list is meat, are vegetarian option!
This is the forgotten on the wall of the school, 15 years in the old bulletin.
Image do you get to see from here.
In the social media has spread to the picture has made people to send pirkkala indignant plot of feedback.
The food and cleanliness Service head Arja Vaarma says YLE that displayed the missed patch is not true and it should have been removed from the time ago.
Apparently, before I came I have ever had such an idea, which has been discussed at the time, with the health care.
Each student receives hopes for a meal, she says of the YLE.
In this day pirkkala in schools for pupils are being offered only vegetarian options, with the consent of parents and your doctor or nurse certificate vegetable diet.
Vaarma YLE justifies the solution to the fact that young vegetarian experiments may fail to complete the nutrition and meat or chicken can give rise to the lack of amazement from parents of pupils.
Norwegian Cruise close to $3 billion of the prestige of the values of the cruise - agreement
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy the rival Prestige Cruises International Inc - the company's three billion dollars. The data come from the matter closely involved with persons.
With the transaction Norwegian Cruise, a company which has a market capitalisation of $6.8 billion, should not have the use of the Prestige Cruises - the company's luxury liner and wealthy customers to continue to greater competition in the Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corporation (CCL.N) - companies against.
Sources of information, according to a possible agreement may already be published this week, though, is also possible that the negotiations fail.
The Prestige Cruises - the company's owner, private private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns the 20 per cent of the Norwegian Cruise - the company.
The sources did not want their names public, because the discussions do not go to the public.
Norwegian Cruise and The Prestige Cruises - Representatives of the companies did not respond to the comment request and Apollo representative refused to from commenting on.
Miami by a Norwegian Cruise - the company has 13 cruise ships, which covers the route map of North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and Caribbean.
Its turnover grew by 13 per cent from 2012 to 2013, when the turnover was $2,57 billion.
The Prestige Cruises, which is also being driven Oceania, Miami and Regency brändinimillä, which is a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers over Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, of North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was $1.2 billion, which is six per cent more than the previous year.
$29 billion worth of cruise industry are expected to benefit from in the coming years developing economies, such as China and India's rising middle classes.
Companies are competing to become the number one choice of these new customers choose cruises.
The Prestige Cruises on the stock market registered by the United States first shares issued bills in January 2014.
Apollo has devoted most of the company's shares after the 2007 trade, which was worth $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was established in 2000 with the current lineup of its reunification Genting Bhd (GENT.KL) - with the cruise company. The latter is Malaysian billionaires Lim Kok Thayn entertainment and the casino company.
Apollo invested $1 billion Norwegian Cruise company in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise floated on the company that made public in January 2013.
According to the published data Gentingin share of the company was 28 per cent, Apollo 20 per cent and private capital investment company TPG Capital LP share of the end of June 8 per cent of the forward.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise - the companies together calculated on the share of the North American the capacity of a cruise is 82 per cent, shows the prestige Cruise - in connection with the launch of the shares in the company from publishing registration document.
The city board is addressing this issue today.
Animalia hopes of a strong support for the city government initiative.
The executive director Anima dirt, Tampere University PhD students for condemning the risk of rises, according to a dolphinarium in Finland and around the world should be completed soon.
In recent years around the world is, thankfully, the widespread view that dolphins developed mammals such as carrying dolphinariums is not humane ethical and sustainable.
This view would also perceived to Tampere.
Not only is the abolition of the dolphinarium the right to question the animal, also the question of Tampere image as a tourist destination, condemning the risk of notes.
The pretend dolphin condemning the risk of death to strengthen requirements the dolphinarium winding down.
Nasienna death is sad to see a continuation of the ridge of the peninsula dolphinarium dark history.
It is time to put a stop to the toll of death, to close the prison of dolphins, and begin to see how the dolphins could be transferred to the maritime area demarcated, a kind of dolphins shelters, condemning the risk of demands.
Pretend not had time to experience a return to the dolphins to the original habitat, but hopefully the rest of the särkänniemi live dolphins have time to experience the yet more lives than stimulating concrete, condemning the risk of hopes.
The aim of the animal protection association Anima dirt is that all species of animals from circuses in the pipeline would prohibit the use of the Animal Welfare Act in the overall reform.
Here are among the ranks of dolphinariums.
In support of the requirement in condemning the risk of executive director of Anima dirt 1.9. today to protest on behalf of the Dolphins.
The embassy does in Helsinki in Japan at the expression of the mind takes a stand against dolphin hunting through due to open in Japan.
During hunting season are imprisoned or killed cruelly every year around 2,300 dolphins, either the dolphinarium use or food.
Putin calls for a new state of Kiev to open negotiations with the list
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted Sunday that the government of Ukraine to end the fighting against the separatists in the eastern regions of the country and to begin consultations immediately resign "mais on a new state" in the region, Russian news sources are telling.
His representative, Dmitry Peskov later clarified that Mr Putin have meant that the separatists in eastern Ukraine to dominate the region should be part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine need to look again, in order to give the Russian-speaking population of the power to defend their rights and interests.
Putin's the Kiev government's requirement of russian-minded negotiations with the rebels as equal negotiating partners is responsible for his apparent its strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists to take over the region and to force the Ukrainian government in practice to provide the newly poster restricted Novorossijalle independence through which it can be with Russia instead of the West.
State TV channel Canal 1 - during the interview, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's attempts to seize back controlled by separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Lugansk region, where the separatists captured in March and April connected to the Moscow's annexation of Ukraine's Crimean peninsula on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped in the region's "Novorossijaksi", "a new Russian" - that the term to remind the Russian empire face revolutions prior to the days.
The ITAR-TASS Russian news agency, Putin said that the planned peace talks are "an illusion" as long as Ukrainian politicians take campaigns in parliamentary elections on October 26, and government forces are attacking areas controlled by separatists against civilians.
"We must immediately begin the extensive negotiations, not just the technical points, but also of society organisation and the south-east of Ukraine on the role of the state. This will take into account the interests of the people who live there, "he says.
Peskov, Putin's reference to the "mais on a new state" linked to the wider independence, which has been debated for months with the Kiev leadership of its effort to dispel fears of the Russian-speaking regions of the fact that their cultural and linguistic rights would be under threat.
Only the Ukrainian government can grant eastern regions of the independence of their needs, Peskov says.
This issue will not be able to hold talks between Russia and Ukraine, Peskov says, "because it is not the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict."
Heckling from the Kremlin's representative, which was designed to remedy of Putin's comments' wrong interpretation, "stressed that the Russian regime is on the eastern regions of the separatist rebellion in a different way than in the case of Crimea, when it virtually seized the region, whose 2 million people in the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even in Donetsk and Lugansk regions of eastern Ukraine, because the majority living in the territory of 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian and because of prior to the conflict, according to opinion polls, the majority of people were in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats are discussed in international forums, would give Ukraine's local governments to agree on the law in our own a trade deal and on Foreign Relations, which would allow the Kremlin for virtually power in the region, which unites Russian Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in Russia, as well as commercial shipping the head fleet harbor areas and the historic coastal destinations.
Russia's Rostov between Crimea and in the affected area is also the mines, factories and metallinsulattamoita, who produce the Russian army essential goods.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed inaugural address on 7 June, that the Ukrainian legislators - after new elections - are considering amendments to the constitution, in order to increase the core area of those regions of Ukraine power to decide on their own economy and language status.
His vision for independence, however, seems to be sharp to that of the Kremlin and perhaps of Moscow and foment armed separatist sentiment.
Putin's latest claims the Kiev government russian-minded negotiations with the rebels as equal partners, after the rebels was moving more last week Russian tanks and troops in east Ukraine since the invasion by peaceful area from the Azov Sea coast.
Ukraine's security authorities fear that Russian separatists supported by taking in the hands of the city of Novoazovsk is the start of a larger effort, which is intended to take over the whole of the strategically important Crimea until coastal area.
It has led to massive civilians and the municipality of a person of the Army to strengthening the city of Mariupol. Half a million people in Mariupol is known as a port city of steel production, which is located in Novoazovsk and the Crimean peninsula to lead to a narrow land in between.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday in Brussels, leaders of the European Union, begging for further action to prevent future violations of Russia in Ukraine, the former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach the point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
In the territory of Ukraine now has thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit did not make decisions on the direct action; Leaders of drawing up the additional sanctions, so that they may be imposed if the crisis in Ukraine flare up again in unexplained circumstances.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their posts in the territory of Ilovaiskin two Russian armor Division 1 000 and relocation to a soldier last week in the Donetsk region to reinforce the separatists in difficulty, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's national security and defence council representative, told reporters on Saturday in Kiev.
According to Lysenko, the first Russian Ilovaiskissa encircling 63 soldiers to Ukraine in exchange of 10 Russian parachutist, who was imprisoned in the territory of Ukraine a week ago.
The first goal of the virtuoso Japan Milan's Keisuke Honda for the seventh game minutes.
The second at half-time was hit first by Sulley Muntari and a little later Jeremy Menez with a penalty spot cannonball.
Lazio was decreasing goal after the final moments of the game penalty, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio Candrevan draw.
Lopez was transferred to Milan this for Real Madrid.
The former Milan kon remained in the attack Inzaghi coaching debut San Siro the epicurean stadium was only half full.
The match was notified of the working group of 39 000 spectators.
Australialaisjulkkikset and Gabi Grecko the naked photo scandal vortex
Geoffrey Edelsten has expressed his astonishment at hackers may have stolen his his fiancee and Hollywood (a for the sake of the list Gabi greckon nude pictures.
Entertainment in the world is kuhissut, after a series of Jennifer Lawrence nude pictures were published on the Internet as a result of a broad celebrity photo hacking scandal.
Hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 nude pictures hunger-star game Lawrence and other superstars, such as's next top model Cara and Kate Upton Delevingnestä, singer Rihanna Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunstan.
The Australian actors' Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Greckon images appear to have been stolen iCloud leak context.
On the list is 101 celebrity names.
Last month greckoa kosinut Edelsten a confidential said, "This is sickening."
Any personal contacts and, should remain as a private images.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and spread.
In New York Greckon is reported to have been commenting on the case online newsletter "shameful" and said that the victims "feel thoroughly discredited."
Hacker is believed to be 30 Palmer describes this previous boyfriend Scott Speed mania with, including two sample Palmer topless on the edge of basin.
Palmer the film's merits orderer is one of the film "Love and Honor" co-star Liam Hemsworthin with.
Palmer, chuck of the series star Strahovski and Sucker Punch - Actress browningia hacked images do not comment yesterday.
Lawrence representative said TMZ magazine that "there is an outrageous violation of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen was angry hacker tweets: "Mobile phones stolen images publication is different from any sale of stolen product."
The publication of the stolen images should not make it possible for just a legal point of view.
Finland played almost as on home soil and rose to sensational Cuba volleyball World Cup victory.
See Pictures fan exhilaration.
The Polish Katowice was on Monday, White: There is a Polish white and red but the Finnish blue and white.
Finland's victory was followed by Spodek arena in almost 2000, according to Finnish supporters.
I felt like it would be played at home.
So a big impact on the fans was the game, the Finnish captain Antti Siltala STT said.
Finland was game drop already erin 0-2, but rose by erin 3-2 victory.
The fourth instalments Finland did Miracle rise six points behind.
Cuba led to a lot already 16-10, but since then, the Finns were on top of bliss.
Hundred Finnish fans, however, was disappointed when the field, a charter plane was not able to land in Katowice, due to heavy fog.
So to Warsaw match ended up with fans of delays.
The Finns ball sports fans have conquered Europe hard pace in recent days.
The Finnish fans in Bilbao FIBA World Cup is here for more than 8000.
As if each of the car would have been a match profit basket, the US star player Stephen Curry praised Finnish the car fans after Saturday's match.
The board of governors meeting will not be sent directly because of technical problems
Kouvola city council meeting today is not able to look online, live coverage.
The city, according to press the consignment is not possible because of technical problems.
The city of kouvola regrets this situation.
Jälkitallenteen may consider a couple of days of the meeting.
Kouvola city council meetings must have been able to look through the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time, the decision will be able to follow the live 13.10.2014.
The board of governors meeting videos can be found at http://www.kouvola.fi/index/aikuisvaestolle/paatoksenteko/valtuustoverkossa.html and kouvola City's YouTube channel.
