Kuopion Juankosken city is linked to the city at the beginning of the year 2017.
Kuopion liitoksen was unanimously approved by the City Council on Monday.
Juankosken liitoksen was approved by the City Council last week.
In discovering kuntaliitoksen Tuusniemen was also involved in the municipality, but the council decided that the Tuusniemi to continue as an independent.
Kuopio Juankoski and decide on the implementation of the next kuntavaalien separately.
Municipal elections will be held next year in 2016.
After the accession of the Kuopion Juankosken has a population of approximately 111 000.
The prime ministers of India and Japan will meet in Tokyo
India 's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets Japanese counterpart Shinzo Aben in Tokyo, to discuss the financial and economic turvallisuussuhteista, after the first major visit outside Lithuania since his May election victory.
Five-day Modin 's visit to Japan is intended to strengthen economic relations with the world 's third largest economy.
The plans are at the top of an expanded keskustelunaiheiden ydinvoimayhteistyöstä.
India, too, has been said to be interested in an puolustusyhteistyösopimuksesta with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine 's troops to shoot civilians
On Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin accused the Kiev leadership that these Itä-Ukrainan are refusing to direct political talks with the separatists.
The current Kiev 's leadership does not want to carry out essential political debate with the eastern part of his country, Putin said, according to the news agency Itar-Tassin.
He also said that the separatists Venäjä-mieliset, which Kiev and the West say the Agenda of the Russian army, tried to push Ukrainian forces away from their hetkisistä in their seats, where Putin said that Ukraine 's armed forces shoot civilians.
These Miliisitaistelijoiden objective is to push it away from the armed forces and their tykistönsä, so that they will not get the chance to shoot the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The incident took place on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It has surprised that quite porukkaa was already in the early evening.
Visitors were expected in two days, Tom Kangas promottori says.
Seinäjoki hiphop Festival 'was held for the third time.
Next year, again.
We are going to be still hiphop-festarit, i.e. poppia has not been forthcoming, Kangas assure.
In Finland, enters into force on Tuesday, a law that restricts the acquisition in substances for the manufacture of explosives.
In future, individuals must apply for permission to buy Poliisihallitukselta or keep possession of such substances or mixtures, which could be used in explosives as a so-called lähtöaineena.
Such substances are an vetyperoksidi - nitrometaani - typpihappo - kaliumkloraatti - kaliumperkloraatti, both natriumkloraatti natriumperkloraatti and mixtures containing them, if certain pitoisuusarvot are exceeded.
Vetyperoksidia, for example, is cleaning and cleaning, but the concentrations are those usually exceed the limit values.
Using nitrometaania kiihdytysajossa, for example.
Prior to the entry into force of the law, however, the acquired lähtöaineita must not be allowed to possess and use up until 2 March 2016.
George Websteriä Nairnin and accused Pitlochryn hotelliraiskauksista
In two of the rapes that have occurred in the hotel accused awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the accusations of senior Glasgow during the sitting of the Court of First Instance.
He is accused of rape, which occurred in the province of Pas-de-Calais Perthshiren s-hotellissa Pitlochryn Scotland on 7 June 2013.
A woman Websteriä is accused of "being attacked to attacking this tajuttomassa condition nukkuessa, and are thus unable to make the decision themselves".
In addition to being accused of a second rape Websteriä Ylämailla Nairnissa at Golf View -hotellissa 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Raen, in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh senior Court of First Instance.
Valioliiga: Super Raheem was - Mario was overshadowed - Ilta-Sanomat Valioliiga -
It was only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling again showed why he is regarded as an English football chance mission for the future.
Mr White Hart Lanella was on Sunday, the electronic atmosphere, when Mario Balotellilla strengthened Liverpool Tottenhamin arrived as a guest.
Super Marion debut was promising: Experienced englantilaistoimittajat saw 24-vuotiaan, was done by an Italian on the ground working in a completely different frame of mind than Manchester City -aikoina.
Balotelli huippuvireestään was still a long way off.
An Italian wasted three high-quality maalipaikkaa and a decoy from sixteen syötöstään only half of their own team.
Players already suosikikseen put Pool-kannattajat are waiting for a better future.
Barcelona Liverpool-manageri Brendan Rodgers istutti Balotellin matkanneen Luis Suarezin 's role in the team alongside Daniel Sturridgen. Secondly, as the aggressor.
The team tähtenä kimalsi Balotellin keskikentän diamonds instead of Raheem Sterling, who tökkäsi 3-0-voiton an important avausmaalin over Hugo Llorisin.
Sterling, 19, not only loista tehoillaan.
There is an English Balotellia opponent of 20 cents for a shorter period of time between the lines than a fish in the water.
Quality is not a general pelaajalle, which thank nurmella at best tuntivauhtia of approximately 34 km.
Also, the development of Sterlingin Rodgers deserves great credit.
The Northern Ireland told after the match how Liverpool has systematically developed Wembleyn the increased luoteislontoolaisesta pure laitakiitäjää a more complete player.
Susanna Mälkki was elected to the Helsinki kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestariksi - "I am delighted and proud"
The Helsinki city authorities has decided to appoint the next Susanna Mälkin Helsinki kaupunginorkesterin orchestra ylikapellimestariksi from autumn 2016 onwards.
Newspapers like the Los Angeles Timesiä, have questioned what orchestra he will take next.
Susanna Mälkki says it will start in his new role with great pleasure and pride.
The Helsinki kaupunginorkesteri musiikkielämässä, has played a key role in our country for over 100 years, including Sibeliuksen kantaesittämällä of a large number of music.
A big band, has led to the best Finnish kapellimestarit and I have worked with many of the orchestra members in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation ", he says.
The size of the regimes palkansaajajärjestöjen eläkeneuvotteluasiassa - Kotimaa - Regions - Uutiset - Karjalainen
Today eläkeneuvotteluille are sought for a new impetus to the trade unions of their own kokoontumisista.
SAK palkansaajajärjestöjen 's, Akavan and STTK 's regimes deal with the negotiating situation this morning.
Since then, the actual eläkeneuvotteluita are meant to continue.
The social partners are troubled by, among other things, the dispute over retirement age in a far non-producers.
The organisations have promised työuraratkaisun by the autumn, but according to the latest assessment, it would be this week.
Pihtipudas.
The women rovaniemeläinen lentopallon liigajoukkue Woman Volley Vampulan liiganousija stumbled in its Urheilijoihin Pihtiputaan harjoitusturnauksen Final on Sunday.
The five Vampula väänsi of a drawn-out match 3-2 victory.
The last instalment WoVo lost 15-11.
The neighbour was one step ahead of the whole time.
The battle was good, but it passipelissä Vampula puolustuspelissä and was a little better, the coach saw WoVon Teemu Mäkikyrö.
It was to that extent WoVon kuusikko risainen that Jennifer 190-senttinen amerikkalaissentteri Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
Niemi sentterinä played Sara.
Despite the Karoliina Kyllönen peukalovammastaan had pelikykyinen and formed with Johanna Pekkarisen WoVon tulivoimaisimman combination.
Jenna hakkurina started Jaudzemalle Jana Keskimäki got to make room for the duration of the last tranche of 1.5.
The best part was a skilful Vampulan venäläispassari and libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen, which toured WoVo as much as possible.
Preparing WoVon liigaa will continue in the next Employment coming up next week when HPK Hämeenlinnan becomes harjoitusleirille Rovaniemelle.
The team will face on Saturday, "kauppiksella" at 18 in the Official harjoituspelissä.
On Sunday, face urheiluopistolla once again.
Lidl takoo huge numbers in Finland
The company 's turnover grew Suomen-myymälöiden during tilivuoden, which expired at the end of February, almost 25% of nearly EUR 1.2 billion.
The company tulostietojaan issued on Monday.
In Finland Lidlillä now has a total of 142 outlets, and the expansion is going to continue.
Lidl also told us that the taxes paid last tilikaudelta to Finland almost 14 million euros.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German Lidl-konserniin.
In Finland, the company has more than 4 200 employees.
Ovarian cancer kuollaan more often in sparsely populated areas for contracts hankaloituneen diagnosis and access to treatment,
Angelina Jolie and his brother James have published a video out to be a tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia, the women of those living in rural areas have a higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than those living in towns and cities.
The researchers went through more than 1100 Australians in 2005 munasarjasyöpädiagnoosin of a woman 's medical records and said that only 35% of women, i.e. more than five years after diagnosis.
Susan Jordan recently päätutkija QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute -keskuksesta confirms that those who live in sparsely populated and remote areas, women died during the study by 20% more likely than women living in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer will only be able
The researchers went through terveyshistorian women for seven years.
According to the doctor, Susan Jordan, also a woman 's age at diagnosis time increased type, previous illnesses and the socio-economic situation of the affected selviytymismahdollisuuteen.
When cancer iäkkäämmillä women and the wider spread of the probability of survival at the time of diagnosis was the lowest.
In the sparsely populated and remote regions are living women died during the study by 20% more likely than women living in urban areas.
The study was not designed to explain why those living outside cities, women have a lower likelihood of survival munasarjasyövästä, but Jordan recently regarded as potential reasons for the delayed hankaloitunutta diagnosis and access to care.
"As well as gynaecological onkologian are best for specialist care for this disease, and their vastaanottonsa are located mostly in large cities", Jordan recently says.
Although etäpalveluina are treatments are becoming more frequent and the distance factor is diminishing, in addition to those, the researcher is proposing to increase the mobility of physicians, so that patients erikoislääkärit can play closer to their homes, as well as programmes that help support far away from home to treat patients.
Dr Jordan, according to a study of the long-term selviytymisprosentti women with ovarian cancer is poor, regardless of their geographical location, which highlights the need for better care and better treatment of cancer ehkäisyohjelmia.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön funded research is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia reported.
In March 2012 33-vuotiaalla Gold Coastissa living in Germany munasarjasyöpä Elisha Neavella said Gent.
The city wants to strengthen the Rovaniemen asemakaavalla kelkkaparkkitoiminnan Ystävyydenpuistossa, which is situated next to the Hotel Pohjanhovin.
City authorities decided on Monday that it and its surroundings Ystävyydenpuiston asemakaavaehdotus are placed in public access to preparatory texts Osviittaan shop.
The statements by asking kaavaehdotuksesta ympäristölautakunnalta and Lapland ely-keskukselta.
Through asemakaavamuutoksen this city wants to allow tourism to join moottorikelkkailutoiminnan continued in the region.
The scene is supposed to form the park, which includes the current Ystävyydenpuiston and the area between it and the river.
There will be, according to the motion on 15 November and 30 April period lasting a maximum of 200 moottorikelkkaa.
The region must not be allowed to invest in restructuring tankkauspisteitä also part of it.
Likewise, the new permit puistoalueelle huoltoliikenne.
The city of Rovaniemen Ystävyydenpuiston, is chartered by a region safariyrityksille moottorikelkkailukäyttöön talviaikana.
The lease has been renewed, most recently in the spring of 2014, and the agreement is in force by spring 2018.
Kovaäänistäkin Kelkkaparkkitoiminta and kaavamuutos has provoked resistance.
Both Naapurikerrostalojen inhabitants have been annoyed to vote than worried päästöistäkin.
The region 's emissions, however, has been examined, and studies that have come out of the findings exceed the guidelines.
A renewed kalustokin is the old vähäpäästöisempää.
It also supports Ystävyydenpuistoa parkkialueena that, if the arrivals would be moved further away, the hotel should be transported safariasiakkaat safarien lähtöpaikoille by bus, which had an estimated 15 departure a day.
Lähiympäristö Ystävyydenpuiston region and is, according to the city kelkoille also sufficiently broad, better than korvaaviksi lähtöpaikoiksi Ounasjoen in places such as bridges itäpuoleinen venelaiturin vierus.
On behalf of its location Ystävyydenpuisto is a good reason why, in my view, that the activities will be able in the future to expand Ounaspaviljongin, for example, in the region.
Rovaniemen Parkkitoiminnan consolidation is part of a city development strategy adopted by the City Council, according to which the city is aimed at, among other things, to create a good framework for entrepreneurial activity by allocating sufficient high-quality regions logistically and operationally to places.
Ystävyydenpuisto is listed moottorikelkkailun lähtöpaikaksi also centre osayleiskaavaan, which has not yet entered into force.
The decline reflects omistusasuntojen puutarhamyymälöissä
The reduction in the number of asunnonomistajien, particularly in the under 35 group puutarhamyymälöiden may lead to a reduction in the turnover of tens of millions, when today 's young consumers will reach age pääkohderyhmän puutarhamyynnin, '". The Financial Times said the British Trades puutarha-alan kauppayhdistyksen (Horticultural Association, HTA) research.
According to a report from the Financial Times asunnonvuokraajat are using asunnonomistajien gardening only 55% of the use of money.
The study was also evident from the fact that more and more people are living in a very kaupungistuneissa in dwellings that do not have the gardens. In addition, the size of your garden, when the courtyard of increasingly parkkipaikaksi with. Also, these factors threaten puutarha-alaa, whose estimated value is around £5 billion per year.
In the London region of housing ownership has dropped from 61% to 43% in six years, and in view of there being used per household for the least money throughout the country.
HTA 's and Britain puutarhayhdistyksen (RHS) says that the increase in the number of homes laid or the decline in the size of the garden, however, does not mean that people are not able to grow plants.
RHS 's leading puutarhaneuvoja Guy Barter, says that the ", for example, transferable kasvatusastioissa farm plants are particularly popular amongst asunnonvuokraajien, because such kasvatusastiat muutossa can, if necessary, be included".
HTA 's every year, according to the report, were the years of the renaissance of resale puutarha-alan, because housing ownership and wealth increased at the end of the 1980s by the middle of the 1990s.
The report also predicted that trade improves this year thanks to better weather conditions, the weather in March and April of last year after more dreadful.
Turkey, as a result of interrogating vakoiluraportin American diplomats
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has invited kokeneimman US diplomat in the country to give an explanation of the report, which is carried out by the Americans and the British espionage in Turkey.
The Deputy Prime Minister, according to the US embassy Bulentin asiainhoitaja and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and The Intercept verkkolehti have written, that the United States national security agency (the National Security Agency, the NSA) the former analyst Edward Snowdenin vuotamat documents reveal Turkey 's presence in the US and British intelligence services as the main vakoilukohteena.
According to the Turkish press agency, the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all the large states vakoilleet are of each other.
The earlier report of the German päätiedustelupalvelun to Ankara from spying aikaansai vihaisemman reaction by the Turkish Government.
The new features Cannes-voittaja Croze suomalaiselokuvassa
There have been several menestyselokuvissa kanadalaisnäyttelijä Marie-Josée Croze suomalaiselokuvassa naispääosaan has been devoted to the new.
Croze plays a guide Mikko Kuparisen in the film 2 night and morning, whose descriptions will commence this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes elokuvajuhlien best naispääosan prize for his role in the film barbarians invasion in 2003.
He has appeared in, among other things, Steven Spielbergin in the film Munich, and Julian Schnabelin Perhonen lasikuvussa in the film.
2 for the night and morning -elokuvan miespääosassa is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film gets the Finnish ensi-iltansa in September 2015.
Majorca Magalufin chief accused of corruption
The incident revealed Calviàn issued presented evidence of the police officers and officials from the City Council of Majorca blackmail, the public prosecutor 's office on Friday.
The Majorca lomasaarella Calviàn chief arrested kosteasta juhlimisesta well-known Magalufin baarinomistajien liikkeen- in the region and, as a result of proposed korruptiosyytösten.
Inspector José Antonio Navarro was placed into custody after several of the Punta Ballena -kadun liikkeenomistajat korruptiosyytteitä issued against him. The pound Magalufin Ballena -kadulla are located most of the bars and yökerhoista.
To be published online, according to the daily newspaper Mallorca Diarion gave the incident revealed Calviàn gave evidence of police officers and officials from the City Council from exercising blackmail Majorca anti-corruption prosecutor 's office on Friday.
The Spanish civil guard arrested two other local police in connection with corruption, and they have a judge kuulusteltavina by together with them.
The whole of the country 's daily newspaper yökerhojen wrote for owners vihastuneen authorities of bias, which has made a significant contribution to the nature of their business activities.
"This is not a question of money, but of survival", one liikkeenomistaja said at the Court of Justice.
You do not destroy elinkeinoamme.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was, in many countries the headlines in the press this summer, when the online spread YouTube-video, where lomailija was 18 years old, a British man of 24 suuseksiä during the so-called pub with Crawlin.
Since then, the island 's authorities have been trying to curb Magalufin holidaymakers humaltunutta and uncontrolled behaviour by reducing pahamaineisten - alkoholinkäryisten pub crawlien osanottajamääriä.
Furthermore Playhouse-yökerho, where suuseksivideo described, was ordered shut down for the year, and night-club owner and pub Crawlin järjestäjälle Carnagelle were ordered jointly to pay fines of EUR 55 000.
Above all, among young people, a popular brittituristien Magalufin also turistikohteessa has become popular with the so-called balconing-trendi, which has caused several drinking johtuneita accidents when people are in the second hypänneet parvekkeelta uima-altaaseen parvekkeelta or a hotel.
Israeli children will return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip returned to school Monday after spending the summer in shelters after being attacked by when rockets and bombed their yhteisöitään kranaatinheittimet, which has lasted for 50 days in the war between Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed for the fighting toipuessa in the region.
The opening of schools was a source of joy and tension pommittamissa rockets into southern Israeli communities, but the marks of the fighting are still visible.
In the south, in the town of town Ashdodin Pashosh-päiväkodissa workers removed sirpaleiden liukumäistä traces to disappear from school walls and before the arrival of children, the report also raketin has smashed everything.
"We are a little fearful but also exciting", says Ronit Bart, who live Saad-nimisessä kibbutsissa, in the Israeli kommuunissa, and works englanninopettajana school in the city.
Many people in this region live rutiineja children desperately need.
Bartin 11-vuotiaan 's daughter Shani Bartin, believes that the return to school in a long time, you get to feel "a little bit strange".
"We have had some difficult times in between, when we left home anywhere", he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the town close to the border with the Gaza Strip kibbutsissa offering their support.
Before the start of the ceasefire last week, thousands of residents of border communities such as Saadin were kept indoors or fled from their homes to safer areas further from Gaza to escape from the fire rockets and grenades.
Many of the Gaza front, located in the vicinity of Nahal Ozin Community residents are sceptical with regard to the return of Palestinian kranaatin 4-vuotiaan have killed the boy in the Community.
According to their respective fair ten family had not yet been returned.
The children of these families have been deployed so far in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, a town near the Gaza border, which was the subject of heavy palestiinalaistulituksen.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised that "the children 's education and safety is taken care of".
So far, Israel and Hamas agreed to a ceasefire in force last Tuesday.
A ceasefire stopped fighting immediately, but it did not bring the solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas 'demand for a lifting of the Israeli and Egyptian blockade and opening Gaza 's air and intended again.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas to disarm and bring back the two bodies of the Israeli soldier in the war.
Egypt is expected to mark the beginning of a new round of indirect negotiations later this month.
The Palestinian and the UN estimates that the war has killed more than 2 100 Palestinians, of whom three-quarters were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has had a different view of the number of dead. It says at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it has not been a valid proof of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, among whom were thaimaalainen, among other things, as an employee.
The people of Gaza, Hamas and the other soldiers were shot dead in the fighting kranaattia 4 591 rockets and Israeli towns, mostly in the south.
In turn, the Israeli army took over 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250, 000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 UN to maintain school, which had been changed for provisional suojiksi.
Tens of thousands of people are still in shelters, and the continuing struggles of the start of the education authorities were transferred to the school last week.
"I hope that the school can embark soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and, just as the children of the Jewish people", said a school in Gaza in a city living under the protection of a 13-year-old Mohammad Amara.
According to the standard used in general housing prices have risen most talvikuukausina Australia in seven years.
Australian capital city house prices mittaava RP Data CoreLogic -asuntojen Hedonic price index rose by 1.1% in August, it was evident from the RP 's data on Monday.
With the rise in June, July and August, the increase in prices had a total of 4.2%, which is more than in the same months after 2007.
The annual rise in prices was 10.9%, which is more than two times greater than in August 2013 over the previous 12 months, but prices have not risen evenly around the country.
According to rp Datan tutkimusjohtajan Tim Lawlessin are endless and Melbourne at the top of the price increases.
Rp Datan results show that housing prices rose by 16.1 per cent in Sydney and in Melbourne 11.7% in the previous year.
Adelaiden - Brisbanen and Darwinin asuntomarkkinat are next vilkkaimmat; price increases, the average is five or six per cent.
The weakest asuntomarkkinat are Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4% per year as a result of the government 's spending cuts.
According to Lawlessin Australia started the spring will increase the number of existing homes for sale in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"Given the increase in the sales of homes to be auctioned, a generally lively myyntitahti and the continuing low levels of interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue over the next three months", Lawless says.
Another Gösta-museo has withdrawn its ennätysyleisöjä Mänttään
The new museum and the arts have drawn record yleisöjä Mänttään this summer.
By the end of August Serlachiuksen taidemuseossa has visited more than 70 000 foreign.
The new agenda Gösta-museo was opened in June, and there has been, among other things, Andy pop-taiteen klassikkoteoksia Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
Whereas Mäntän kuvataideviikot kävijäennätyksen told us that they have done on Monday, when the summer Hetkinen-tapahtumassa had visited 14 500 interested.
It is not customary Tälläisiin figures.
People need lapannut doors and windows ", says director Pauli Sivonen Serlachius-museosta.
Sivonen, estimates that the whole of the year kävijämäärä lähentelemään Serlachius-museoissa, this year there will be 100,000.
In previous years, visitors have been around 40 000.
In the middle of the Tampere and the Jyväskylän Mänttä-Vilppulassa, is approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Sivonen museojohtaja to remind you that the new museums are always opening up phenomena.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon", he says.
It is hoped Mäntässä taidekauden continued far over the summer.
The opening of the autumn taidemuseossa näyttelyt are new.
The police are investigating the theft of four recent days Kajaanissa.
On Sunday night Pohjolankadulla liikekiinteistöön broken into by breaking a window.
Factor had received kassakoneesta said that a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday Syväojankadulla had been stolen from a lorry tankista fuel.
Whereas Petäisenniskan venesatamasta had been taken to a boat on Sunday and Monday between perämoottoreineen.
Vaalea soutuvene had Kalapalta-merkkinen from outside and inside kellertevä.
The text was read nokkapuolella Sisälaidassa "perfect".
A couple of suspect steals police had to obtain kiinnikin.
On Sunday night Tikkapurontiellä liikekiinteistöön broken into.
Poliisikoira was given a mark and kuusen parikymppinen paltamolaismies were found in forests from hiding behind what happened.
On Monday, the police nappasi Paltamosta of another man, who is suspected of also murtoon to be guilty of the same.
Missing amfetamiini brought murhasyytteen Kajaanissa
The disappearance of a little less than 10 amfetamiinierän g murhasyytteen was brought to a properly functioning kajaanilaismiehelle, in 1977.
According to the prosecutor, the man had gone avopuolisonsa and with another man to housing and firing haulikolla epäilemänsä exported drugs from the holder of the housing, then 34-vuotiaan kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the charge and claimed the other man ampujaksi brings with it.
This case came to the attention of the police, whereas poliisipartio stopped the car, which had the company had polttamassa verityössä second-hand clothes.
In addition to burnt vaateriekaleiden haulikko cut off was found in the car.
Kainuun käräjäoikeus a judgment at a later date.
In many places, August was unusually warm.
Ilmatieteen according to plant one warm August will be repeated on average once in 10 years.
Ilmatieteen agency statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal throughout the country.
In most parts of the country, there was a discrepancy of one to two degrees.
In July and August because of the heat across the whole of the summer was warmer than normal.
Throughout the summer, the highest temperature in the first week of August mitattiin Porissa, which seemed to be an indicator of 32,8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never halannut me.
He never said to me either
Henry was born seitsenlapsiseen Jamaica Dudleyssa siirtolaisperheeseen originating in the British Midlands in 1958.
The father Henryn Henryn, worked in a factory, and died when he was 19 years old. The boy and the father of a relationship was remote.
Henry harjoittelee now Rudy 's Rare Records -komediashow 'for the MEK, which is based, in part, with his father to go with the debate, and which has been developed on the basis of a series of Radio 4 channel.
Ääniraita is a mixture of reggaeta and rappia upbeat-tahdissa.
Henry has had to go through the painful lapsuusmuistoja.
He has had therapy on several occasions after the death of his mother, and he is thinking about a lot of his relationship with his father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only voice said: Stop making a fuss.
Leave siskosi peace.
Do not move!
I think now cricket.
The older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults in me when I was a child, went with their father at the and discussed oluttuopin, for example, or parading krikettilyönnin beauty.
I have never spoken with him on those issues.
Most of my life, for me, she was it hymytön man on the corner, reading the newspaper is.
Henry opened recently metallinsulattamon Dudleyssa and got such an idea of what kind of his father 's life must have been, even though the working conditions are now better than it was then.
Nowadays Sulattamot are a little brighter but they are, in practice, in the dark, then savuisia - labyrinttimaisia syvyyksiä, where syöksähtelee flames, smoke and soot tuonelan, and who bring to mind.
The father had a tendency to go kylpyyn and the only country ammeessa, and slowly he began to sing yourself pestessään Sulattamon dirt away from itself.
Walking around Sulattamon, I understood that he had done this job for years and years to equip us with food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite the proximity of parents Henryn from childhood was missing.
My father was never either halannut and never said to me.
It was only when my mother started sairastella a little before his death we started to repeat to each other, that we love each other.
With Frenchin Henryllä has Billie-tytär Dawn, and through their own child, he has been able to share its love, which, as a child, he himself was missing.
Is it your whole time toisteltava "banner you"?
Stop it now already halailu!
A father, I am 22!
With Dawn Frenchin.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother
Henry is still a good friend with Frenchin, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why Dawn and I are friends?
She is a great mother.
Henryn in their own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons which led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer from obesity and abundant diabetes-oireista, then lääkärini ordered me to make a U-turn.
Since then, I have some exercise a lot, and I had to start with a tough dieetti vähentääkseni symptoms.
It is very difficult -
And dull.
Nobody enjoys eating carrots.
A well-known Henryn, short beard, perhaps, describes her transformation from an during their career development.
After receiving Othellona kriitikoilta much good feedback on the role he is immersed in the making of the theatre.
The next item was a comedy series and fences, August Wilson ("Fences").
The conclusion of the theatre, offers a different experience than sitcomit and komediat, which Henry has done throughout the busy careers.
Henry started only 16 when he was in the area of a factory worker.
At one stage, he saw a DJ doing imitaatioita and contacted -kykykilpailuun New Faces.
In the middle of the 1970s Henryn tv-ura began. "For quite a long time I was TV 's only black imitaattori and the comedian", he says.
The work of Henry learned in doing so.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn how to produce jokes a few years 1975-1985, while at the same time the body tähteyttä and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny -kykykilpailussa New Faces in 1975
Henryn managerilla had näyttämöoikeudet The Black and White Minstrel Show 'hun, light-touch viihdeohjelmaan, where people appeared mustaihoisiksi meikattuina, so Henry koomikoksi went on the programme for a period of five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would ever be involved in it, but I do not regret it.
Although my position was a bizarre and objectionable, I got to do some work on a massive events, and I learned how to deal with the public.
Still, "britti-tv 's rewarded, multiannual viihdeohjelma favourite and light at the same time" was a "grotesque parody blacks of people".
Henry worked in the 80s in the second komediasarjassa, which both made fun of that - black British culture being under.
In The Lenny Henry Show, the first episode was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s, for example, was once known as the Henry hahmostaan chef Gareth Blacklockina komediasarjassa Chef!
It is the next decade of Henry observed advertisements, the dokumenttien, with tv-sarjojen and elokuvaosien, but the BBC in 2008 after he undertook LennyHenry.tv-sarjansa said to themselves: 'What are you going to move on to the next, Len - it now seems that only poljet paikallasi kuljet or processes ".
The next item was Radio 4 Abandoned dokumenttisarja 'What 's So Great About...? ".
The first part was devoted to Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It has not really been taught to us in school properly, and I think it was the white middle class, which uses sukkahousuja, and who has the money.
Therefore Shakespeare-aihe gave me the fear.
All persons in the programme haastattelemamme - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: "To investigate.
Don 't reject the whole idea before you know what you did.
The words tapaile and ymmärrät, why do we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry Othellon said 20 lines of the last speech for the documentary, and he had been sold.
I knew that I will be able to do this.
It seemed almost as if a part of me had been missing before, and now it is marginalised.
'This is what it is all about, this is important, and so do not take it seriously, do our säkeesi, doing little taustatutkimusta.
It was, therefore, a tough Harjoitteluprosessi, and I read the scene for months before it was carried out.
This show was ultimately a success.
Apparently, it was expected to fail, but that is exactly what has happened.
Soon after that, Henry komediassa errors played a leading role.
The British suddenly näyttelin kansallisteatterissa and I really could not believe it to be true.
At one point I was thinking of the idea: "Oho, you have changed".
Again, the play had technical problems, and Henry knew clearly that it was his job to entertain the audience.
"A small voice in my mind said to me:" You have to be able to survive alone for 10 minutes, until the computer works again "".
Instead, an assistant director, announced that the motion will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out of the scene, and part of me huokaisi a sigh of relief.
It is not my responsibility,
I can leave it in the hands of others.
"You are part of the spectacle, hold roolissasi '
Henry -näytelmässä Duchess-teatterissa 'Fences'
Training vuorosanojen -näytelmään "Fences" was a challenge.
Panic is a good thing, it makes the man 's more sustainable.
This, too, this show was well received, so it was as if a sign jumalilta; 'This is what you have to do ".
This, of course, Henry tells KUMEALLA voice.
So, I decided to stick to this.
I love most sincerely for this work.
I love harjoitteluhuoneita.
Henry is, however, still essentially a comedian: Small huumorinpoikaset continued to interrupt our conversation when changing her imitaatiosta to another.
Abstinence Stand-up-komiikasta has tahdonkysymys, because getting immediate praise tuntemattomalta from the public seems dangerous.
If it is constantly janoat, this can lead to an impasse.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time Apollo-teatterilla, when it appears, but in general it will no longer inspire me in the same way as before.
I ask Henryltä, whether he or she will no longer have to go for another stand-up-kiertueelle.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the director, which will help to shape the whole journey of initial, mid-term and at the end, and I do not believe that I would never give up the feeling.
This, then, is his novel jälleensyntymisensä?
I think so.
I consider näyttelemisestä -
It is really fun.
Constantly Näytellessä told the story, and in that role I enjoy.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya will compile a register of officials to remove the "haamutyöntekijät"
Kenya has started to develop a biometric register officials in an attempt to remove the "haamutyöntekijät" government palkkalistoilta.
The workers, who are not registered in a register for the next two weeks, should no longer pay, the government 's announcement was announced.
The government suspects that thousands are still being paid a salary for their virkamiestehtävänsä after leaving.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to eradicate corruption in the public sector took office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit, 'haamutyöntekijöiden' salaries and other financial abuses, it took a month of at least one million dollars.
The government suspects that wages will be paid to account even after a person has died or left virkamiestehtävänsä, the BBC 's Wanyama Chebusiri Nairobista reported from the capital.
All civil servants must declare themselves register tunnistuskeskuksissa during the next few weeks, in order to ensure that their data is stored biometrisessä rekisteröintimuodossa, was told of the government 's announcement.
According to the press release of all who leave this to be done without a proper reason, removes palkkalistoilta.
"This measure will significantly streamlining the public sector, as it is defined, how many people really works in their posts. In addition, it will vindicate palkkalistoja at both levels of government. This will be resolved" haamutyöntekijöiden "problem", says Anne Waiguru, decentralization and planning ministry for an official from the Cabinet.
The outcome of the 2015 financial year Seinäjoen can stay at EUR 25.5 million deficit, unless the city menokehitystään and adjust its activities in a tense economic situation.
On the basis of the current talousarviovalmistelun vuosikate is falling around 9.4 million deficit.
As potential tehostamiskeinoina on display were compromising on the scope and level of services, as well as purchases of services, property sales and grants, as well as tax and increasing maksutuottojen.
Investment in the 10 million euro karsintatavoitteesta together has 8.5 million.
The situation in the local authorities, there will be no relief.
Municipalities imposed new obligations, insufficient growth in tax revenues, rising unemployment and the valtionosuuksien of a 5% cut will undermine prospects even further.
Talousseminaarin is aimed at finding new ways to balance the economy.
City authorities have agreed on the fact that savings have to be made.
The ship must be translated into objective under the strategy, the chairman of the City Council, says Kimmo Heinonen.
City authorities returned the proposals yet valmisteltaviksi management team.
Councillor budjettivalmistelun are the proposals on the basis of a council talousseminaarissa Framissa on Monday 8 September.
Following valtuustoseminaarin draft budget is progressing through lautakuntakäsittelyn kaupunginhallitukseen and a local council.
Dozens turkkilaispoliisit were arrested on suspicion of a "juonista" against the government
In total, 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "the government 's anti-labour juonista", local medialähteet are telling.
Police officials have not commented on immediately.
According to the newspaper Hurriyet Daily News, was among those arrested in the 14 high-level police officials.
Part of the police officers was in connection with last December korruptiotutkimuksiin, which were targeting government officials, including four ministers in the government.
In July, several police officers were arrested in Turkey, accused of organising a vast tapping rikollisvyyhden and follow.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who acted as Prime Minister at the time), said the police action is part of the Fethullah islamistijohtaja Gullenin against him and others in power ahead of the planned operation.
All of the children will not return to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine 's schools opened their doors on Monday (1 September) following the summer holidays.
This is traditionally a day for families, and, like thousands of other ukrainalaisvanhempien also Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
At the same time, he told the journalists expecting that all schools have not opened up again, but he said he was committed to defending the land for future generations:
The first day of the September ceremony is not commemorated in every school.
The whole of Ukraine is not at peace.
We need to fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole of the enormous ukrainalaisrintaman must fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a leading teacher Slavianskin at school, where the daughter of Yatsenyukin, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will come back at last and that the children can get the kind of learning, which will be of use to them in the future.
The celebrations of the first school children are traditionally kirjaillut shirts, with giving ilmapallot and flowers to teachers.
According to Texas Perry libellous twiitti was illegal
Texas Governor Rick Perry vahvistetulta Twitter-tililtä sent on Sunday night between piiriasianajajasta libellous image of Democrats, one that allegations of abuse of power.
Tweetti was removed at a later date, and it was followed by another tweetti, which Perry vowed, that he has nothing to do with the picture.
Unauthorised Tweetti sent tililtäni.
"I do not accept tweettiä and I have removed it", it said in a subsequent publication.
Perry selvennyspyyntöihin taustajoukot did not immediately responded to.
Although tweetit sent Perry vahvistetulta Twitter-tililtä, it is unclear who published the picture.
The first twiitti contained defame pilakuvan Travisin piiriasianajaja Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry Lehmbergin blocked funding for the post, when he refused to resign, which led to a grand jury different assembly this month, Perry was being accused of. Perry is a potential candidate for the presidential election in 2016.
Tweetin title was: "I do not drive always drunk, three times the permitted higher promillemäärillä... But then when it happens, I blame Governor Perry for pointing the finger at the projection".
I am in the Texas humalaisin democrat.
A large Lehmbergin agency has not led to the jury against Mr Perry on the research.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, the San Antioniossa operate erikoissyyttäjä, whose republikaanituomari Ruling for the job.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the charges a political juoneksi.
His powerful oikeusaputiiminsä has asked for the matter to nursing a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law, on the basis of which the longest period in office for Texas governors are accused, is against the Constitution peilattuna unclear.
Mr Perry has cut $7.5 million in government subsidies for the country 's public integrity unit, which operates and manages Travisin in the public sector the accusations when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry 's decision prompted the left-leaning group that relies on giving a formal complaint on the matter.
Perry confirmed Twitter-tiliä will be updated on a regular basis - and sometimes also kuuluisasti.
After entering the fifth place during the 2012 Iowan presidentinvaalikampanjansa during an election meeting at Mr Perry uhosi tasapeliin Twitterissä by publishing an image of itself in the text of a famous lenkkeilemässä Täältä 'will, the South-Carolina! "Well.
According to Berkeleyn asuntomarkkinat are back to 'normal'
One of the most important developers in London, has warned that the south-east asuntomarkkinat are "returned" to normal aktiivisuustasolle.
The capital city of London housing has suffered an enormous demand and a sharp rise in fuel prices while, at the same time, it is feared the widespread luottokuplaa, which led the Bank of England to impose restrictions asuntolainoille in June.
A high level 's promoter Berkeleyn founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "the current talousvuoden, from the outset, the number of markets and shops have returned normal after the 2013 piikin" and added that this has made it possible to achieve a "stable environment".
The London housing market went well during the recession, hordes of foreign investors in the capital city.
According to data from the Land Registry house prices in the city rose by 18.5% from the previous year and thus clearly exceeded the average rate in England and Wales, which was 6.7%.
The private Berkeleyn, affordable opiskelijarakennusten keskimyyntihinnat and went up to around a fifth of the previous year, achieving a rise in the price of £423 000 by the end of April.
The stronger pound has, however, made the London property less attractive in recent months - part of the interest have also contributed to the new kiinteistöverolait and the political rhetoric about the possibility of a "kartanoverosta" before the May yleisvaaleja.
London kiinteistönvälittäjä Foxtons warned last week that the April asuntolainaraportti, where stricter lainausmääräyksistä told, would lead matalampaan markkinakasvun levels and with regard to buildings myyntimäärien that prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England 's latest data showed on Monday that the number of approved loans fell in July, which indicates viileneviin asuntomarkkinoihin.
Hamptons International kiinteistönvälittäjä has fallen from the 2015 ennustettaan London property prices. According to that, prices fall 3%, because the price asunnonomistajien opinion mittaava index has already started to suffer.
The number of shops in the more expensive regions of London Chelseassa, has tippunut Kensingtonissa Mayfairissa and a quarter of a year ago, wa kiinteistönvälittäjä Ellis says.
The demand for homes in the capital, however, is a blessing Berkeleylle, which increased income for property sold for more than £2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that the "well planned", with the right product, the demand for top-quality sijainneilla has remained stable and, consequently, sales have remained very strongly ".
In June, the company told myyneensä 3 742 new homes of April in the year before. This is almost a third more than the economic crisis at the time of the previous peak in 2007.
Capita annual before tax profits rose by 40% over a year ago, the case of 380 million pounds and turnover increased by 18% to £1.6 billion.
Pidgley vuosikokousta said on Monday before the company, that the current Berkeleyn year 's earnings are in line with market expectations.
Analysts agree that a victory for the whole of the year before tax is £450 million.
The afternoon Berkeleyn share sold steadily on the London stock exchange at a price of £23,96.
Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuvia hakkeri leaked online
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th Annual Academy Awards -palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
Hakkeri, which claims to possess, for the sake of 100 other Oscar-näyttelijä leaked pictures of Jennifer Lawrence nakukuvia an.
The representative Nälkäpeli-tähden, confirmed that the pictures are genuine and condemned hakkerin "outrageous violations of privacy".
The authorities have been contacted, and all of the people who publish the stolen pictures of Jennifer Lawrence will be able to obtain the allegations.
The images which originally published 4chan-kuvanjulkaisusivulla, were apparently ended up in the wrong hands because of the weakness of Apple iCloud-tallennusjärjestelmän. For the sake of 100 other hakkeroinnin are allegedly on the list of dozens of other naistähtiä, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed said.
It is not known how many of the pictures are genuine, albeit against Scott Pilgrim The World -tähti Winstead condemned hakkeroinnin Twitterissä.
"To those who are watching me and my husband home yksityisyydessä years ago by images: Hopefully, you have a good mind", Winstead twiittasi.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly" and "Victorious" -sarjojen Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, and twiittasi, 'that seems to me to these so-called alastonkuvat are counterfeit, do you not understand ".
Allow me to put a stop to this in the bud.
Buzzfeedin, announced late Sunday that Ariana poptähti Granden representative denied the authenticity of the images of the stars.
Only we Jacobsonin Howard 's grip on the praise for the contribution of the new novel, which tells of love and j-kirjaimesta
They liukenivat, it is best described as what has been happening, gradually they irtosivat each other than pahvilaatikko has been left out of the rainfall.
Only then, he heard a woman, that it was too serious, arduous, intensive, disengagement, and perhaps also a little piikikäs.
Then he heilautti put it.
He identified piikikkään.
Yes, he had piikikäs, than siili.
Her piikkiensä was the most recent victim was in the early stages of a relationship, which had, however, been a promising; had seemed that this relationship would have been able to make it easier for his lonely tylsyyttään, and it would perhaps have been able to bring to his life even as something of substance.
Ailinn Solomonsilla had kesyttämättömät hair and he was at the heart of the delicate hentoinen kaunotar iloluontoisella, a northern village, which was even more prosaic and away from everything as Port Reuben.
He had come to the South with the older matkakumppanin, which had expected to be his Kevern tätinsä. Täti had inherited a house, which was situated paratiisimaisessa kosteassa but in the valley, and the name of the valley was conveniently Paratiisilaakso.
No one in the house has not been lived in for years.
Pipes vuotivat, in all kylpyhuoneissa had hämähäkkejä, then etanat had left their mark on windows, the whole place as their own, the garden grew from weeds, who reminded the gigantic kaalinpäitä.
At all mökki had as children, while at the same time, threatening and magical, puutarha full of secrets.
Writer said: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" has provided over Booker-kirjallisuuspalkinnon in 2014.
Ehdokkuudet is published next week
Kevern Ailinnin had sat hand in hand with a long rikkinäisillä terassituolilla Hay should in the middle, enjoying surprisingly warm keväisestä in the afternoon, both listening to a receiver costing hajamielisesti, via which the whole country has heard tyynnyttävää music and reassuring news, whereas Ailinnin ristityt, solar ruskettamat feet brought Kevernin reminiscent of a song, which was a black laulanut long ago forgotten esiintyjä, which his father had often listened mökin sälekaihtimet low.
Jalkasi is too great.
Such mighty songs were, in principle, too aggressive, and they played no longer vastaanottimessa.
They have not been banned - nothing has actually been banned - they are no longer just played.
They wanted to leave to oblivion, such as myself, the word unholakin.
Public opinion has achieved what the laws and put julistamisella has not been achieved: Just as in the field of literature, people chose from heroes muistelmia, of keittokirjoja and romansseja, music, they prefer balladeja.
Kevern villiinnyttämänä today began to dial a fictitious pianoa and sing the arrogant serenadia Ailinnin big legs koomisella voice.
Ailinn is not understood.
"It was Fats jazzpianisti Wallerin a famous song", Kevern told him and raised at the same time, by its very nature, the two finger at its mouth.
That is how his father had always done, before 'j' slip she -kirjain went on.
It began as a fight between her and the father when he was small.
His father pelanneensa told the same game with his own father.
If päästit suustasi j: The beginning of the word, and you are remembering to express two finger at the front, the jouduit to pay a penny.
It was not very nice at the time of the game, and it was not one now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of something like that.
The banned Jazziakaan had not actually been declared, it has just been played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life there was only room for one jos-sanalle.
At the start of a song, people wanted to know exactly where it would come to an end.
Nokkeluudelle had been in the same way.
Its unpredictability brought people on edge.
And jazz was the music that expressed via nokkeluutta.
Although Kevern has not been heard from 10 years of age, by Sammy Davis junioria, then jazz-musiikki had become familiar with him through his father puolisalaisen CD-kokoelman.
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Given Ailinnin age was likely, that he remembered the time when popular singers were not black.
Here too, therefore, did not require laws rather than coercion.
Obedience society meant that each of its parts, accepted with gratitude - the gratitude, for the fact that they were saved from trade than happiness - the principle according to which each group made it the natural elements.
On the basis of their characteristics temperamenttinsa and physical afro-karibialaiset sukujuuret histories are best viihdyttämään and into sport, so they, and ran for it.
Initially, India were coming from the continent as inherently talented with electrical equipment and, therefore, their task was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used to deal with matters.
Those who were left of the Polish community, worked putkimiehinä; Greeks broke the last lautasia.
When the SE, then MITÄ happened, JOS happened came true, they were Persianlahdesta and hail Lähi-Idästä, whose grandparents were not swiftly fled for fear of being charged with flames roihahtamisesta and the fear that those flames reach the next to them, have opened restaurants, where I saw labneh-jogurttia and burned vesipiippua, and prolonged the lives and eyes of the country luotuina tylsyyteen masentuneina.
Let each and every one, according to lahjojensa.
Ailinn was heard only balladeja, and he was difficult to understand how Kevernin just laulamat offensive words had never been musiikiksi to dress.
The love expressed through music.
"No, they are not really insulting", Kevern said.
Except perhaps isojalkaisten thinks.
My father never offended anyone, but this song got him.
He had already said too much, but rejected puutarha created an illusion of security.
Not a single word of levies be passed through a giant kaalinpääkasvien newspaper äänieristyksen.
Ailinn is not yet understood.
Why should father loved something like that?
He intended to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise the finger at two company huulilleen Ailinnin.
Ailinn gave him strange right now.
"It was a father 's people laugh", he said instead.
Ailinn pudisti its head in disbelief, and he covered his hair Kevernin terms.
Nothing else to see here in the whole world than Ailinnin huge variksenmusta hiuspehko.
Nothing more than that he did not want to see.
"If you say so", he said, but not did vakuuttuneelta.
It does not, however, explain why tune it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely baffled.
Whether or not my foot so big?
She looked again.
Are you really jalkasi are not large.
Nilkkasi, perhaps, a little bit...
And you vihaat me because nilkkani are too fat?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He would have been able to say 'banner you', but it was still too early for that.
"You are, I think, because of the charming paksujen nilkkojesi", he tried to remedy the situation.
I have a perverse sense.
This was not helpful.
He had wanted it sounded nice.
Often, when he wanted hauskuuttaa, the effect was quite different, because for him, as for her isältäänkin, was missing from the convincing charmi, where vitsien cruelty can control.
Perhaps his father was meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same.
Despite lempeistä sight.
Ailinn Solomons terassituoliltaan punastui and went up and down at the same time läikytti and a receiver of wine, which they just were drunk.
Only viinikin had been seljankukista, and so he could not have used törmäilyn, is the cause.
Hermostuneisuudessaan, he seemed tärisevän, than palmupuun press storm.
"And you have got into the thick of it, what consequences sinussa appeals to me", he said....
Not only does it seem to me.
Kevern was unhappy Ailinnin, as well as their own, unnecessarily cruel because of the words that, because of its fear, which was reflected in the eyes of this at a time when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Ailinn Luuliko that he would?
She had never told Kevernille life hyisessä northern archipelago, where he had grown up, but the Kevern was sure that, in essence, it had been the same as life here too.
The same huge hyinen sea, who aaltoili against them.
The same mixed feelings about men, albeit after what has happened, yet kalpeammat and pirullisemmat than salakuljettaja- and hajottajaisovanhempansa - vaelsivat pubista pubiin, ready to kill each and every woman who would dare to oppose kiusoitella or to them.
Thick head?
Yet he could see a thick nyrkin, unless, of course, be careful!
First - Imuta pussaamisesta had become the most common cause of a man and a woman 's erotic encounter a telling word; a receiver out of the orders placed by extraction imuta petty rakkausballadien antidote - at first, and then attacked.
Kevernin is of the view that even that was too much, because the already imuttaminen itself was hostile.
Ailinn Solomonsin kehonkieli urged him to leave.
He withdrew himself terassituolista up like an old man.
Ailinn uupuneeksi also felt, but the depth of grief Kevernin has surprised him.
No, this was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn followed his move on - just as her matkakumppaninsa watched the rigid Kevernin yläkerran window - a man who was himself responsible for the heavy lives.
Departing aatami puutarhasta, he wondered.
He did an hour towards säälintunnetta Keverniä and men in general, even if some of them had raised their hands against him iskeäkseen.
Their back turned, then kumarainen, of häpeävä, a beaten man, which had disappeared from all starts - why he felt that that was a sight so familiar to him, even though he failed, that would have never previously seen that, before this moment?
When Ailinn Solomons was once again alone, he felt that the legs.
A few years before an event that has just been outlined in an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked for the opinion of Yleistä mittaavassa Ofnowissa private institutions, did a short study on the continuation of the violence to low keskikovan and the country 's regions, where violence reduction, or even an end, was likely, given its eradication spent money and energy.
"A lot has already been achieved, and much remains to be done", he wrote, "in order to be able to compensate for thousands of years, and in most cases has won the nation 's natural aggression, particularly in those rejected and remote corners of the globe, where the felling of hedgerows over paedophile kirkontorneista despite ihmislempeyttä has historically rarely known.
Some things, however, will not be lifted completely.
The higher the Tower, the lower are the whim.
The nation cries sentimentaalisten balladien, see ahmii voitetuista hardship stories and will be married and family life should name, but at the same time, an unreconstructed atrocity hellittämättömässä maintains the grip that both maalaisyhteisöjä kaupunkimaisia yhteisasuinalueita, and, in addition, there is evidence of a new form of, then pahasieluisemmasta riitelyntahdosta in their homes, at work, on our streets and even leikkipuistoissa.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to over-dramatize", her ohjaajansa commented on his reading of the entire report.
I would suggest that luet less of the Roma.
ESME Nussbaum fell by looking to the country.
In addition, I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"I believe there is no need for me to answer that", Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you are a lesbian?
ESME still appealed to the right not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
"I am not going to ask", Luther Rabinowitz said, "since I oppose ateismia, of lesboseksuaalisuutta and feminismiä.
This bias in the workplace is not maintained.
We are the servants of a fair-minded society.
Although a certain yliherkkyys in itself is perfectly acceptable and praiseworthy, it can sometimes lead to perverse results, such as, what exactly esitit to me.
You obviously have something against the church - and what you invitations julmuudeksi, or pahasieluisuudeksi, others call usually voimakkuudeksi luontaiseksi energisyydeksi and fyysiseksi.
It hokeminen MITÄ happened, JOS happened, as if it had happened yesterday, if it happened at all, is destroying the country 's fundamental dynamics.
ESME Nussbaum felt around Rabinowitzin spoke.
Behind Rabinowitzin flamingonvaaleanpunainen LED light heads declared the formula, which the Ofnow had divided the country already has a quarter of the previous century, or longer.
No naapurillesi, value kumppaniasi, listening balladeja, becomes musikaaleissa, using puhelintasi, discuss, explain, listen, not agree, asking for forgiveness.
Talking is better than silence and have the word is better than it was written, but there is nothing to win the love.
"I can understand very well what you want to say", Esme Nussbaum replied in a subdued voice, when it was certain that her ohjaajansa had finished, "and I would just like to say that we are not as efficient as it becomes as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we do not label, we see the same mistakes toistavamme, which originally led MITÄ happened, JOS took place.
This time, however, we do not intend vihaamme and our contempt for others.
Luther Rabinowitz sormillaan formed the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"You go too far", he said, "kuvaillessasi" a mistake "for those acts, which the grandparents might have to do or not to do.
Also, you go too far sanoessasi, that they could "give vent to his hatred and the lack of other" ".
Your current kaltaisessasi status should not have to remind you that when it comes to gaining an understanding of the past, or in the defence of the present, we are not talking about 'us' or 'them'.
There was nothing to "us" or "other".
It was a time of chaos, and that is all what we know.
"If we are quite honest, it does so in the chaos", Esme dared to continue, "no one group in society cannot say käyttäytyneensä well.
I am not blaming anyone.
What was done was done, whether it be good or bad.
Then it was back then.
There is no need to speak any more - and here we agree with.
And just as it is unnecessary in allocating blame, do not need to make corrections, whether they are legitimate or not and, while it would be somebody the way to do it.
But what for the past is there, then, if it does not take a lesson...
The past is there, so we can forget about it.
If I may add one thing --
Luther Rabinowitz broke pyramidinsa.
"I shall go through raporttisi, 'he said, and expressed that Esmen it was time to leave.
The next day her when they go to work in a normal way, he hit a driver on the pavement a motorcyclist, whose journeys passers-by described raivoisaksi pahasieluiseksi "and".
Accident occurs.
Lesotho army denies suunnitelleensa attack; Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
Lesotho army officials have banned lavastaneensa government 's solution for the attack and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had piirittänyt of his official homes and seized government buildings in the capital Maserussa.
The Head of State from upstream with his family to neighbouring South Africa, that has received kuolonuhkauksen.
A representative of the army, Commander Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said that the army has responded to this threat, which came from the "political" of practising individuals against fanaticism. The police has been said to evade armed fanatics.
"Lesotho military forces took action after receiving several intelligence reports that some police forces are trying to arm these young puoluefanaatikkoja are ready to cause problems", he told the Voice -uutistoimistolle.
The South African government 's President 's Clayson Monyelan says that the army 's actions seemed vallankumousyritykseltä.
"Even though no one has not claimed kumonneensa government by force, Lesotho 's military operations appear to be the hallmarks of a similar station in all respects", he says.
According to officials of the Lesotho army soldiers kasarmeilleen will return on Sunday, and the mood in the capital was peaceful.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing Thabanen government in the absence of leads.
Thabane says that he believed that the target of the action is, because he has tried to combat corruption.
The tensions have arisen would take place in Lesotho since June when Thabane suspended parliament sessions due to the differences between the great coalition government.
He denies such väheksyneensä government power, even though the opposite is claimed.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft establish datakeskuksen Uudellemaalle
We Microsoft has established a large datakeskuksen Uudellemaalle place, whose location the company refuses to clarify.
Microsoft medioille sending out a press release, the company says that it will not tell all datakeskuksiensa location for security reasons.
The centre is already fully equipped, according to Microsoft, and connected to the grid.
It is a Microsoft investment of several hundreds of millions of dollars.
The Centre 's place in the public arena was previously Oulua or being Kajaania.
Microsoft stopped completely Oulun toimipisteensä, which takes up the job of about 500 people.
In all, Microsoft has announced layoffs in Finland, a maximum of 1 050 jobs.
Microsoft viestintäjohtaja Camilla Lindfors STT says the EMI, that the company will not comment on how many staff the new datakeskus employs.
Establishing datakeskuksen Uudellemaalle told Kauppalehti on Monday.
The man is accused of being a girl päälleajosta liikennevaloristeyksessä
Top 78-vuotiasta man is accused of driving kolmevuotiaan girl liikennevaloristeyksessä Fifessä.
Gordon Stewartia is accused of driving the girl 's appearance at a crossing point in the eastern Pittenweenissä Neukissa.
According to prosecutors in the Stewart drove the Audi Q3 -autollaan imprudently and caused injuries to the girl.
From the Stewart Anstrutherista, 78, denied the charges at the sitting of the sheriffin workforce in Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial scheduled in January.
Four vinkkiä better vedenalaisiin images and videos
If you want to take pictures or video under water, you have several different valittavanasi laitevaihtoehtoja.
The cheapest option is an vedenkestävä - kompakti point-and-shoot-kamera, as in the case of the Nikon Coolpix AW120 action-kamera, or, as in the case of the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, which both cost about 300 dollars.
Personally, I took these pictures perhejuhlassa, using several different cameras, each of which cost less than $350.
There are a few of the equipment, regardless of the rules, which deserve to be respected.
Check laitteesi always twice.
If you were a watertight camera, make sure, however, that the camera akku and other parts have been closed to seal off.
In addition to calling kuvausasetukset camera appearing to respond to the images or video.
In certain kameroissa or camera yhdistelmissä videokameran and a regulation that improves kuvausolosuhteet under water.
In addition - before you boarded the water, make sure how deep laitteesi can take.
Some of the cameras will take only 5 feet depth, others even in the depth of 50 to 60 feet.
That, both on ordinary tutustu vedenpitäviin models osto-oppaassamme and digikameroiden arvosteluissa.
Take a series of images - many of them fail in some way.
Kompakteissa kameroissa has lcd-näyttö, which can sommitella image, whereas action-kameroissa often do not have this quality.
Although you might be in LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the image sommittelu can either succeed or fail.
So, take a series of images.
If, in addition, allows kamerasi haarukoinnin, which means the inclusion of several images at once in different regulations, not taking advantage of this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is falling significantly deeper.
If possible, stop at the surface of the near kuvatessasi uima-altaassa, a lake or in the ocean.
So you get kuviisi also more colours; the deeper you go, the less the colours can be seen.
Trying to get close to the site kuvattavaa.
This is an important piece of advice on land kuvattaessa, but even more so under water, because valo-olosuhteet are scarce.
It is very important, when we have an action-kamera: These devices often have a fixed linssi, which has a large kuvakulma, in other words, the cameraman must be close to the site, in order to meet the target for the whole picture of the frameworks.
China will not allow Hong Kong to elect their leaders - and the protesters swear revenge
China 's parliament decided on Sunday that Hong Kong 's voters are allowed to choose their candidates for the 2017 elections growing, democratic reform, despite the exacting rauhattomuudesta.
The decision is likely to spark of Hong Kong 's business district long odotetuille protesteille activists have begun to plan and implement protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
The decision of the Chinese National People 's Congress will, in practice, the power of the Communists to stamp out all candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it is still an outrage", says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They are lying hongkongilaisille.
It is clear that we are acting with a dictatorial regime.
The Committee of the Chinese National People 's Congress of China, the Deputy Secretary-General Li Fei, defended the administration, saying that the general as a candidate for settling down in Hong Kong 's leader selection would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, the United Kingdom with Hong Kong China Beijing promised the residents of the region, that it should not be allowed to choose their own leader from 2017 onwards.
China 's leaders, according to Sunday 's decision was a democratic breakthrough because it will allow Hong Kong to be able to vote for direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control strictly to the electoral process through nimittämiskomitean, being managed from Beijing.
According to the new clause only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong", is adopted.
The decision on the summer was held in Hong Kong, some of the region 's biggest and most attention inspired protests in years.
Democracy campaign was largely behind the Occupy Central with Love and Peace movement, whose organizers have threatened to block the activity of the business district, if Beijing does not grant authentic universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
On Sunday night, only hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central movement in Hong Kong met for rainfall päähallintorakennusten.
The organisers of the demonstration movement declared the movement to move into a new era and they would achieve protestiaaltoja in the coming weeks.
However, they did not tell the details, apparently for fear that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In its communiqué, published by the online organisers have said that the move "must be the last resort of Occupy Central -tempausta, which will be released only if there is no hope for dialogue and there is no other way".
We are very sorry when we announce that today the last chance of dialogue has foundered and occupying the centre is going to happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement in the early days, and there were strict security measures on Sunday near päärakennusten government. There was, for example, the police and the barricades; instead.
Hong Kong unrest feeds many of the feeling that residents are slowly losing kaupungistaan power.
The wave of the continent has caused competition for products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong 's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under the growing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticised the Occupy Central movement, because of its exhibitions are threatening Hong Kong elinehtoa - encouraging business people.
"The protest, in which they speak, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people take part in it and how long it lasts", says the legislator, Mrs Regina IP, which has long been critical of the movement.
We do not want that, spreading concern that Hong Kong is slipping away otteestamme.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
China 's state-run media has also been presented with the stories, according to which the Hong Kong fuel demokratia-aktivistit are a revolution in the Western powers "stooges".
This summer, activists held an unofficial referendum on voting rights, which was attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the region 's largest demonstrations in favour of democracy.
US prom-perinne hits British universities: New students yksityisjettejä
We are responding to the demand by setting up the exciting British first luksusluokan matkustusmuodon for today 's students.
In addition, the company offers yksityislentokoneen also other means of transport, such as Rolls-Royce Phantomin, Aston Martin or McLaren P1 's, so that the customer can ensure the most memorable entry into university.
According to Stewartin service is also the security aspect.
The service is the best possible option for students who would otherwise raahaisivat property down through the country ääriään lastatuissa vehicles.
When this is combined with the numerous VIF-ominaisuuksiin (VIP-ystävät), we are ready to offer today 's students as easy and high-quality transport to university.
According to the company 's reserves have not yet become, because the service has just been created, but added that "the students begin their act of orders over the next few weeks".
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, although most of the students are paying £9 000 lukuvuosimaksuja.
Today 's students are in terms of their expectations and desires, very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, have started their studies. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable one at first, and Vif is exactly the right way to do it.
National opiskelijajärjestö, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
The organisation 's vice-president korkeakouluosion Megan Dunn says that "this opiskelijaenemmistön palvelusuunnitelma seems to be really far away from life".
Many of those starting their studies this month järkyttyvät on the level of cost of living, while the financial subsidies that are available in the form of loans and grants have lagged behind rising peruselinkustannusten huikeasta. Only now can start to think about where to find thousands of them to be used as a simple kampukselle issue than the arrival.
Sale Ipswichin, 'sikatalo'
Real estate agents in the sale of a house in Suffolk removed myyntikuvan after acknowledging that the image of the house in the living room is lying on a big pig.
One s house consisting of a house, whose price is £120 000, is situated along a private path Ipswichissä.
The announcement was part of the image olohuoneesta, where pig sohvaan nojasi head.
The image of a pig kiinteistönvälittäjä Connellsin, is the darling of the owner.
"The picture, however, came up with the announcement by mistake, and it has since been deleted", the company 's representative says.
Notice the Connells kokoustaloa describes as a more "unique one 's house taking over.
Although verkkosivuiltaan kiinteistönvälitys has removed the image, it still can be seen in advertisements.
The sale of the house has aroused interest in social media, where some people have asked whether the pig house price.
Torres Marques 'departure was confirmed, Kagawa returns to ManU II Dortmundiin
Chelseasta espanjalaishyökkääjä, Fernando Torres Marques 'departure was confirmed, but at the same time korvaaja came in almost ovenavauksella.
Chelsea announced the agreement pestanneensa nelivuotisella ranskalaiskärki Loic Remyn naapuriseura QPR.
According to press reports, the vendor the full sum owed within is EUR 13 million.
Torres, 30, in moving Milaniin kaksivuotisella lainasopimuksella.
He moved Chelseaan Liverpoolista ennätyksellisellä by a sum of £50 million four years ago, but never lived up to expectations.
Its conclusion also became japanilaispelaaja Shinji Kagawan failed retki Manchester Unitediin.
Kagawa returns, as expected, the German Bundesliigan Borussia Dortmundiin, in which he made breakthrough, initially, before ManU-siirtoaan.
According to press reports, the vendor the full sum owed within is around EUR 8 million.
The recent agreement is a four-year Kagawan.
I wanted to make my dream true Valioliigassa.
Now I am happy when I was once Dortmundin man.
This is a fantastic team and a fantastic environment, Kagawa said.
The second bundesliigaseura Hertha Berlin Kaloulla Solomon will be strengthened.
The Côte d 'Ivoire maajoukkuehyökkääjä will take over from Frenchman Herthaan Lillestä, and add it is estimated at around EUR 3 million.
Before Kalou Lille, 29, played the 2006-12 Chelseassa.
The Paris kerrostaloräjähdyksessä already eight dead
On Monday, the death toll rose to eight in Paris following esikaupungissa kerrostaloräjähdyksen occurred.
Rosny-sous-Bois 'n turmassa esikaupungissa on Sunday, 11 people were injured, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are looking for still elonjääneitä from the ruins of the house on Monday, but the hope pelastuneiden decreased by finding.
As a cause of the explosion, as preliminary kaasuvuotoa has been suspected.
An explosion occurred early Sunday and was so powerful that it vavisutti buildings within a radius of more than 100 metres.
We, the whole house was moving: Vapisimme from fear.
The explosion was so powerful that our ears rang ", described turmapaikan Maryline Yyvon living next door.
Close to school hätämajoitus set up already on Sunday, the residents of the house.
Part of the life of the Only -tähdistä presentation at 17
On that occasion will be presented to the world-famous Only the lives of the stars.
The programme 's stars, gathered together for the first time earlier in the day, after a series of descriptions.
Part tähtistä is the early evening media tavattavissa Nelonen Expo -nimeä kantavilla tv-messuilla.
On that occasion syysohjelmistonsa Nelonen Media will present dozens ruutukasvojen power
The life of autumn Only -sarjassa are part Vesa-Matti Loiri, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them are therefore iltatilaisuudessa and ISTV 's on screen here.
The opportunity to start Rejmanin juontamalla, Nelonen esittelyllä MEDIA 's various channels of software in the autumn.
Following the share of powered ISTV 's camera crew searches for Only life -tähtiä interviews.
This article has been updated: All Only life -esiintyjät are not present at this evening 's event.
According to the information that came just at the start of an opportunity may be slightly delayed.
Broadcast mobiililaitteilla are not visible at all.
HJK Tobagosta getting players from Trinidad and
The football Eurooppa-liigaan coped with HJK is taking on a new player Trinidad and Tobagosta.
The country pääsarjaseura W Connection FC 's board HJK has done any Joevin Jonesista.
Joevin Jones is a 23-year-old keskikenttäpelaaja, who worked in the game for 55 Connectionissa W 28 paint.
Trinidad and Jones Tobagon maajoukkueessa has played 35 matches.
According to the first Siirtouutisesta Socawarriors-jalkapallosivuston recounting Jones has been one of the TT Pro -liigan tähtipelaajista by two last season.
W Connection -seuran says that Jones will travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian vankilahenkilökunta maintains the national protest
Hundreds vankilatyöntekijät around Bulgaria demonstrated in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration, they have declared that they wish to return back to the old työskentelysäännökset, which was recently amended.
Palkankorotuksista is also due to discuss the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have for months protested against the new symbolic työskentelyaikoja, in other words, that they want to go back to the old 24-hour rota system.
The organization Vankilatyöntekijöiden and the representatives of the Ministry of Justice, in spite of a meeting on the matter was not born out of the agreement, the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) informs.
Negotiations are ongoing, the head of the Directorate General for the enforcement of judgments in Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR.
The organization also Vankilatyöntekijöiden are expected to join the protest by workers of the Ministry of the Interior kauppaliiton members.
Koripallo: Fans of encouragement, almost too much: Sasu pyörtyä Salin was grounded
Sasu Koripallo Salin was the embodiment of Finland 's victory today.
He was able to forget selätti sysimustan USA-ottelunsa and Ukraine 's second puoliajan veret seisauttavilla will take decisions.
But Salin susifaneille, transferred all the credit - and did it lies:
At the end of the OFT meinasin pyörtyä up there on the ground, this encouragement was so wonderful.
But in the eyes of the sumeni, could not do anything.
It was making a fuss and white yleisömeri mulle almost too much.
Nine Salinin tehohetket involve pinnaa fast pace, then pallonriistoja, of temmellystä levyreitä and in every place where it happened.
I do not know how it happened, but I was able to get such an flow-tilaan, that everything was successful.
They will become, but about something, sometimes, is now, quite incredibly important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role.
To do all this.
Now, it was wonderful to see that others got caught up in the plot.
It took the whole gang.
The room has a team ilopilleri and hengenluoja, so it is no wonder, then, that her example brought the whole team flight which had a large kovakouraiselle and the Ukrainian viisikolle too much.
Finland, the World Cup after a gap of 32 years: Previous was reminiscent of an outrageous tuomaripeli
Driving Heikki kassia Montonen (oik.) was the Finnish päävalmentajana Argentine MM-turnauksessa 1982.
It is now 32 years since the last time the Finnish men 's game lentopallomaajoukkue MM-lopputurnauksessa.
Seppo Sirkka was the sole suomalaiskuvaajana turnauksessa 1982 in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was the Finnish kakkosvalmentajana and the current pelaaja-agentti Jouni Parkkali yleispelaajana.
Kosonen and Parkkali turnauksesta can remember one thing than yesterday 's day: It had alkulohkossa tulikuuma game against France.
"Its match ratkaisupalloissa tuomaripeli was blatant", recalling Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled takaviivalle.
Suddenly the game jatkettiinkin.
We lost it to 2-3, and then pasmat sekosivat more ", told Parkkali.
Finland played päävalmentaja Heikki Montosen command and eventually topped 17 in the fourth.
Today, Finland is among the world valioiden once again, when the Polish MM-turnaus can get off the ground today on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international lentopallossa for 32 years.
Players voima-arvot are more or less the same level as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
Also keskipituudet players have increased.
The game is faster ", wondered Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish pelaajamateriaali has been enlarged, and the ability to share the burden.
I expect that Finland will reach alkulohkosta continued.
Then can come to the already tight ", Kosonen estimates.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka by Savio were in the game against Tunisia.
The current pelaaja-agentti Jouni Parkkali had yleispelaajana MM-turnauksessa.
Let us hope that the 17 petrataan now in place.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down ", said Parkkali.
Kosonen lajilegenda Reino kakkosvalmentajana had a national team in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri and Mr Leppänen Körkkö tuulettivat Tunisia-ottelussa.
Sauna and iltahartaus in Buenos Aires MM-turnauksessa 1982 merimieskirkossa were part of the national team programme.
Mr Kalin (oik.] Venytteli joukkuetoveriensa with.
A young star -laulukilpailun finaalit Etelä-Karjalaan competition - no profit
A young Tähti -laulukilpailun had reached in connection with a Veera Vento and Tikkanen Veeti are not arriving at the victory of the competition.
Other investments are not published in the competition.
Teija laulunopettaja Immosen says that competition has been popular.
It is a good experience.
Mighty songs finalistit levyttävät still in the competition.
Kilpailuhetkistä is always fine memories, Immonen says.
Rescued suomalaisturistit Cita-koiran vuorelta in Norway: "These men deserve all our thanks '
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his your dog, were Thursday stranded in mountains, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered help.
At the weekend, Mikkelsen was looking for "international heroes" on Facebook, so that should not be allowed to thank auttajiaan once again.
Mikkelsen Facebook-päivityksessä told the public, that was with him on Thursday in mountains Cita-koira satutti tassunsa.
An injured dog has no longer been able to walk in stark terrain.
I tried to position myself down, but I failed, so I had to let it be.
I have tried many times to attract and to take it a little further forward, but its feet are not just borne, Mikkelsen päivityksessään writes.
According to Mikkelsenin herunut assistance is not on the police, a nearby hotel and not ohikulkijoilta.
The situation in the evening pimetessä began already seems to be threatened.
Fortunately, there were two observers vaeltajaa, which were ready to help: Antti tamperelainen Tuomo Soini and his father.
The men were visited Norway in the highest vuorella leiripaikalleen Galdhøpiggenillä and, when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of a mountain rinnettä.
(Mikkelsen), the situation was relatively calm.
We offered to help him with a dog, Antti Soini Ilta-Sanomille says in his message.
Soon, there was also a German man who had retkipatja with them.
Such patjasta Citalle were paarien, which injured the dog was given.
The moment saksalaismies came here after us, when we had been thinking about what to do with the dog and carried injured dog down a last-minute rinteeltä, Soini says.
Picture: Tuomo Soini
The dog was brought down through retkipatjan kannettua.
According to Soini performance was not physically heavy, but in difficult terrain, went slowly.
Cita about one and a half hours, however, was happily down until now.
Mikkelsen after finding yet on Facebook "international heroes", in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soinit vastasivatkin to him on Sunday, but is apparently still saksalaismies tavoittamatta.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen is ecstatic.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily have gone back to back.
I would like to find these people, because it seems to me that I did not thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all the praise and credit, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, Soinit were already on their way home.
They had received Mikkelseniltä happy kuulumisia: - Cita reportedly can already be better!
Susanna Mälkkiä are set out in the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin ylikapellimestariksi
In the autumn of 2016 Mälkin three years would begin and end in the spring of 2019.
The proposal also includes an option for two specific lisäkaudesta.
Mälkki sellistinä started his career.
He is internationally renowned conductor and received the Pro Finlandia Medal in 2011.
At the moment, John Storgårds kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestarina works.
Beautiful and courageous Kauniit and courageous players ruutuun returns today after the summer recess.
The title avausjakson vihjaileva raises questions.
Finland 's all-time favourite saippuasarja kesätauolta Kauniit and courageous returns today.
Paluujakson is the name of the company of a "Oraalista Ericin luck".
The period Iltapulun ohjelmakuvauksessa are reported as follows:
Eric and Donna are discussing family relationships, will order syömäpuikkoruokaa, drinking white wine and the nostalgic rakkaushistoriaansa.
Eric is a loyal kauluspaita-tyylilleen.
He has chosen Lounaspaidan väriksi White who lilertää.
Ridge offers a Brooken Katielle to support this when addressing the traumas and with regard to the Bill.
Ridge does she still have not got over their problems.
The Bill is currently consulting Brookelassa ristiriitojaan of his own.
Brooke does not like the fact that the man is going there to try to get him back.
"I want Ridge, not you, Bill. '
Genetic anomaly is diagnosed, often misunderstood
The death of a British woman feared for years because of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought most nuoruuttaan that he had only a few years left, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
Actually he was suffering Charcot-Marie-Toothin disease (CMT). It means a range of genetic diseases that damage the brain and the spine outside the nerve.
According to Charity CMT -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön UK, the wrong diagnosis is a general problem CMT-tapauksissa, because so little is known about them.
It is estimated that approximately 23 000 people Iso-Britanniassa suffers CMT-taudista, which causes symptoms motoriikassa, for example lihasheikkoutta, tricky to walk and varpaiden kippuraisuutta.
The disease can also cause tunnottomuutta or pain, and it is an incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms will worsen over time.
He thought he was a 13-year-old Rodgersin Friedreichin were ataksiaa (FA), which is a really bad selviytymisprosentti.
Rodgers believed that they would be confined to a wheelchair before filling the 18 kuolevansa and before they reach 30 years of age.
Nowadays 51-vuotias, the mother of two children, says that, "as a child, I knew that I could do the same things as the others.
I fell over on a daily basis, and it took everything for longer than the other.
I could never rullalautailemaan rullaluistelemaan, or with other children, and me kiusattiin at school because I walked and juoksin in a different way than others.
When a 13-year-old Rodgersin carried him several feet suoristamiseksi akillesjänteen cuts. The cuts in the context of the doctor leaves the room he vilkaisi fast tutkimuspapereitaan, which was said to be suffering from her FA-taudista.
"I felt guilty, because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone, but home after I checked the information concerning disease FA-yhdistykselle library, and I wrote", he says.
When I received the information from them, and I was shocked at the paniikinomaisessa.
I thought by the age of 18 years, as though I am confined to a wheelchair and 25 kuolevani before täyttäisin, and in between menettäisin slowly my function as a whole.
I went through this to myself and I envisage our own hautajaiseni.
Rodgers says that 17 years of age, by now, he said, that her kävelynsä had not deteriorated as much as he had thought and asked lääkäriltään this.
The doctor just hugged me and said: 'A girl gold, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise olisit already in a wheelchair ".
I think that somehow you suffer considerably less dangerous disease.
On the basis of certain geenitestien he diagnosoitiin CMT-tauti.
"When it was explained to me, and this CMT-tauti has, I thought of me lykästäneen, 'he says.
UK Charity CMT -järjestää CMT-kuukauden to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred emigrants hiilivaunusta were found in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have discovered more than 100 illegal immigrants hiiliä kuljettaneesta off the train, the country 's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Salamatkustajat were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday Velesistä Keski-Makedoniasta.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they are, where you came from and where they are going ", said a spokesman for the Ministry of the Interior, Mr Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, the migrants had paid around EUR 3 000 each to reach Greece, and yet to 800-900 euros more to enter Serbia.
A lot of illegal immigrants pass through a couple of million inhabitants of Macedonia on its way to Western Europe.
A bloody civil war in Syria have fled as many as three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai are supporting Scottish independence
Popyhtyeet, Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined Scotland 's independence supporters.
According to that, in a few weeks 'time yhtyeet tähdittävät konserttia to be held in Edinburgh, which supports itsenäisyyshanketta.
The Scottish referendum on independence will be held on 18 September.
In its communiqué, Mogwai, said that the vote has skoteille an opportunity that comes only once in a life line.
In the past, among other things, the actor Sean Connery, has given its support to independence.
Instead brittitähdet, for example, Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to hit, so they remain a part of Britain.
Gallupeissa independence supporters have been at a loss.
The difficulties in the supermarket continued middle - domestic news - Ilta-Sanomat
Tavaratalokaupan 's decline also continued in July, tells Päivittäistavarakauppa ry.
According to its hypermarketketjujen tavaratalo- and the turnover fell in July by 3.2% lower than a year ago.
The worst takunnut has a home and leisure product sales, whose turnover fell by more than 7% a year ago.
Also sell pukeutumistuotteet were clearly less than in the previous summer.
The value of retail convenience instead of July a year ago, grew by nearly 3%.
Most sales grew pienmyymälöissä and large supermarkets.
During the start of the year as a whole, i.e. tammi-heinäkuun supermarket hypermarkettien and the turnover has shrunk by more than 2%.
Sales of convenience, instead, has increased by almost 1%.
Joan Riversin family "hopes for the best"
Joan Rivers has been tajuttomana since he was brought to New York in the centre of the hospital, but his daughter was today in the hope that a better comedian 81-vuotias from their illness.
"Thank you for your constant rakkaudestanne and for your support", Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was due to the Mount Sinai -sairaalaan sydänpysähdyksen on Thursday. According to the sources, the then hoitopaikka, Upper East Sidessa, Yorkville Endoscopy -klinikka, announced an emergency hospital.
Doctors are keeping him deliberately rauhoitettuna through medicines and are watching his condition closely, until such time as he is currently in a serious condition, another is stable.
The incident has caused a widespread reaction among public opinion, and, for example, for Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have provided support online.
Areva-Siemens: So halfway through kolmosreaktori will be ready in 2016
Areva has supplied thousands Voimalle TVO for Olkiluoto 3 's updated timetable.
Areva, according to a press release of the project 's recent delays have largely been due to the fact that the reactor automaatiojärjestelmille has applied for the approval.
The project is already years late.
In May, TVO has not made any assessment kolmosreaktorin valmistumisajasta.
Nastola Bottakselle gave rantatontin 1.4 hectares - the value of around EUR 60000
A municipality Nastolan formulakuski Valtteri Bottakselle 1.4 hectares rantatontin Kärkjärven shores Villähteeltä.
Municipality showed fair urheilumieltä and was unanimous.
A discordant note was not part of the meeting when it was decided tontista, says kunnanjohtaja Pauli Syyrakki.
Bottaksen lahjatontilla is the farm buildings - a total of seven paragraphs.
The municipality to dismantle them yet this year, with the exception of one away.
Bottas tontille has promised to build a holiday home within two years.
We are honoured that he has enjoyed myself synnyinpitäjässään and also wants to be the future here.
It has become an annual Valtteri ala-asteille telling urheilu-urastaan and their lives.
And, hopefully, will continue to be, kunnanjohtaja says.
Kunnanjohtaja presumes rantatontin paid 40000-60000 euros.
Ranta is low and child-friendly.
The region has been owned by the municipality in over ten years.
Nastola has over the decades to varying degrees of success have been successful in sport through lahjatonttien municipality.
Aki Parviainen keihäänheiton world champion and the world champion Tuuli Matinsalo aerobickin were omakotitontit kunnalta and supplied rakennuttivat omakotitalot.
They did not, however, kept Nastolassa but sold kiinteistönsä and turned away.
Parviainen Nastolaan Matinsalon and came to work and then changed their lives changed elsewhere.
Bottas has syntyperäinen nastolalainen and his situation is different, permanent Syyrakki tuumaa and believes Bottaksen kotikunnassaan.
Hull pestasi an aggressor Hernandez ennätyssummalla club
Hull Valioliigaseura placed club ennätyssumman Uruguay maajoukkuemiehen Abel Hernandez acquisition.
Hernandez exchange Hulliin italialaisseura from Palermo to 9.5 million pounds, or approximately 12 million euros.
The agreement is for three years.
Hernandez hit last season with 14 paint, when Palermo won Serie B and came to the Italian pääsarjaan.
Uruguay maajoukkueessa paint, he has made seven of 14 game.
Last summer MM-lopputurnauksessa Hernandez came in two exchanges of the game on the field.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in a short space of time, said Hullin päävalmentaja Steve Bruce.
On Monday, Hull said he also acquired the Senegalese maajoukkuekapteenin Mohamed Diamen West Hamista.
A failed Russian avaruuskoe - seksimatkalle posted gekot died
Russia 's space to grow by five little gekkoa are dead, says the Russian Federation Space Agency Roscosmos in his newsletter.
Aboard Gekot matkasivat Foton-M4 -satelliitin by more than one and a half months.
The satellite was returned to the country on Monday morning, the Finnish time.
The experiment was designed to investigate gekkojen reproductive ability and behaviour under conditions of zero gravity.
The test was attended by one urosgekko and four naarasta.
Although the test sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
The effects painottomuuden gekkojen, for example, the development of the eggs is known only a little.
Through the impact Gekkoihin can try to predict what impact this would have on man painottomuudella oleskellessa for longer periods of time in a similar condition, demonstrated by the New Statesman in July.
According to Roscosmoksen gekkojen kuolinaika and the cause of death or any -syyt are ironed out.
According to the news agency Interfaxin seksigekoiksi, " ristityt passengers jäätyivät.
Yllätyksellisyydestä also reflects the fact that the same Foton-M4 's aboard followed through our own hedelmäkärpäset survived reissusta vaivoitta, and were also operational.
France terroristiepäillyn, was arrested at the airport of Nice
A man in France of the suspected terrorist, was arrested at the airport of Nice on Saturday.
A man suspected of being a chief in Syria 22-vuotiaan jihadistiryhmän rekrytoijana.
The French authorities about the matter on Sunday.
The authorities were able to track the man after it had attracted money young 16-year-old girl to leave Syria.
A girl was due to fly to Turkey and cross the road from the Syrian border.
The airline did not believe the girl 's explanation that he was going to visit his grandmother who lives in Istanbul and visit, but the public authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl 's father, who was completely ignorant of the daughter 's intentions and told authorities that the family is not a family in Turkey.
The man is coming from Chechnya, according to the authorities, but she now lives in France.
The French tiedusteluviranomaiset had been following the actions of a man already in the past.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that the Iraqi or Syrian wars attracted radicalised young people constitute a security risk but also for France.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or domiciled in France during the last conflict to have travelled to Syria, returned or is currently planning their departure to Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
The hopes koripallomaajoukkueen jatkopaikasta are at stake, when Finland faces ottelussaan in second World Cup today in Ukraine.
If avaustappio had been expected for the United States, is part of Ukraine, on the other hand, those countries from which the Finnish jatkopaikkaan should take the profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, as Koponen, anticipated.
Ukraine beat the Dominican Republic on Saturday in the first of the Games ottelussaan 72-62.
A team helping to prepare NBA-veteraani Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine is playing an aggressive koripalloa.
The Ukrainian avainpelaaja has pelinjohtaja Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is a 100 metre world champion three years ago.
Jeter Dominikaanista Republic threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter jätkä fast, but yes, we are in the process of being decided against such past normipuolustus and we must get our house in order, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than tappiossaan yesterday in the United States.
We need to find our own strengths again.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as normal a pack of wolves, Möttölä said.
The purported Hollywood-tähtien nakukuvat are spreading on the Net - as part of a guaranteed
The Internet is spreading a series of alastonkuvia, whose claims to present well-known public figures.
Among other things, the actress Jennifer Lawrence has been the victim of a "nakukuvakampanjan".
TMZ has published Lawrence viihdesivusto issued by representatives of angry comment, which would appear to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes it (on the Internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen images, will be put to trial, representatives are threatening.
TMZ 's, actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread the images are genuine.
He had taken the pictures with her husband years ago.
When I know that those images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what we saw atrocious effort to this end.
I sympathise with all who fell victim to the hakkeroinnin, he writes, according to the site.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says her own name, flying the images being counterfeit.
Genuine or fake alastonkuvia are also circulating at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grandesta, Hope Solosta, Krysten Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmerista.
Self-protection Honka-maalivahti 's criticism: "Not doing enough to work at it, to get away from here '
Football club FC Honka Veikkausliigan are currently in last place.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitalan 's comments on Sunday following VPS-ottelun are a club confusing the situation today.
I do not have four months been maalivahtivalmentajaa.
But everything must adapt ", Viitala 1-2-tappioon said after the battle ended.
Honka took the game, especially the first puolustuspään at half-time a lot of mistakes.
Goalkeeper Viitala poor puolustuspelaamisesta was not pleased.
Pelaajaliikenne is a lively Hongassa visited this summer, and for that reason, too, in the face of those who defend Viitalan have changed in quick succession.
Also Pelaajaruletin, with many young players have been given opportunities, which they do not necessarily even deserved.
"Some are not doing enough to work at it, that can sometimes turn away", Viitala tuhahti without naming any individual players.
Hongan päävalmentaja Shefki Kuqi Viitalan was, to some extent, to agree with.
"I said after the game for certain players, that if you treeneihin and the fun and games to keep luulet olevasi veikkausliigapelaaja, and you do not have to work, then you 're probably in the wrong team", Kuqi said.
I have given many young peliaikaa.
If they do not want to take advantage of the place and to use the opportunity, so it is not my fault.
Kuqi also recalled, however, that the players cannot expect immediate success when, with constantly changing pelikaverit.
During this period there have been two times in a row the same composition.
Especially puolustuspäässä porukkaa has changed.
It is the main reason why we are in this place ", Kuqi said.
Honka is following VPS-tappion sarjajumbona, TPS tasapisteissä, secondly, to the last, to be with the Union.
Veikkausliigaa still has seven rounds, so there is still time to avoid espoolaisilla putoaminen Ykköseen.
I have never tiputtanut a team, and I am not going tiputtaa now.
We will not really tippumaan this swarm ", goalkeeper Viitala uhosi.
Lars von Trier making after a break of decades tv-sarjaa
Film director Lars von Trier tv-sarjojen intends to return as a factor.
Tanskalaisohjaaja is preparing tv-sarjaa entitled The House That Jack Built.
As a producer of films Sarjahankkeesta told Trierin worked Louise Vesth today in Venice at a festival on Monday.
According to the press release tuotantoyhtiö Zentropan a series of descriptions should begin in 2016.
A series of priority Trierin told käsikirjoitustyöhön from this autumn onwards.
It is the English version of the series.
Mystical project is indicative of the announcement also Trierin, a long-term collaborator, a harsh myyntipuheistaan well-known producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
He said that a series of similar "have never been seen and never see".
"Round up your breath", the communiqué Aalbæk Jensen says.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in recent years been known kohuja nostaneista mediaesiintymisistään and a more straight-forward manner such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
In television, he guided Valtakunta-sarjan during the 1990s.
01.09.2014 15: 20 in the retail chain Lidl appears to have the Finns to win, at least if tuloslukuihin are to be believed.
The activity of the Finnish kauppakonserni Lidlin pyörittävän Lidl Finland Kommandiittiyhtiö -konsernin turnover continued to grow at the end of February of the financial year.
The company also increased the revenue too.
The result before tax reached 79,6 million euro, compared with a year earlier was 56,4 million euros.
In turn, the turnover paisui to EUR 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25%.
The increased market share of the company also improved liiketulostaan to EUR 61 million to EUR 84 million.
7.1 Liikevoittoprosentiksi became.
From the start of March Saksalaisomisteisen Lidlin tilikausi lasts until the end of February.
In February, the company says it reckoned päättyneeltä tilikaudelta tax to Finland to EUR 13.7 million euros.
Constantly myymäläketjuaan broadened the company has told this year to Finland to invest EUR 100 million.
In Finland, there are currently 142 Lidl -myymälää, and it employs more than 4 000 workers.
The first shops opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket -haasteeseen osallistujalta leuka sijoiltaan
British Isabelle Roberts karjui so hard when his bucket jääkylmää went down the water, that his damaged kasvojensa luustoa.
This Ice Bucket -haaste ended painfully badly.
A woman has been taken to care for her karjuttuaan Ice Bucket -haastetta while carrying out so loudly that her leukaluunsa went sijoiltaan.
Ms Roberts karjui so hard when her jääkylmää went down the bucket of water that he damaged kasvojensa structure.
"The water was so cold that only karjuin, but I felt it karjuessani, that began with a leukani jäykistyä, 'he tells the Commissioner in The Mirror.
Jäävettä is dumped on the 20-year-old.
Ms Roberts, a moment before the accident
I tried to close suutani, but I have not been able, the leukani was locked, and then I realised that something is wrong.
Then my mother and sister found the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had kiidättää emergency health care.
The challenge Supersuosittuun on Tuesday participated in a 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital, where leuka was set back in its place.
Videonpätkästä has become Internet-sensaatio, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitterissä.
From the perspective of wolves ulvontaan (even): How fanimäärän growth can explain?
Today was quite a formidable fiilis.
In this way, said Sakari koripalloilija Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland was played for Athens EM-lopputurnauksessa against France Maroussin palloiluhallissa.
Pehkonen is exaggerated.
I remember the game when it was present.
So too were those of some 100 Finnish, who shouted at 20 000 spectators vetävään, otherwise empty halliin fuss.
I wonder what Pehkonen had said after the World Cup Suomi-Ukraina-ottelun 19 years later?
Bilbao is a 100 suomalaisfanin forces kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti.
The European Championships of 1995 was Finnish koripalloilun etsikkoaikaa.
The men prepared the way for, among other things, overcoming lopputurnaukseen Russian karsintaottelussa Helsinki urheilutalossa.
This victory opened the doors to the cream.
Everything seemed to be a good one.
It was a promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
Raised päävalmentaja Henrik Dettmann Möttölän kalkkiviivoilla lopputurnausjoukkueeseen.
The solution, which many people had different opinions.
Now we can say that, from a distance, Dettmann was a wise one, even though all sujunutkaan did not, according to the script.
After Athens koripallomaajoukkue crashed deep.
The Athens games here on the Finns, was reportedly a total of slightly more than 100.
The group included journalists, players 'relatives, the Finns koripallovalmentajat and a few fans.
Bilbaossakin is journalists, relatives and trainers, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
This phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible proportions.
No one will be able to tell the exact figure suomalaiskisaturisteista.
Estimates have been on the move between 7 500-10 000.
The figure was between anything over there, it is quite incomprehensible number.
Here is the explanation urheilusosiologeille.
In a global economy businesses move across borders.
In sport, there is still an opportunity to look at how we go internationally.
With increased mobility, we can go and see how tyttömme and our sons will be successful in the world, says Professor Hannu liikuntasosiologian Itkonen.
Certainly, both in Spain and in Poland in the World Cup lentopallon is the Finns, who are seeking elämystä.
A common experience.
However, it does not explain everything.
Personally, you must have an appeal.
Itkonen populaarikulttuurin put the sport into the.
The threshold is lower than urheilukisoihin to go to Berlin to see art.
Without success in scale, though, does not get off the ground.
Just look back to 1995.
Then päävalmentaja Dettmann koripalloliittoa and challenged pelaajiakin heittäytymään concerning in a professional manner.
It took almost 10 years to do it.
Then the path changed and it maajoukkuetoiminta was placed on a pedestal.
The movement lentopalloväki did the same a little earlier.
Now they both enjoy the fruits of that work.
As Itkonen says, both species have managed tuotteistamaan huippu-urheilunsa, which operates as a sacred triad: Urheilu-media-sponsorit.
The public will then be interested in it, too.
And the media has taught us what kind of supporting karnevalistinen is, Itkonen reminds.
The transfer of this massive palloilulajit are also in the interest of the Sates sarjoihin?
Hundreds kori- and lentopallossa is played, on average, or a little over 1 000 katsojalle.
Itkonen sees the issue as a good, and not necessarily to give an answer, which promise very good species.
The second one, believes in the interest of moving.
The second is the one who does not want a sweet mahan täydeltä.
This elämysmatkaan cohorts is ready for the World Cup, but their perusajattelussaan domestic sarjat kaksisesti are not interested in it.
That is a challenge in the midst of an emotional seuraihmisille.
Slowly Bottaksen tontille - almost 1.5 hectares to shores
Nastola rewards formulakuljettaja Valtteri Bottaksen rantakotitontilla.
Adopted by the municipality of 1.4 hectares of given land donation unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
Leisure tontille will increase in future housing.
The success of this Nastolassa has been monitored Bottaksen this karting-ajoista up till now.
He feels good for the envoy to promote Lahtea, Lahti and Nastolaa.
Lahjatontti is located Koiskalassa - Kärkjärven on the beach.
It has become Nastolan municipal ownership as part of a bigger picture regarding kiinteistökauppaa.
The region is in the building of seven purkukunnossa, of which, at the expense of the municipality to dismantle six away from the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1 's Belgian osakilpailussa Fourth palkintopallisijansa this year.
He is the fifth MM-pisteissä.
Bottas has syntyperäinen nastolalainen and lived their childhood Villähteellä.
Today, he lives in England but it becomes Nastolassa always when there is a free formuloista.
Bottas has visited yläkouluissa both nuorisotiloissa.
Poor Design-älyvaatteet are coming - but hardly
It will present and test them now in New York in the ongoing US Open -tenniskilpailussa.
Ralph pallohenkilöt Laurenin älypaitojen testaajia are on the ground, but also the peaks in Marcus yliopistopelaajien Giron amatööri belonging to that kind of thing.
He says that the shirt will help him to follow their own development and to regulate toipumistaan.
Nailonpaitaan has kudottu hopea-antureita, of which the information is transmitted paidassa mokkulaan and from there continue älypuhelimeen, or taulutietokoneeseen.
Heart sykettä anturit are a gauge, by inhalation rhythm, stress and steps.
Cosmetic Keskusyksikkönä mokkula from before the baby shirt in the washing machine.
Muotitalo has not told the exact time alkamiselle shirt sales, nor even vihjaissut, its price, Tech Times uutisoi.
Raph Lauren is not the only älyvaatteisiin panostava company.
The sale kalifornialainen Athos has brought älypaidan and älyshortsit.
They measure sykettä, breathing and lihastyötä.
Clothes will cost 100 dollars demanded by their thumb and the substantial size of the depot will pay two hundred dollars.
Also, Red Orbit Teknovaatteista wrote.
A smart way to save textbooks
In America Yliopistokirjojen costs exceed $1 000, in the case of many of the students, so there will soon be another incoming opiskeluvuotensa Matt Schroeder fiksun can find a way to save on costs.
He developed a system where subsequent vuosikurssien students borrow books against the nominal compensation, instead, that they would sell books along the same path.
"My mathematics would normally cost $180; I paid $10 for the use of its entire lukukaudeksi tuhdin and the butter", says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying Covenant College in Georgia.
Schroeder says that his last lukukauden book would have normally paid $430.
Instead, he used them for 120 dollars.
According to the Board of the university keskiverto-opiskelija spends more than 1 200 dollars a year for textbooks and koulutarvikkeisiin, but students have access to a wide range of ways to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly using verkkokauppoja and Schroeder 's idea of the kind of creative approaches.
Increasing numbers of students rent textbooks, when they will be able to use the book lukukauden during the whole time and pay for much less than a book to buy for the students.
More than 250 kampuskirjakauppaa to Neebo Inc rental textbooks, according to the company, has doubled since 2011.
The statistics on the sector reveal that around a quarter of university bookshops books this past spring had vuokrakirjoja, chairman Trevor Neebo-yrityksen Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores -kauppajärjestön says that less than half of all books are purchased campuses in bookshops.
This clearly means to save money, however simple they may be.
Verkkokaupat
Online shops in a new book can get only a third of the price of what it would cost kampuksen bookshop.
Ron Larsonin, Bruce Edwardsin and Robert Calculus Hostetlerin, " -kirjan Ninth painoksen suositushinta are nearly $290, but the price of a book gets erikoiskirjojen regarding internet sales Chegg.com 239,99 dollars.
Buy used,
Second-hand books are a good option, if the reader do not interfere with the appearance of other notes and passed.
For example, "Calculus", when used -kirjan receives Chegg.com-verkkokaupasta 93,49 dollars.
In the last year of the Brigham Young Universityn student Matt Casaday, 25 years, says it was a book 'Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business', when used only Amazon.com-verkkokaupasta 0,42 dollars.
As a new book would cost $48.
The University of Massachusetts Amherst 's College Without Walls with leader Ingrid Bracey and other academics are recommending that students ask professoreiltaan, can also make use of the lessons of the past.
Sometimes painoksen new reforms are not essential for teaching.
In this case, the old painoksen can only find a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
Besides Amazon-kirjakauppojen Chegg- and eBay Inc 's Half.com is popular ostopaikka of used books.
Rental
Leasing of textbooks is worth considering if pidät of them to take good care of, you will remember to restore those suoritettuasi and you do not need them in this course.
Hiring you can save over 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, "Calculus" the whole lukukaudelle -kirjan rental costs about 20 dollars.
The company tutustu vuokraavan rules, such as notes, the following payments korostuskynän use and wear and tear.
Vuokraaja, not varuillasi: If unohdat put back in a book, a book myöhästymismaksu can be greater than the purchase price.
These books above
Acquiring e-kirjojen instead of ordinary paper can become also a question.
Sometimes, these books are rented when the owner is paid for the right to use its e-kirjan, Amazon.com-, for example, Chegg- -kirjakaupoille or Barnes & Noble Inc.
The "Calculus Chegg-kaupasta receives -kirjan e-kirjana" for six months, around 61 dollars.
According to Braceyn, many students of literature are the most, because several klassikoita can now download, free of charge, while books in the field of science and technology can be very expensive.
A comparison of the various sellers are worth, as an alternative to the then valitseekin.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin Pepperdinen law, recommends to use the book ISBN-numeroa in discovering the price, because it will be able to ensure that, in search of the right book.
Before sitting in the grid, to ensure that the book is certainly in warehouses, Gault says.
He himself has learned this the hard way.
The supply of buying his book had on ice for four weeks, and in the end he was forced to buy a book at full price, the university bookshop.
Tamperelainen Legioonateatteri meets for 20 years
In 1994, founded the theatre is opposed to unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome all those who wish to make concerning art.
To organise ilmaisupainotteista harrastustoimintaa 17-35 for the long-term unemployed.
The proposals often takes a position in society.
In recent years, there have been other masennusaiheinen depressio Moderata, Minäminäminä! - humorous narsismista reports on both klassikkosovituksia.
Believes that each person can change their own lives.
Fires killed nearly double the number of people compared to last year
Fires this year have died - nearly double the number of people compared to last year.
The Finnish emergency service sectors mediaseurannan ' (Spek) so far, according to the deaths of 55 people have died already in 49 different.
Last year, at the same time palokuolemia was 31.
Most of the dead, 36, has been one of the men.
Over 65 years old has had 11.
According to the organisation palokuolematilaston, the situation was worse than the last time in 2009 when, at the end of August, 64 people had been killed by fire.
Most palokuolemista happens in housing.
Apartment blocks have been 17 palokuolemaa, both omakotitaloissa 21 pientaloissa lines and in the other seven.
Fire kertaamisesta SPEK reminds me of home.
At least all the functionality of a home palovaroittimien Spekin should be included to ensure.
In addition, everyone should check that the prohibition alkusammutusvälineet are easily available.
Of all the farms in the home must also be given unrestricted poistumisreitti.
Children should also tell us what electrical equipment they can use when they are alone at home.
The NATO summit: The first protests Newportissa and Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO Summit in protest Newportissa last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the city centre Newportin during the NATO campaign against the march.
On Sunday, around 150 people met in Cardiff kaupungintalolle so-called vastahuippukokoukseen.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived from Belgium, up until now.
Young people were rescued by air sinisiltä Australia in the mountains
Two teenagers patikoitsijaa were hoisted to safety after their night stranded in Australia are located in the region of South Wales An blue hills.
A 16 year-old girl and a man of 18 years old, went on to wander after midday on Sunday, Govetts Leapille Blackheathiin.
Following the relatives of young people who had not returned home, and called the police iltakahdeksalta.
Local police officers, and consisting of representatives of the donors etsintäpartio were sent to look for the young, and kaksikko was found at approximately 23 near Bridal Veil -putouksia.
The girl was offended polvensa, and the man had fallen and drawn their head.
Police officers spent the night with the couple, and they were brought to safety on Monday morning.
Exported patikoijat ambulanssilla Blue Mountains -sairaalaan, and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian soldiers withdrew Luhanskin from the airport
The Ukrainian Luhanskin forces have withdrawn from the airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers were given perääntymiskäsky.
According to Ukraine 's fiercely laskuvarjojoukot are taken together with the Russian tanks on the ground.
According to a representative of the army of opposing tykkituli has been so accurate, that the Russians ampujana are likely to have soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
The subsequent oil pollution off Kaakkois-Ukrainan tykistöosumia yesterday received the Ukrainian partioalus sank this morning, telling border guards.
Eight merisotilasta has been saved and two are still missing.
There was no certainty Rajavartiostolla, which were fired from the start.
Separatists ampuneensa told us already yesterday on social media from the start.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says that Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Mr Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukraine 's troops must immediately withdraw from positions, from which they cannot fire on civilians.
According to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Minsk talks today with Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE would bring about an immediate ceasefire without conditions.
Mr Lavrov also warned that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First of all, we will protect our interests, our economy, social sectors, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also be drawing conclusions from the actions of our partners, Mr Lavrov was threatened.
Heavy rains received in Malmö and Copenhagen tulvimaan
The streets flooded Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen, when heavy rains piiskasivat southern Sweden and Denmark.
The floodwaters were the ones who cut off several roads, expressed the traffic and then buried cars submerged.
On Sunday, the authorities estimate that the flood hellittämisessä may take, even if the rains cease predicted Monday.
Heavy rainfall reached ruotsalaisviranomaiset by surprise, and not a wet säävaroitusta issued in advance.
The installation of the Finnish Ilmatieteen päivystävä meteorologi Ari Mustala estimates that the region suffered saderintama was very local.
Permanent sadealue appears to narrow and appropriate.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists 'should' be quiet and help France ", the main advocate of Francois Hollanden says
Valls called on the deeply divided the left "to show their feelings towards the 'well sosialistipresidenttiä, which the new government 's composition has not received the approval of a majority of the French.
The president deserves the respect of all, he deserves our uskollisuutemme, with our support.
"Our job is to remain at his side", Valls said and earned applause.
As a gesture Tyynnyttävänä, the Prime Minister called on the government to leave the peace of France 's controversial 35-hour week, in spite of the new economy minister Emmanuel Macronin issued earlier this week, the debate on the proposal of Members, that the rule should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande called on the Socialists to act in concert with the government.
Minister for Justice, Mrs Taubira, however, caused controversy by turning out sosialistikansanedustajien who express differing opinions and a meeting of the Socialist Party by criticising the fact that it allows "the French to give up hope for the future".
The leader of the extreme right-wing Nationalist Bloc Marine Le Pen mocked the Socialists continued mutual disagreements and said that he did not believe Vallsin of a new government, lasting a few months.
Francois Hollande has perhaps gone soitellen war, but so also in the case of Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new government after the previous one has not lasted, even in the summer.
"And the new government will not last until the autumn or winter", Le Pen said to journalists.
He reiterated his party 's proposal to dissolve the parliament and had to be taken as his party won early elections held and he himself would be ready to lead the party.
France 's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March listakärkeä kuntavaaleissa and the extreme right had to be in possession of the May European elections.
On Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll shows that 76% of the French believe that the Socialist Party could divide into a number of competing groups before the end of the period Hollanden in 2017.
The political scientist Pascal Perrineau Po-yliopiston warned that the French will soon lose patience if the new socialist government ennätyskorkeaa fail to improve the economy and unemployment.
"There is a small chance of success, but the public needs to see quickly that change is happening", he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate even further.
Pokka deceived Huomenta juontajien during Finland 's Kirsi Alm-Siiran, Nina Rahkolan and Pekka meteorologi Poudan pokka deceived nauhoitetussa so badly in the programme 's contribution.
Last Thursday morning, Finland Programme published a video on Thursday of the pleasant Facebook-sivullaan nauhoituksista.
Video Kirsi juontajat Alm-Siira and Nina Rahkola and Pekka meteorologi Pouta trying to record Huomenta mainospuffia of Finland for the next day 's record confirming its transmission, but the recording is not entirely in the pipeline.
Alm-Siira sekoilee in what he said, when he tries to pronounce the word budjettiriihi, and her sekoilunsa also receives Rahkolan Poudan and lose pokkansa time after time.
And these heroes should be allowed to withdraw direct broadcast even tomorrow, the Finnish Huomenta Facebook-päivityksessä says.
On Facebook videosta has become very popular, and it is both tykätty that shared on Facebook more than 10 000 times.
K. Lehtikuvan kuvatoimistossa worked for Jorma Pouta, 68, was the third potrettien series in 1972.
The picture is of the Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir and.
The Helsinki Fredrikinkadulla Rakennusmestarien house was held in a meeting of the Socialist International in May 1971.
At the meeting, there was a lot of heads and security were enormous.
When Golda Meir and went to the toilet, to seven henkivartijaa went in there.
At the beginning of the meeting, however, we received a little over five minutes kuvaamiselle.
I took this picture of four to five metres away.
The light and the background were in place.
As soon as I understood that, at this time, I was able to.
Meirin ilmeestä sees that the leaders of the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
At the time of the competition performed well-known personalities or events of pretty Fund.
It is wonderful that today can also be successful in other of pretty, as long as it is an idea, and they promote visual vääntöä.
This is the second best picture, which I have taken.
The best is Lasse Virénin kaatumiskuva at the Munich Olympic Games.
I sent out the competition.
Väitös: The already Aarnio-tutkinta paid more than five million euros
The Helsinki police investigation of the legality of the activities of the drugs, already has cost more than EUR 5 million and called for 30-50 henkilötyövuotta.
This will assess Jyri Rajamäki Jyväskylän University väitöstyössä in its information technology.
Rajamäki suggests that the control of the legality of police activities and the fight against crime in general, could be improved significantly by combining the IT systems of investigations and court proceedings.
According to Rajamäki monikäytön nykyteknologia allows for special forensic material.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which to investigate the crime to collect information is automatically todisteketjun an electronic todisteaineistoa, and at the same time makes it possible to provide a comprehensive legal control.
On Saturday väitös are checked.
Yle: The 1999 concept kasvisruoasta was forgotten school on the wall: "Kasvisdieettiin are fish and kanaruoat '
The image of a school hall pirkkalalaisen Naistenmatkan something of a strange ruokakohun that caused a social media, says Yle nettisivuillaan.
Kasvisruokailijat!
Kasvisdieettiin koululounaalla are fish and kanaruoat.
Only then, when the list includes meat, we manufacture kasvisvaihtoehdon!
This is what it says on the wall of a school unohtuneessa, 15 years old newsletter.
Many of the picture to look here.
The spread of social media has led people to send a picture in the municipality of Pirkkalan närkästynyttä feedback.
Food and Chief-of-Staff puhtauspalvelun Arja Vaarma Ylelle says, that was forgotten on the wall enclosed is incorrect and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently coming before me has ever been such an idea, an idea that has been discussed in due course with health care.
Each pupil receives a meal under the desires, he notes Ylelle.
On this day, Pirkkalan kasvisruokavaihtoehto school pupils will be offered only with the permission of the parents and the doctor or the certificate terveydenhoitajan kasvisruokavaliosta.
The solution to justify Vaarma Ylelle that, because young kasvisruokakokeilut may leave the settlement of nutrition and the lack of meat or chicken can raise a few eyebrows from pupils 'families.
Norwegian systems close to 3 billion dollar values for the Prestige systems Accord
Norwegian NCHL.O systems Line Holdings Ltd, the world 's third largest risteily-yhtiö, is negotiating to buy the rival Prestige Cruises International Inc of the three billion dollars. The data come from close contact with people.
Trade systems with a Norwegian company, which has a market value of $6.8 billion, should not have access to the Prestige Cruises luksusristeilijät, and the wealthy clients it continues its competition in the larger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) -yhtiöitä against.
According to the sources of information about a possible agreement may be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations will not produce results.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, the private pääomasijoitusyhtiö Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20 percent of Norwegian -yhtiöstä systems.
The sources did not want their names into the public domain, because the negotiations will not be conducted in public.
Norwegian systems and the Prestige Cruises -yhtiöiden representatives have not responded to the Apollon kommenttipyyntöihin and the spokesman was a refusal to comment on.
The laboratory from Norwegian -yhtiöllä systems is 13 risteilyalusta, whose reittikartta covers North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
The Prestige Cruises, which operates from unnecessarily, sails Oceania- and Regent-brändinimillä, which includes a total of eight risteilyalusta, and reittikartta covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was USD 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
29 risteilyteollisuuden billion dollars 'worth over the next few years, are expected to benefit from emerging economies such as China and India rising keskiluokkien.
Companies compete in order to get these new customers ykkösvaihtoehdoksi risteilyä of their choosing.
The Prestige Cruises recorded a US stock market first liikkeellelaskunsa shares in January 2014.
Apollo has devoted most of the shares in the company after the 2007 trade, which was worth $850 million.
In the course of the current Norwegian kokoonpanollaan systems were set up in the year 2000, its reunification -risteily-yhtiön Genting Bhd (GENT.KL). The latter has malesialaisen billionaires Lim Kok Thayn kasino-yhtiö and the entertainment.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian -yhtiöön systems in 2008.
Norwegian listautui systems into public company in January 2013.
According to published data, the percentage of company Gentingin was 28%, Apollon yksityispääomasijoitusyhtiö 20% and TPG Capital LP 's share of 8% at the end of June onwards.
Carnival-, Royal Caribbean Cruises- and Norwegian -yhtiöiden systems aggregate share of the North American risteilykapasiteetista is 82%, emerges from the Prestige systems in connection with the issuing of shares rekisteröintidokumentista publishing.
The Tampere city authorities will deal with the matter today.
Animalia hopes not strong support for the initiative.
Animalian executive director, preparations for the Tampere University thesis Salla Tuomivaaran delfinaarioiden, according to time in Finland and around the world should end as a matter of urgency.
Fortunately, in recent years around the world, there is a widespread perception that the marketing of advanced mammals such as dolphins delfinaarioissa is no eläinsuojelullisesti and ethically sustainable.
This vision of a multi- kantautuvan also in Tampere.
Not only has the closure delfinaarion eläinoikeuskysymys, including the question of Tampere 's image as a tourist destination, then Tuomivaara points out.
According to Tuomivaaran Näsi-delfiinin death heightens delfinaariotoiminnan alasajosta.
The death is a sad sequel Näsin Särkänniemen delfinaarion of a dark history.
It is time we put a stop to the toll of death, to close the prison, as well as dolphins, to start to explore how the Tampere dolphins could be transferred to restricted maritime domain, of a sort of dolphins turvakotiin - Tuomivaara requires.
Näsi will have felt the return of the original habitat of dolphins, but hopefully the remaining dolphins live Särkänniemessä still have time to experience more of life than virikkeettömän betonialtaan, Expects Tuomivaara.
The aim of the Animalian Eläinsuojeluliitto, is that the use of all villieläinlajien circuses to be banned in the pipeline eläinsuojelulain kokonaisuudistuksessa.
This category also includes delfinaariot.
In order to support the requirement for a Animalian Director 1.9. Tuomivaara is today taking part in the protest on behalf of dolphins.
The Japanese suurlähetystöllä during the Helsinki mielenilmaisussa takes a stand against the go-ahead delfiininmetsästyskautta in Japan.
During metsästyskauden are imprisoned or brutally killed each year around 2300 dolphins, either delfinaarioiden introduced or food.
Putin calls for negotiations on the opening of the new countries Kiovaa Itä-Ukrainan with
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Sunday that the Ukrainian Government will put an end to the fighting against the separatists in the eastern part of the country and start negotiations immediately in the region of the outgoing "valtiomaisuudesta", Russian uutislähteet are telling.
His representative to Dmitry Peskov, clarified later that Mr Putin did not mean that, in the face of the separatists in the eastern Ukrainian region to become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine, need to look again and again, in order to be able to give the power of the Russian-speaking population in the region to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin 's Kiev venäjämielisten government 's call for talks with the rebels as equal neuvottelukumppaneina is responsible for his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists to take over the region and force, in this way, the Government of Ukraine, in practice, to grant the newly julistetulle Novorossijalle independence, through which it can be directed towards Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with the country 's Kanava -tv-kanavan 1, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army 's attempts to flood back into the separatist region dominated by Eastern Donetskin and Luhanskin, which the separatists captured in March and April in Moscow annexed Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula itself on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped in the region 's 'Novorossijaksi,' 'Uudeksi Venäjäksi' - this term to remind the Russian superpower revolutions that preceded three-dimensionality days.
According to the Russian news agency Itar-Tassin, Putin said that the planned peace talks are "an illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians are carrying out campaigns for parliamentary elections on 26 October and attacks by government forces against civilians in areas controlled by the separatists.
"We must immediately begin comprehensive negotiations, not only on the technical aspects, but also the organisation of society Kaakkois-Ukrainan and the status of the country. It takes into account the interests of the people who live there", he says.
According to Peskovin Putin 's reference to the "valtiomaisuudesta" is associated with greater independence, which has been the subject of debate for months, with Kiev 's leadership in its efforts to dispel the fears of Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and linguistic rights would be under threat.
Only the eastern territories of Ukraine 's government can provide for their needs for the independence, Peskov says.
This issue will not be able to hold talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov says, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine 's internal conflict".
The Kremlin 's representative for heckling, whose purpose was to correct Putin 's comments "a wrong interpretation", pointed out that the Russian administration is dealing with the rebellion in eastern regions the separatists in a different way than in the case of Crimea, leaving it virtually occupied territory whose 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even Luhanskin Donetskin or regions Itä-Ukrainassa, because most of the 6.5 million people living in the region is not ethnically Russian, and because of the conflict in the previous opinion polls show that the majority of the population was in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, on which venäläisdiplomaatit are discussed in international forums, would allow Ukraine to local governments the right to agree for themselves their own kauppasopimuksistaan and ulkosuhteistaan, which would give the practically Kremlille power in the region, which links Russia with Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian päälaivasto, commercial maritime satama-alueita and historical rannikkokohteita.
The Russian Rostovin and the Crimea in between the region is also in mines, factories and metallinsulattamoita, which produce the Russian army of vital products.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed virkaanastumispuheessaan on 7 June that Ukrainian legislators - after the new elections - are considering constitutional amendments, so as to increase the decision-making power of the Ukrainian ydinalueesta disparate regions on their own finances and the status of the languages.
His vision of independence, however, appears strongly differs from the Kremlin and Moscow lietsomien signs, perhaps, and the sentiment of the separatists.
Putin presented the latest demands to the government in Kiev venäjämielisten negotiations as equal partners with the rebels, after the rebels went further last week by Russian tanks and troops from the territory of the invasion Itä-Ukrainaan earlier rauhanomaiselta Azovin off the coast of the sea.
The Ukrainian security forces fear that the Russian Novoazovskin separatists supported by the erection of the city is the beginning of a larger effort, which is designed to take over the whole of the strategically important coastal region Crimea up until now.
It has led to massive civilian armeijahenkilökunnan to take Mariupolin and the strengthening of the city. Half a million inhabitants are known as the Mariupol steel as a productive satamakaupunkina, which is located on the Crimea peninsula Novoazovskin and leading a narrow area of land between.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday in Brussels, European Union leaders begging for additional measures to prevent future violations by Russia in Ukraine, a former Soviet Republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach the point of no return", Poroshenko warned.
Ukraine 's territory is now in the hands of thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU Summit did not take decisions on direct action; leaders came lisäsanktioiden issued, so that they can be introduced, if the Ukraine crisis will flare up in unexplained circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers were to withdraw from the region by two Russian Ilovaiskin panssariosaston and 1 000 troops Donetskin transition last week to the region, in order to strengthen the struggling separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine 's National Security and the representative puolustusneuvoston, told reporters on Saturday in Kiev.
According to the first Russian Ilovaiskissa Lysenkon saartamasta Ukrainian 63 soldiers, was exchanged for 10 Russian laskuvarjohyppääjään, who was imprisoned in Ukrainian territory a week ago.
Milanin avausmaalin did peliminuutilla japanilaistaituri Keisuke Honda already in the seventh.
Another Sulley Muntari at half-time was hit first and, a little later, Jeremy Menez rangaistuspotkusta.
Following Laziokin kavennusmaalinsa rankkarin was the home of the game, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio Candrevan laukauksen.
Lopez Milaniin went to Real Madrid for this period.
The former hyökkääjäikonin Milanin Inzaghin valmennusdebyytissä San Siron stadium was only half full.
The match was announced yleisömääräksi 39 000 spectators.
Australialaisjulkkikset and Gabi Grecko alastonkuvaskandaalin pyörteessä
Geoffrey Edelsten has indicated that he is shocked, hackers stolen her kihlattunsa and Hollywood A-listatähden Gabi Greckon alastonkuvia.
Viihdemaailmassa has kuhissut after a series of Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuvia was published on the Internet, as a result of a broad julkkiskuvahakkerointiskandaalin.
Hakkerilla is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuvaa Nälkäpeli-tähti Lawrencesta, and other supertähdistä, as Kate huippumalli Uptonista and Cara Delevingnestä, singer Rihannasta, Ariana Grandesta and Lea Michellestä and actress Kirsten Dunstista.
Also, Australian actors Teresa Palmerin, Emily Browningin, Yvonne Strahovskin and living in Melbourne Greckon images have apparently been stolen iCloud-vuodon context.
It is on the list of the names of the 101 julkkiksen.
Last month Greckoa kosinut Edelsten Confidential-lehdelle said, "this is sickening".
Any personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and disseminated.
The New York verkkolehdessä Greckon are reported have been commenting on cases of "shame" and said that victims "feel ashamed".
The 30 Hakkerilla is believed to be the last image of this Palmerista poikaystävän with Scott Speedmanin, including two of the fringes of our Palmerista yläosattomissa basin.
Palmerin elokuva-ansioihin include, for example, in the film 'Love and deputizing for Honor "with Liam Hemsworthin vastanäyttelijä.
Palmer, the star Chuck-sarjan Strahovski and Sucker Punch -näyttelijä Browning hakkeroituja are not commented on the images of yesterday.
Lawrence TMZ-lehdelle representative said, that "this is an outrageous violation of privacy".
Actor Seth Rogen vihastui hakkerille twiitissään: "Kännykästä publishing stolen pictures does not differ in any way from the sale of stolen product".
The publication of the stolen images should not be made possible, if only from the legal point of view.
Finland 's game almost than on home ground and rose to the victory of Cuba sensaatiomaiseen lentopallon World Cup.
See the pictures fanihuumasta.
On Monday, Poland 's Katowice was white: The latest is Polish but the Finnish sinivalkoinen.
Finland 's victory was followed by STT Spodek-areenalla: According to the almost 2000 suomalaiskannattajaa.
I felt like it would be playing on their home ground.
So a major effect faneilla had peliimme, the Finnish captain Antti Siltala said STT for the Union.
Finland was gradually losing out already in the game 0-2, but rose gradually to victory 3-2.
The fourth instalments during ihmenousun Finland made six points guaranteed.
Cuba has already been provisionally led, 16-10, but then the Finns received hurmoksen.
Hundred suomalaisfania had, however, been disappointed when an arena, a hard charter-kone Katowiceen has not been able to land because of the fog.
Thus, Warsaw reached the fans missed pitch.
The Finns palloilufanit have captured Europe 's hard pace over the last few days.
The Spanish basketball World Cup in Bilbao Suomi-faneja are present in more than 8,000.
Just as every one of the Finnish basket voittokori had been in the match, the USA tähtipelaaja Stephen Mr Curry praised Finns korisfaneja after Saturday 's match.
The meeting of the council will not be sent as a direct result of the technical problems
Kouvolan City Council meeting is not in a position today to watch via netin live.
According to the city 's press release broadcast is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvolan city regrets this situation.
Jälkitallenteen can look in a couple of days of the meeting.
Kouvolan City Council meetings have been able to watch via the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time, the decision-making process can result in direct 13.10.2014.
Councillors kokousvideot can be found at http: / / www.kouvola.fi / index / aikuisvaestolle / paatoksenteko / Kouvolan valtuustoverkossa.html and the city YouTube-kanavalta.
