The city of Juankosken Niiralan relates to the city at the beginning of the year 2017.
The city council unanimously approved the joint Niiralan on Monday.
The City Council approved the joint Juankosken last week.
In tackling Kuntaliitoksen Tuusniemen Elderships was also involved, but it's Board of Governors decided that Tuusniemi to continue as an independent.
Kuopio and Juankoski will decide on the implementation of the following November 2003 separately.
The next time the municipal elections will be held in 2016.
After the accession of Juankosken Niiralan has a population of approximately $111.
The prime ministers of India and Japan will meet in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo, to discuss the economic and turvallisuussuhteista, its first major visit after the May election victory.
Modin a five-day visit to Japan, is designed to strengthen economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
At the top of the discussion are the plans extended nuclear cooperation.
India is also said to be interested in puolustusyhteistyösopimuksesta with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine's troops firing at civilians.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the Kiev leadership that these are refusing to direct political talks with the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The current leadership in Kiev doesn't want to carry out essential political debate with the eastern part of the country, Putin said, according to the Russian News Agency-TASS news agency.
He also said that Russia is mostly the separatists, whom Kiev and the West say Russian army-, were trying to push the Ukrainian troops back to their seats, which Putin said that the Ukrainian army troops shooting at civilians.
Miliisitaistelijoiden goal is to push them out of the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get the chance to shoot the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The meeting was held on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It surprised that people had already become quite early in the evening.
We had two days, as expected, promottori Tom Kangas tells me.
Seinäjoki hip-hop Festival was held for the third time.
The next year, again.
We are going to continue to be the hip-hop festival, which is not going to pop, the Kangas declares.
In Finland, will come into force on Tuesday, the law, which restricts the acquisition of materials for the manufacture of explosives.
In the future, Poliisihallitukselta individuals must apply for permission to buy or to keep possession of such substances or mixtures, which could be used as a so-called precursor of explosives.
Such substances are hydrogen peroxide, nitromethane, nitric acid, potassium chlorate, potassium kaliumperkloraatti, sodium chlorate and natriumperkloraatti and mixtures containing them, if the prescribed concentration values are exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide is used for cleaning and detergents, for example, but they generally do not exceed the limit values.
Nitromethane kiihdytysajossa, for example, used.
Prior to the entry into force of the law, however, will be purchased precursors to keep possession and use on 2 March 2016.
George Webster is accused of Nairnin and Pitlochryn hotelliraiskauksista
In two of the rapes in the hotel waiting for the trial of the accused.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges against Glasgow during the session of the upper limb.
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the province of Perthshiren Pitlochryn Scotland's Hotel on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of assaulting a woman while attacking this "unconscious state, during sleep, and thus being unable to make a decision for themselves."
In addition to Mr. Webster is accused of a second rape in the Highlands in the Golf View Hotel Nairnissa on 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae, in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh, upper limb.
Premier League: Super Raheem shone - Mario was left in the shade - Premier League - The night-Sanomat
After a 19-year-old Raheem Sterling, again showed why he is regarded as a hope for the future of English football.
At White Hart Lane on Sunday, the atmosphere was electric, when Mario Balotellilla strengthened Liverpool arrived at Tottenham as a guest.
Super Mario's debut was a promising: Experienced englantilaistoimittajat saw the 24-year-old Italian has done on the field work in a completely different attitude than Manchester City hours appointed for opening.
Balotelli was still far from huippuvireestään.
The Italian lost three high-quality maalipaikkaa and bait from sixteen his serve only half of their own team.
His favorite player has already taken the Pool-supporters are waiting for a better future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers planted Balotellin blow up Luis Suarez to Barcelona for the role as the team's second tailback Daniel Sturridgen beside him.
The team's star was shining Balotellin cross-court, rather than the tip of the diamond Raheem Sterling, who poked me in 3-0 victory over the crucial opening goal past Hugo Llorisin.
Sterling, 19, not just the parasite tehoillaan.
Balotellia 20 inches shorter, the Englishman's opponent in between the lines like a fish in the water.
Property is not a global player, who flies on the lawn at best, about 34 miles an hour.
Rodgers also deserves great praise Sterling's development.
The Northern Ireland told me after the fight, how Liverpool has systematically developed at the foot of the Wembley laitakiitäjää increased luoteislontoolaisesta just a more complete player.
Susanna Mälkki was chosen as the Helsinki kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestariksi - "I'm happy and proud."
The Helsinki City Council has decided to appoint Susanna Mälkin Helsinki kaupunginorkesterin orchestra ylikapellimestariksi next autumn 2016.
The leaves Los Angeles Timesiä-deep have wondered what the orchestra, he will take the next step.
Susanna Mälkki tells to start in his new role, happy and proud.
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra has had a key role in the nation's musiikkielämässä for more than 100 years, including a large number of Sibelius kantaesittämällä music.
The orchestra has led to the best Finnish conductors to and I've worked with many of the members of the orchestra in the past.
I look forward to working with you look forward to the future, "he says.
The size of the regimes of Employees' eläkeneuvotteluasiassa - Domestic - Areas - News - Karjalainen
Today, Eläkeneuvotteluille sought new impetus to the social partners own reunions.
Of Employees' Unions: N, STTK Akavan and EU governments deal with the early in the morning.
After that, the actual eläkeneuvotteluita is set to continue.
The dispute is causing some discomfort, among other things, tying eliniänodotteeseen retirement age.
Organisations have pledged työuraratkaisun by the autumn, but according to the most recent estimate, it would be this week.
Pihtipudas..
Women's volleyball Rovaniemeläinen liigajoukkue Woman Volley tripped liiganousija Vampulan Pihtiputaan harjoitusturnauksen athletes in the finals on Sunday.
Vampula snapped a five-game, a 3-2 victory.
In the last batch WoVo lost 15-11.
A neighbor was always one step ahead. "
The battle was good, but the puolustuspelissä and passipelissä Vampula was slightly better, saw WoVon coach Teemu Mäkikyrö.
WoVon kuusikko was spotted in the sense that the 190-foot-amerikkalaissentteri Jennifer Keddy was back stuck on the sidelines.
Sara Niemi played center field.
Karoliina Kyilönen was despite peukalovammastaan pelikykyinen and formed with Johanna Pekkarisen WoVon tulivoimaisimman combination.
Jenna gave Keskimäki Hakkurina started to make room for the duration of the last batch of 1.5 Jaudzemalle Jana.
The best part was good Vampulan venäläispassari as well as libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen, WoVo orbited by as much as possible.
Preparing for the league WoVon continues next weekend, when the Hämeenlinna Rovaniemelle E.E.V. will be at training camp.
The team will face on Saturday, "the Official harjoituspelissä kauppiksella" at 18.
On Sunday, facing urheiluopistolla for the second time.
Lidl pounding wild figures in Finland.
The Finnish-based company's turnover grew at the end of February, during the financial year ending almost 25 percent of the nearly 1.2 billion.
The company announced tulostietojaan on Monday.
Lidlillä is now in Finland, a total of 142 stores, and plans to continue the expansion.
Lidl also told me that in the last financial year to Finland, paid taxes nearly 14 million euros.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German Lidl group.
The company has more than 4 200 employees in Finland.
Ovarian cancer die more frequently in sparsely populated areas hankaloituneen late diagnosis and access to treatment
Angelina Jolie and her brother James, have published a video tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia, those living in rural areas, women have a higher risk of dying of ovarian than those living in cities.
The researchers went through more than 1,100 Australian munasarjasyöpädiagnoosin in 2005, received the woman's medical records and found that only 35% of women lived for more than five years after diagnosis.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute Swansea confirm that the sparsely populated and remote areas of the women who died during the study, 20 per cent more likely than women who live in urban areas.
Little RESEARCH: New medicines may slow down the lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through terveyshistorian women for seven years.
According to the doctor Susan Jordan, also a woman's age at diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the previous illnesses and socio-economic status seemed selviytymismahdollisuuteen.
Elderly women, and when the cancer has spread beyond the likelihood of survival at the time of diagnosis was the smallest.
In the sparsely populated and remote regions, 20% more likely to live in the women died during the study than women living in urban areas.
The investigation had not sought to explain why those living outside the cities, women are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan as potential reasons for the delayed diagnosis and hankaloitunutta access to care.
"Oncology specialist, is the best way to deal with this disease, and their dental practice, mostly located in major cities," Jordan says.
Even though the distance in the treatments are becoming more common, and the importance of the distance is reduced, in addition to an investigator suggests greater mobility of doctors, so that physicians can treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programs, which will support away from home to patients.
According to a study by Dr. Jordan's long-term survival of women with ovarian cancer is bad, irrespective of their geographical location, which stresses the need for better care and better cancer prevention programmes.
The Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön-funded study published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, the 33-year-old mother of Gold Coastissa resident Elisha Neavella was diagnosed with a malignant ovarian cancer.
The city of Rovaniemi wants to strengthen asemakaavalla kelkkaparkkitoiminnan Ystävyydenpuistossa, which is located next to the hotel Pohjanhovin.
On Monday, the City Council decided that Ystävyydenpuiston and its surrounding Osviittaan asemakaavaehdotus publicly posted one-stop shop.
The opinions of the requested Kaavaehdotuksesta ympäristölautakunnalta and Lapland Ely-Center.
With the help of Asemakaavamuutoksen city wants to allow the continuation of moottorikelkkailutoiminnan related to tourism in the region.
There is designed to be a public garden, which holds the current Ystävyydenpuiston and it lies between the river and the region.
There will be, according to the motion on 15 November and 30 April more than 200 permanent snowmobile.
The region will also be allowed to invest in a specific part of the tankkauspisteitä.
Also allow for the new puistoalueelle huoltoliikenne.
The city of Rovaniemi is rented area Ystävyydenpuiston safariyrityksille moottorikelkkailukäyttöön winter period.
The last time the lease has been renewed in the spring of 2014 and the deal is valid until spring 2018.
Kovaäänistäkin Kelkkaparkkitoiminta and kaavamuutos has provoked opposition.
Naapurikerrostalojen residents have been so upset sound like a worried päästöistäkin.
Emissions in the region, however, have been investigated, and reports have emerged in the cross-border guidance values sightings.
Renewed kalustokin is an old vähäpäästöisempää.
Ystävyydenpuistoa parkkialueena supports the fact that if a shift away from the point of departure, ought to be transported to the hotel safariasiakkaat safarien lähtöpaikoille buses, which would be the departure of an estimated 15 per day.
Ystävyydenpuiston area and the surrounding area, according to the city's geometry is also a wide enough, better than the loops as places of exit in places such as bridges Ounasjoen itäpuoleinen venelaiturin guy.
On behalf of the location Ystävyydenpuisto is good, not least because the activities may in the future to expand Ounaspaviljongin, for example, to the region.
The consolidation of Parkkitoiminnan is part of Rovaniemi urban strategy adopted by the City Council, according to which the city's goal is, among other things, to create a business in a good framework for reserving enough high-quality sites logistically and functionally-seats.
Ystävyydenpuisto marked moottorikelkkailun osayleiskaavaan, also of downtown, which has not yet received a legal force.
Fall in owner-occupied dwellings puutarhamyymälöissä shows
Reduction in the number of homeowners, particularly in the under-35 age group, may lead to a reduction in turnover puutarhamyymälöiden tens of millions, when today's young consumers reach for their age puutarhamyynnin "pääkohderyhmän." The Financial Times said the British garden sector kauppayhdistyksen (the Horticultural Trades Association, the study point).
According to a report in the Financial Times asunnonvuokraajat using gardening only 55% of homeowners from using the money.
The investigation was also revealed that an increasing number of live very kaupungistuneissa apartments, with no gardens, in addition to the garden's size, when it is increasingly used to coat the front lawn into a parking lot, as well as those factors are threatening a garden area, which has an estimated value of about £5 billion a year.
The London-area housing ownership has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and there's horticultural per household in the least amount of money is used throughout the country.
The EU and the British puutarhayhdistyksen (RMP) says that the increase in rental apartments or a reduction in the size of the garden does not mean, however, that people will not be able to grow crops.
RMP leading puutarhaneuvoja Guy Barter says that "mobile sealed culture vessels crops, for example, are particularly popular among asunnonvuokraajien, because such culture vessels may be included in the move."
Point: According to a report in the years 1997-2005 were garden-resale boom in the sector, because the ownership and housing wealth increased at the end of the 1980s to mid-1990s.
The report also predicted that the deal will be this year, thanks to the better weather, in March and April of last year after worse than any weather.
For the sake of Turkey questioning the US diplomats vakoiluraportin
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has called the country's most experienced American diplomat to give the report of the survey, which concerns the spying by the United States and Britain in Turkey.
The Deputy Prime Minister, according to the American Embassy Chargé d'Affaires Bulentin and the Turkish authorities have discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and The intercept verkkolehti have written that the National Security Agency in the US National Security Agency (NSA), Edward Snowden, a former analyst vuotamat documents reveal that had been in Turkey, the United States and Great Britain, the main vakoilukohteena intelligence services.
According to the Turkish news agency, the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all the big countries have been spying on each other.
A previous report on German spying päätiedustelupalvelun make him angry reaction in Ankara, the Turkish government.
Cannes-winner Croze occurs in the new suomalaiselokuvassa
There have been a number of big hits kanadalaisnäyttelijä Marie-Josée Croze is attached to the new naispääosaan suomalaiselokuvassa.
Croze's acting director Michael Kuparisen movie nights at 2 in the morning, which will start filming this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes prize for best female performance in the role in the film barbarian invasion in 2003.
Among other things, he has appeared in Steven Spielberg's film, Munich, as well as Julian Schnabel movie The Butterfly bulb.
2 nights until the morning of the film's Mikko Nousiainen in spades.
The movie makes Finland's first night in September 2015.
Majorca Magalufin police chief accused of corruption
Out of the case have submitted evidence to the police and city government officials from carrying out extortion PALLICER Majorca the public prosecutor's office on Friday.
Majorca're not PALLICER police chief has been arrested in moist to party well-known Magalufin liikkeen- in the region, and as a result of the allegations of corruption by baarinomistajien.
Captain José Antonio Navarro was placed into custody after a number of Punta Ballena street liikkeenomistajat korruptiosyytteitä presented against him. He saw in Punta Ballena is located in the vast majority of Magalufin bars and nightclubs.
Published online, according to the daily newspaper Mallorca Diarion incident shows have presented their evidence to the police and city government officials from carrying out extortion PALLICER Majorca anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
The Spanish National Guard and the other two were arrested by local police in connection with allegations of corruption, and they are the judge kuulusteltavina together with Navarro.
The whole country editions Päivälehti ABC wrote to the owners of nightclubs vihastuneen authorities of bias, which seriously affected their business.
"There is no more money, but of survival," one of a business owner said to the court.
You don't destroy our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose. "
Magaluf was in the headlines in many countries this summer, when the online spread through the YouTube video, in which the 18-year-old British vacation had oral sex with a man, 24, during the so-called "crawlin pub.
Since then, the island's authorities have tried to curb the use of Magalufin humaltunutta holidaymakers and uncontrolled by reducing the notorious, alkoholinkäryisten pub crawlien osanottajamääriä.
In addition to the Playhouse nightclub, where they filmed suuseksivideo, was ordered to shut down for a year, and the owner of the club and pub crawlin organiser Carnagelle was ordered to pay a fine of EUR 55 000 jointly.
First and foremost, a popular among young people's most beloved brittituristien Magalufin has also become a popular so-called "balconing-trend, which has caused several accidents due to the consumption of alcohol, when people have jumped from the balcony to another or from the balcony of the hotel swimming pool.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza Strip
Thousands of people in the Gaza Strip be allowed back to school on Monday after spending the summer in shelters, when the rockets and mortars have bombed yhteisöitään their 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed emerges from the fighting in the region.
The opening of schools that caused the joy and excitement pommittamissa rockets in the southern Israeli communities, but the fighting marks are still visible.
To the south, in the town of active Pashosh-nursery workers removed the shrapnel marks on the walls and liukumäistä prior to the arrival of a rocket struck the children's nursery.
"We're a little bit scared but also excited," says Ronit Bart, who lives in a village called Saad kibbutsissa, an Israeli at a community center, and works for the city of englanninopettajana at school.
Many of the children who live in this region desperately in need of routines.
Bart's 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart believes that the return to school for a long time it feels like "a little weird."
"We have had a range of difficult times, when we have never gone home," he says.
The president Reuven, close to the border with the Gaza Strip in Farmington, visited kibbutsissa offering their support.
Before the start of last week's cease-fire thousands of Saadi, such as cross-border communities of the residents had been kept indoors or out of their homes to safer areas further away from Gaza to escape rocket and grenade fire.
Many of the Gaza front, located near the Nahal Oz community residents are sceptical about the return of the Palestinian grenade killed a 4-year-old boy in the community.
According to the Education and fair ten family had not yet been returned.
So far, the children of these families have been placed in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, close to the border with the Gaza Strip town, which was the subject of heavy palestiinalaistulituksen.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised that "the safety of the children's education and will be taken care of."
So far, Israel and Hamas agreed to the existing cease-fire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire stopped the fighting immediately, but it will not bring a solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas' demand for a lifting of the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the re-opening of the air and sea.
Israel wants Hamas to disarm and to restore the two Israeli soldier's body fell in the war.
Egypt is expected to be the start of a new round of indirect negotiations later this month.
Palestinian and the UN estimates that the war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians, and at least 494 children.
Israel has been to disagree on the number of the dead. It says that at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it hasn't been hard evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, including, among other things, a Thai worker.
Hamas and other Gaza have fired at soldiers in battle 4 591 rockets and mortars on Israeli towns, mostly in the south.
Meanwhile, the Israeli army carried out by more than 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks have damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250 000 people ran for cover more than 100 UN to maintain the school, which had been converted into a temporary suojiksi.
Tens of thousands of people are still in shelters and continued fighting in the school authorities moved the start of school in the previous week.
"I hope that the school will open soon and we can get back to school, just like the other kids in the world, and just as the children of the Jews," said the resident of the town of Gaza school shelter for 13-year-old Mohammad Amara.
According to the commonly used the meter, housing prices have risen the most in seven years in the Australian winter months.
Australian capital city house prices of the RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic housing price index rose 1.1 percent in August, showed RP data on Monday.
The increase in June, July and August, the rise in prices was for a total of 4.2%, more than in the same months since 2007.
The annual rise in prices was 10.9%, which is more than twice as much as a year during the 12 months prior to the August 2013, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
According to the RP Data's Tim Lawlessin Sydney and Melbourne are at the top of the price increases.
Rp Data's results show that house prices rose by 16.1 per cent in Sydney and Melbourne 11.7% over the previous year.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin's housing market are next year do; price increases, with an average of five to six per cent.
The housing market is the weakest in Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4% a year as a result of the government's spending cuts.
According to the Lawlessin in Australia started Kevät increases the number of homes for sale in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"When you take into account the rise in the sale of the apartments to be auctioned, generally lively myyntitahti and continued low interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue to rise in the next three months," Lawless says.
The new museum has drawn-Gösta ennätysyleisöjä Mänttään
The new museum and the arts have been registering all-time record crowds this summer Mänttään.
By the end of August, at the Met Serlachiuksen has visited more than 70 000 visitors.
New Gösta-museum was opened in June and has been on display there for, among other things, the pop-art klassikkoteoksia Andy Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
Mäntän kuvataideviikot again said on Monday that it had kävijäennätyksen, when the wait-happening this summer, had visited 14 500 interested.
To such figures do not used to.
People's lapannut doors and windows, "says Paul-Sivonen Serlachius, the director of the museum.
Sivonen estimates that the number of visitors throughout the year will be Serlachius-museums make advances this year, hundreds of thousands.
In previous years there has been around 40 000 visitors.
Situated in the middle of the Tampere and Jyväskylä Mänttä-push is approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Museojohtaja Sivonen points out that the new museums are always the phenomena.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
It is hoped Mäntässä taidekauden continue far over the summer.
New exhibitions at the art museum opens in the autumn.
Police are investigating the theft of four in the last few days on the town.
On Sunday night Pohjolankadulla liikekiinteistöön was broken into by breaking a window.
Author was accompanied by a small amount of money from the cash register.
Between Thursday and Monday Syväojankadulla was stolen from a truck tank of fuel.
While Petäisenniskan Marina had been taken between Sunday and Monday's boat perämoottoreineen.
Rowing was Kalapalta-character from the outside and the inside of the blond kellertevä.
Nokkapuolella Sisälaidassa read the text "perfect."
A couple of suspects steal the police already get Daddy.
On Sunday night Tikkapurontiellä liikekiinteistöön was broken into.
Police dog found a trail and in his 20s paltamolaismies was found hiding under the tree in the forest.
On Monday, the police caught Paltamosta with another man, which is also suspected of having committed the same break-in.
Missing the meth brought the town charged with murder
The disappearance of less than 10 grams of amfetamiinierän brought murder charges kajaanilaismiehelle born in 1977.
According to the prosecutor, the man had gone to his partner, and with another man in the apartment and shot with a shotgun Officer drug exporter of the apartment manager, a 34-year-old kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the charges and claimed he was accompanied by another man as the shooter.
The incident came to the attention of the police, when a police patrol stopped the car, which the party had been smoking verityössä secondhand clothes.
The car was found in addition to the clay vaateriekaleiden sawed-off shotgun.
In the District Court to give judgment at a later date.
August was an unusually warm in many places.
According to the Meteorological department just as warm Elokuu occurs on average once every 10 years.
Meteorological department statistics show that the average temperature was higher than normal throughout the country.
In most of the country, the deviation was one to two degrees.
In July and August as a result of the entire summer heatwaves became warmer than usual.
Throughout the summer's highest temperature was measured in the first week of August, Porissa, where the meter showed 32.8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: My father never hugged me. "
He never told me he loved me.
Henry was born in Jamaica seitsenlapsiseen siirtolaisperheeseen Dudleyssa originates from the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory, and died while Henry's 19-year-old boy and his father's relationship was distant.
Henry is currently practicing Rudy's Rare Records -komediashow for the show, which is partly based on his father's visit with a hypothetical discussion and which has been developed on the basis of the Radio 4 series of the channel.
Soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap-upbeat pace.
Henry has had to go through the painful childhood memories.
He has been a lot of therapy after the death of his mother, and he is considering a lot of his relationship with his father.
My father was a very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only the voice said: "Stop the noise.
Please leave your sister alone.
Move!.
I'm looking at now cricket.
Older brother Seymour and Hilton, who had already grown-ups for me when I was a child, I went with my father in the pub and discussed the shape of the glass of beer, for example, or krikettilyönnin beauty.
I never talked to him about things like that.
For most of my life, he was for me it hymytön man in the corner, reading the newspaper.
Henry opened recently metallinsulattamon Dudleyssa and got this idea of what her father's life must have been, even though the working conditions are better now than it was then.
Sulattamot today are a little brighter, but in practice, they are dark, savuisia, labyrinttimaisia depths, where syöksähtelee flames, smoke and soot and are reminiscent of the Underworld.
Dad used to take a bath and just lie in the bathtub, and gradually he started singing to himself while cleaning ods dirt out of himself.
As I walked around the ods realized that he had done that job for years to get us the food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite the proximity of Henry's childhood was missing from the parents.
My father never hugged and never told me he loved me. "
Only when my mother's illness began shortly before he died, we began to repeat to each other, that we love each other.
Henry is the daughter Billie Dawn French's, and through her own child, she has been able to share the love of it, which was missing from her as a child.
Do you toisteltava all the time, "I love you"?
Stop it now, cuddling!
Dad, I'm 22!!
With Dawn French's.
Why don't we should be friends?
He's a great mother
Henry is still good friends with the French, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why Dawn and I, we wouldn't be friends?
He's a great mom.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons that led to the death of my mother's.
When I started to suffer from obesity and diabetes-symptoms, my doctor told me to do a U-turn.
After that, I started to work out a lot, and I was supposed to start a tough diet vähentääkseni symptoms.
It is a very difficult -
And boring. "
No one enjoy eating carrots.
Henry's well-known, with a short beard, perhaps the image of her transformation during his career.
After receiving a lot of good feedback on the broadsheet newspapers Othellona role, he has immersed himself in the theater.
Next up were the Comedy of Errors and August Wilson's fences ("fences").
The conclusion of the theater offers a different experience than sitcomit and comedies that Henry has done throughout the busy period of his career.
In the field of Henry began when he was only 16-year-old factory worker.
One of the disc jockey spotted her on the stage doing impressions and contacted the New Faces -kykykilpailuun.
Henry's TV career began in the mid-70s. "For quite a long time, I was the TV, the only black, an actor and comedian," he says.
Henry learned in doing the work.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce a veritable jokes from 1975 to 1985, while the body of the star and I was on TV, and it was a difficult time.
Lenny -kykykilpailussa New Faces in 1975.
Henry's managerilla was näyttämöoikeudet The Black and White Minstrel Show, light viihdeohjelmaan, where people were mustaihoisiksi makeup, so Henry ended up in a comedy programme for five years.
My family didn't like it.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never play a part in it, but I don't regret it.
Although the position was a strange and objectionable, I've got to work for big events and I learned how to deal with the audience.
Still, "the British TV award-winning, multi-annual favorite and light variety show" at the same time, it was "grotesque parody blacks and people."
Henry worked in the '80s, the second in a Comedy Series, which was taken as joke that was greatly admired, black.
The Lenny Henry Show, the first episode aired in 1984, and in the '90s, Henry was known for, among other things, "Hi chef Gareth Blacklockina Comedy Chef!
It's Henry spent the next decade commercials, documentaries, TV series and on elokuvaosien, but the BBC in 2008 after he displayed LennyHenry.tv-strikeouts, he said to himself: "What are you going to next, Len - now it seems that just pedal your seat or you're distracted for."
Next in line was Radio 4 Abandoned dokumenttisarja "What's So Great About...?").
In the first part was dealt with Shakespeare.
I've always tried to avoid the Shakespeare.
It's not exactly been taught us in school properly, and I think it belonged to the white middle classes, who wears tights and with money.
That's why Shakespeare-subject inspired fear in me.
All of the people interviewed in the program - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: "Try.
Don't dismiss the whole idea before you know what you're talking about. "
Seeing the words and you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry recited verses from the last speech Othello 20 for a documentary, and he had been sold.
I felt that I can do this. "
It almost felt like a part of me would have intervened in the past, and now it's been put in place.
"It's all about this, this is important, so I take it seriously, you learn you ever wrote, do a little research.
Harjoitteluprosessi was a rough, and I read the play for months before it was carried out.
At the end of the play was a success.
Apparently, it was expected to fail, but it never quite happened.
Soon after, Henry played the bulk of the Comedy of comedy.
All of a sudden I played the British national theater, and I really couldn't believe it.
At one point, the idea came to mind: "Oh, you've changed."
The play was once the technical problems, and Henry clearly felt that it was his job to entertain the audience.
"The little voice in my head said to me:" You have to deal with 10 minutes to go it alone, until the computer working again. ""
Instead, the assistant to the director, announced that the show will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out from the scene, and part of me great sigh of relief.
It's not my duty,
I can leave it in the hands of others.
"You're part of the play, stay in the moment."
Henry "fences" não Duchess Theater.
Don learning "fences" -näytelmään was challenging.
The panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
That, too, the play was well received, so it was like a sign from the gods; "This is what you have to do."
This, of course, Henry says KUMEALLA voice.
So, I decided to stick to this.
Sincerely, I love this job.
I love harjoitteluhuoneita..
Henry is still basically a comedian: Small huumorinpoikaset imitaatiosta constantly interrupt our conversation she switches to another.
Stand-up like the standup abstinence is tahdonkysymys, because getting immediate praise from an unidentified public appears to be dangerous.
If you crave it constantly, it can lead to a dead end.
I spend a lot of time at the Apollo Theatre, when you feel like it, but in general, it doesn't excite me in the same way as before.
I'll ask Henry, will he no longer go to a new stand-up tour.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the pilot, which will help to shape the whole way beginning, middle and end, and I don't think that I will never give up that feeling.
So this is his new jälleensyntymisensä?
I think so.
I love acting -
It's really fun. "
Näytellessä constantly tells a story, and I feel comfortable in that role.
And I love stories.
The people love stories.
Kenya will draw up a register of officials to remove "haamutyöntekijät."
Kenya has begun to draw up a biometric records of officials trying to remove "palkkalistoilta haamutyöntekijät" from the government.
The workers, who didn't sign up to the register in the next two weeks, should not pay any more, the government's press release was announced.
The government suspects that the lives of thousands of people are still being paid a salary after their virkamiestehtävänsä.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to root out corruption in the public sector since his office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to an audit of the "haamutyöntekijöiden" salaries and other economic mismanagement took a month for at least $1 million.
The government suspects that wages will be paid into an account after a person has died or left virkamiestehtävänsä, the BBC's Wanyama Chebusiri reports from the capital Nairobi.
All officials should inform themselves tunnistuskeskuksissa register in the next few weeks, in order to ensure that their data is stored biometrisessä rekisteröintimuodossa, was told the government's press release.
According to the press release all those who fail to do this without due cause, palkkalistoilta removed.
"This measure will significantly in the public sector, because it is defined by how many people actually works in office, and also saw cleaned palkkalistoja both levels of the government." "Haamutyöntekijöiden will resolve the problem," says Anne Waiguru, decentralisation and planning, an official of the Ministry of Cabinet.
Seinäjoki profit for the financial year 2015 may be left with a deficit of 25.5 million euros, unless the city adjust their activities and menokehitystään tense economic situation.
On the basis of the current talousarviovalmistelun vuosikate is a deficit of about 9.4 million.
The extent of the potential tehostamiskeinoina were displayed on the level of services and the haggling, as well as the purchase of services, the sale of assets and grants and tax and the addition of maksutuottojen.
A 10-million-euro investment karsintatavoitteesta together is 8.5 million.
The situation isn't going to local relief.
The new obligations imposed by the municipalities, the lack of revenue growth, rising unemployment and a 5% cut while state grants are undermining the prospects of further.
Talousseminaarin is designed to look for new ways to rebalance the economy.
The local government is agreed that savings have to be made.
The ship is translated into an objective of the strategy, the president of the Municipal Council says Kimmo Ruoho.
Yet the local government returned the proposals put forward in preparation for the management team.
Of the proposals are based on the council budjettivalmistelun talousseminaarissa Framissa on Monday 8 September.
After progressing through the budget Valtuustoseminaarin lautakuntakäsittelyn and on the Board of Supervisors.
Dozens of turkkilaispoliisit arrested for suspicion of "plot" against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "anti-government plot," the local medialähteet tell.
The police did not immediately comment.
According to the newspaper Hurriyet Daily News, was among those arrested 14 high-ranking police officials.
Part of the police was linked to the korruptiotutkimuksiin last December, which was a government officials, including four ministers from the government.
In July, a number of police officers were arrested in Turkey on charges of organising a broad rikollisvyyhden and monitoring of telephones.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who served as prime minister during that period) said the actions of the police officers to be part of islamistijohtaja Fethullah Gullenin him and other people in power against the planned activities.
All of the children are not going back to school in Ukraine
Most of the schools opened its doors to Ukraine on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
Traditionally, this is an important day for the families, and, like thousands of other ukrainalaisvanhempien Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk also took her daughter to school.
At the same time, he told waiting reporters that all schools will not be re-opened, but he said he was committed to defending the country for future generations. "
On the first day of September ceremony was not spent in every school.
The whole, there is no peace in Ukraine.
We have to fight for peace. "
For the whole of Ukraine, the whole of the huge ukrainalaisrintaman must fight for peace.
Alexand Pastukhov, who works as a leading Slavianskin as a teacher at the school, where Yatsenyukin's daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally come back here, and that the children can get the kind of learning, which is good news for them in the future.
The first school day celebrations are traditionally part of the children's embroidered shirts, balloons and flowers to the teachers.
According to the Texas, Perry libellous tweet was unauthorized
The Texas governor Rick Perry's Twitter account was established on Sunday night piiriasianajajasta blasphemous picture of the Democrats in the middle of this, when the accusations of abuse of power.
Tweetti was removed at a later date, and it was followed by a new tweetti, where Perry vowed that he has nothing to do with the picture.
Unauthorised Tweetti was sent to my account.
"I don't accept tweettiä and I've taken it," the paper said later.
Perry's backup did not immediately responded to the clarifications.
Even though the area sometime around established was sent to Perry's Twitter account, it is unclear who posted a picture.
The first tweet contained a blasphemous cartoon Travis piiriasianajaja Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted for drunk driving in April 2013.
Perry Lehmbergin blocked funding for the post, when it refused to resign, which led to a grand jury in Austin this month to arrange a meeting with Perry accused. Perry is a potential candidate for the presidential election in 2016.
The title of the tweet was: "I always drive drunk, three times higher than the permissible promillemäärillä... But when it happens, the finger of blame Governor Perry."
I'm a Texas humalaisin a Democrat.
The agency doesn't Lehmbergin led to the grand jury investigation against Perry.
Research was Michael McCrum, the special prosecutor in the San Antioniossa operate, whose republikaanituomari ordered for the job.
Perry has said that he was innocent and called the accusations a political ploy.
His influential oikeusaputiiminsä has asked a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law under which the Texas governor has been charged with the longest on duty, against a mirrored the constitution is unclear.
Perry cut off $7.5 million in state aid to the public of the integrity of the State Department, which operates in Travis County and deal with the accusations in the public sector, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision had left the group to make a formal complaint on the matter.
Perry confirmed Twitter account is updated on a regular basis - and sometimes even the famously.
After a fifth place in the Iowa rally during the year 2012 presidentinvaalikampanjansa Perry talks to end in a tie with the publication of a picture on Twitter of himself jogging around the lake, "the text, here we come South Carolina!".
According to the Berkeley housing market are "normal" again.
One of the main developers in London, has warned that the south-east of England's housing market are "returned to" normal aktiivisuustasolle.
The capital has been a huge demand for housing in London and the steep increase in prices at the same time as is feared widespread luottokuplaa, which prompted the Bank of England to impose restrictions on our institutions serving households in June.
A high level of developer Berkeley founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "the current since the beginning of the financial markets and the number of shops have returned to normal after the peak for the year 2013," and added that this has made it possible for "a stable environment."
The London housing market went very well during the recession, the swarms of foreign investors in the capital.
According to data from the Land Registry house prices in the city rose by only 18.5 percent over the previous year and thus clearly exceeded the average for England and Wales, which was 6.7 percent.
Berkeley private, affordable and opiskelijarakennusten average sales rose by about a fifth of the previous year, reaching £423 000 price increase by the end of April.
However, the pound has strengthened made real estate in London less attractive - part of the interest in the last few months have also contributed to the new kiinteistöverolait and political rhetoric about a possible "kartanoverosta" before the May yleisvaaleja.
London-based real estate agent Foxtons warned last week that the April asuntolainaraportti, where I was told more stringent lainausmääräyksistä, would lead to a lower level of markkinakasvun as well as in terms of real estate sales volumes and prices in the second half of the year.
On Monday, the Bank of England's recent data showed that the number of loans approved fell in July, suggesting viileneviin housing market.
Real estate agent Hamptons International has fallen by the year 2015 prediction of the London property prices, according to prices fall by 3%, because the homeowner's opinion, the index measuring the prices, has already begun to fade.
The number of trades made in London's most expensive areas in Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington High Street have dropped by a quarter a year ago, a real estate agent WA Ellis says.
Demand for homes in the capital, however, is a blessing for Berkeley, which increased the income of the properties sold for more than £2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that the "well-planned, with the right product demand the best sijainneilla has remained stable, and therefore, sales have remained strong."
In June, the company said it sold 3 742 a new home April in the preceding year. This is almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak reached in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profits soared by 40 per cent of the issued a year ago, I saw £380 million and turnover grew by 18% of the £1.6 billion.
Pidgley told me on Monday, before the company's annual meeting that the Berkeley record of the year corresponds to the current expectations of the market.
Analysts agree that the full year pre-tax profit to £450 million.
Berkeley sold shares in the afternoon, the London Stock Exchange at a price of £23,96 evenly.
Hacker Jennifer Lawrence's nude photos leaked online
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th annual Academy Awards -palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
The hacker, who claimed to hold hundreds of other leaked images of the star Oscar-actress Jennifer Lawrence's nude photos online.
The Hunger Games star's representative confirmed that the photos are genuine and condemned the hacker "outrageous violations of privacy."
Authorities have been contacted, and all the people who publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence will receive the accusations.
The photos, which originally was published kuvanjulkaisusivulla myspace, were apparently have ended up in the wrong hands because of the weakness of Apple's iCloud-recording system. A hundred other hacking for the sake of being on the list is allegedly the dozens of other naistähtiä, such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed told me.
It is not known how many of the photos are genuine, although Scott Pilgrim vs. The world star Winstead condemned the hacking on Twitter.
"For those of you who are watching me and my husband, our home pictures taken by many f i fields years ago: I hope you have a good mind," Winstead just tweeted.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly" and "Victorious" the Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, and just tweeted that "these so-called surrealist nudes... I think are fake, you don't understand."
Let me make this end in the bud.
BuzzFeedin announced late on Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande's representative denied the authenticity of the images of the star.
We have just published an extract from the Howard Jacobson with praise for the new novel, which tells the story of love and j-letter
They become less pressing, it was best described what happened, they gradually came off each other than out in the rain stayed with the cardboard box.
Only once in a while, he heard from a woman that was too serious, hard, an intense, from, and perhaps also the prickly.
That's when he swung his arm.
He recognized by some sort of.
Yes, he was a prickly, like a hedgehog.
The latest victim was in the early stages of his piikkiensä had an affair, which had, however, been a promising; was it has seemed that this relationship would have been able to facilitate his lonely tylsyyttään, and it might have been able to bring his life, even something of substance.
Ailinn Solomonsilla was kesyttämättömät hair, and he was the delicate gentle beauty iloluontoisella heart, north of the village, which was even harsher and away from everything as Port Reuben.
He had come to the south to the parent with a traveling companion, whose Kevern assumed to be her aunt. She had inherited the house, which was located in a damp but paratiisimaisessa valley, and the name of the valley was conveniently Paratiisilaakso.
The house wasn't anybody lived for many years.
The pipes leaked out, all of the sunken was spiders, snails were left scars on the windows, bearing the place as his own, grew up in the weeds in the garden, which resembled giant kaalinpäitä.
The cabin was like a children's fairy tale, and at the same time threatening and magical, a garden full of secrets.
The writer said: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is nominated for the Booker Prize for Literature in 2014.
Ehdokkuudet will be published next week
Kevern had sat hand in hand with broken Ailinnin terassituolilla long grass in the middle, savoring a surprisingly warm spring afternoon, listening to both hajamielisesti receiver, through which the whole country has heard tyynnyttävää music and reassuring news, when Ailinnin folded, the sun Kevernin ruskettamat legs brought to mind a song that was sung long ago Ombria black performer, and that his father was often listened to a cabin blinds down.
Your leg is too big.
The songs that were too aggressive from the outset, and they played receiver anymore.
They had not been banned - nothing's really been banned - they are no longer just played.
They wanted to leave a trace, such as the word unholakin itself.
The general consensus achieved what laws and put sequences had not been achieved: Just as in the area of literature, people chose the Coalition with the memoirs, cookbooks and romance, with regard to the music they prefer some ballads
Today's villiinnyttämänä Kevern began to dial the imaginary piano and serenading Ailinnin big feet-styled comedy voice.
Ailinn didn't understand.
"It was a jazz pianist Fats Waller's famous song," Kevern told him, and at the same time, a naturally raised two fingers to his mouth.
I saw her father had always done, before "j" followed by managed to escape his lips.
It had started as a game between her and her father when she was little.
His father told me they played the same game with his own father.
If you let your mouth j a word, and you couldn't remember to raise two fingers in front of your mouth, you had to pay a penny.
It wasn't very fun game back then, and it wasn't about to start now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that's all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of such a thing.
Jazziakaan wasn't exactly been declared a prohibited, it doesn't just played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life was only room for one-word if.
At the start of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
Nokkeluudelle had been in the same way.
The unpredictability of it made people nervous.
The music and jazz was made through the wit.
While Kevern wasn't heard by the age of 10 years, Sammy Davis Jr, jazz music had become familiar to him, his father puolisalaisen via CD collection.
Well, at least he didn't have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account the age of the Ailinnin was likely that he couldn't remember a time when popular singers weren't black.
There was no need for laws, rather than coercion.
Obedient society meant that each of its parts are accepted with gratitude - gratitude, that they were as luck would have been spared - the principle that each group made it the natural things.
On the basis of the physical characteristics, and More of the Afro-Caribbean ancestry possess the people best suited to entertain and sport, so they sang and ran.
Originally from the Indian continent were like a naturally gifted with electrical equipment, so their task was to ensure that every family had a cell phone, which was used to treat things.
Those who were left in the Polish community, worked putkimiehinä; the last of the Greeks broke the plates.
When the SE, what happened to the IF happened to that came true, I wanna and they were from the Middle East, whose grandparents had not fled the premises for fear that they would be blamed roihahtamisesta flames and fearing that they will reach the next to them in the flames, opened restaurants, with labneh-yogurt burned and smoke a water, and continued their lives Blick hinunter luotuina bored and depressed.
Every council must act according to his.
Ailinn was heard just balladeja, and he found it difficult to understand how the offensive words just Kevernin laulamat had never been put on music.
Through the music was expressed love.
"They're not really hurtful," Kevern said.
Except maybe isojalkaisten thinks.
My father never hurt anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but an abandoned garden created the illusion of safety.
Not a single word of the giant kaalinpääkasvien äänieristyksen through newspapers.
Ailinn still doesn't understand.
Why did your father loved something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was a joke, but I didn't want to raise two fingers to his lips Ailinnin company.
Ailinn thought he was weird right now.
"It was funny," the father says, "he said instead.
Ailinn shook his head in disbelief, and her hair covered with Kevernin vision.
Nothing more to see here in the world than Ailinnin huge, variksenmusta Hiuspehko.
Anything else, she didn't want to see.
"If you say so," he said, but he didn't sound convinced.
It does not, however, explain why you sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely confused.
My legs are so big?
He looked at it again.
Your feet don't exactly have great.
Your ankle, maybe, a little bit.
And you hate me because my ankle are too thick?
And I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He would have been able to say "I love you," but it was still too early for that.
"I find you attractive because of the thick on your ankles," he was trying to fix the situation.
I'm twisted sense. "
This didn't help.
He had wanted it to sound like fun.
Often, when he wanted to entertain, the effect was quite different, because of him, such as his isältäänkin, it lacked persuasive charm, in which the characters from the cruelty can be controlled.
Maybe his father was meant to be cruel.
Maybe he, Kevern, wanted the same thing.
Despite the soft eyes..
Ailinn Solomons and blushing rose terassituoliltaan and knocked over at the same time, the receiver and spilled wine, which is exactly what they were drinking.
But wine was done just seljankukista, so that he could not use the cause of törmäilyn.
Hermostuneisuudessaan, he looked shaky, as laden palm tree leaves in the storm.
"And you have a thick head is what fascinates me, a wicked," he said.
Except that doesn't seem like it. "
Kevern was sorry for Ailinnin, as well as their own, due to an unnecessarily cruel words that because of the fear of it, which was reflected in the eyes of this at the moment, when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Ailinn thought that he wouldn??
He was never told Kevernille life a winter cold northern archipelago, where he had grown up, but Kevern was convinced that it was basically the same as life here, too.
The same huge, the frozen sea, which aaltoili against them.
The same confusing men, but after what happened yet kalpeammat and pirullisemmat than the smuggler...... and hajottajaisovanhempansa, roamed the pub to the pub, ready to hit every woman who would dare to oppose or tease them.
A thick head?
Still, he could see a thick fist, unless I had to be careful.
First - Imuta pussaamisesta had become the most common cause of a man and a woman, "an erotic encounter; the receiver out pumppaavien meaningless rakkausballadien antidote - imuta first and then attack.
Kevernin believes that even that was too much, because it already imuttaminen itself was hostile.
Ailinn Solomonsin body language urged him to leave.
He pulled himself up terassituolista like an old man.
Ailinn also felt somewhat fatigued, but the depth of the grief Kevernin surprised him.
This wasn't the end of the world.
They barely knew each other. "
Ailinn followed him go - just as his matkakumppaninsa watched Kevernin plans from an upstairs window - the man who was the reason for the heavy life itself.
Adam leaving from the garden, he wondered.
He's an hour säälintunnetta Keverniä and men in general, even though some of them turned out to be raised his hand to strike against him.
His back turned, bent, HÄPEÄVÄ, a beaten man, which was missing all the fighting spirit - why she felt that her vision was so familiar, even though he didn't remember that had never before seen anything like that before this moment?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he looked at his feet.
Just a few years before the event, described in the bright and eager for a 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked in the general opinion in a private facility Ofnowissa, made a brief inquiry keskikovan low and the continuation of violence in those areas of the country, where the decline in violence, or even disappearance, was most likely used to eradicate it, taking into account the money and energy.
"A lot has been done, and much remains to be done," he wrote, "in order to pave the way for thousands of years, most of the fighting and winning the people's natural aggression, particularly those in remote corners of abandoned and where, in spite of the hedgerows of kirkontorneista ihmislempeyttä is rarely known historically.
There are some things, however, will not be removed completely.
The higher the tower, it lower are generated by its appetites.
The nation is crying on sentimentaalisten stop weepy, devouring voitetuista telling the stories of hardship and vows of marriage and family life in the name of the virtues, but at the same time, the cruelty of the decades to keep hellittämättömässä yhteisasuinalueita maalaisyhteisöjä grip, as well as the population, and it is also evidence of a new, pahasieluisemmasta riitelyntahdosta homes, workplaces, and even leikkipuistoissa on our streets.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to over-dramatize", his mentor, had no comment when he read the report as a whole.
I would suggest that you read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum declined to gaze to the ground.
In addition, I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"I believe that I don't have to answer that question," Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme is still invoked his right not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, the silence.
"I didn't ask," Luther Rabinowitz said, "because I am against ateismia, lesboseksuaalisuutta and feminism.
This is not maintained prejudice in the workplace.
We are the servants of a society.
Although a degree of hypersensitivity in itself is perfectly acceptable and honorable, it can sometimes lead to perverse outcomes, such as to what exactly you asked me.
Obviously, you've got something against the Church - and that's what you call julmuudeksi or pahasieluisuudeksi, others call the coastguard usually luontaiseksi energisyydeksi and physical.
Saying that what happened to the IF happened to that, as if it had happened yesterday, if it happened in the first place, destroying the country's fundamental vitality.
Rabinowitzin Esme Nussbaum looked around, talking.
Behind the head Rabinowitzin flamingonvaaleanpunainen LED light declared a guideline, which is already maalle Ofnow had shared the previous quarter-century or longer.
Smile for your neighbor, the value of your partner, listen to balladeja, go to musicals, use your phone, talk to explain, listen, I do not agree with, I apologize.
The talking is better than the silence and the singing of the written word is better than you, but there's nothing like love.
"I understand very well what you want to say," Esme Nussbaum replied quietly, when I was sure that his mentor was finished, "and I just want to say that we are not as effectively as we imagine ourselves to be improved.
I'm worried that if you don't warn us, we see the same mistakes toistavamme, which initially led to WHY, what happened to the IF happened to that.
This time, though, we don't shed we hate and distrust each other.
Luther Rabinowitz formed the pyramid with his fingers.
This gesture meant endless patience. "
"You're going too far," he said, "the lights" errors "those acts which our grandparents may have to do or not to do.
You're going too far, too, when you say that they shed their "anger and of other". "
The rebellion in a position, you should not have to remind you that when it comes to understanding of the past, or the defence of the present, we're not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and "other." "
It was a time of chaos, that's all, what we know about it.
"If we're absolutely honest, in all the chaos," Esme dared to continue, "none of the group of society can't say käyttäytyneensä well.
I don't blame anyone.
That's what was done, was done, whether it be good or bad.
Then, it was at that time.
It doesn't need to talk about it any more - we agree.
And just as it is unnecessary to distribute accusations, does not need to make adjustments, whether they are justified or not, and even if there was some way to make them.
But what for the past is there, then, if it does not take a lesson --
The past is there, so that we can forget about it.
If I may add one more thing --
Luther Rabinowitz broke pyramidinsa.
"I'm going through your report," he said, and expressed that Esme, it was time to leave.
The next day, he went to work as normal hit him on the sidewalk, a motorcycle racer, whose driving killed a bystander described "pahasieluiseksi and rank."
Coincidences happen.
The Lesotho army denies he planned to attack; Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
The Lesotho army officials have denied the government lavastaneensa referred to the attack and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm the political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official apartment and have taken over government buildings in the capital, Maseru.
The head of state's trip with her family to neighbouring South Africa told me that has received kuolonuhkauksen.
Military spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said that the army responded to this threat, which came from "the political fanaticism." It has been said police were trying to arm the fanatics.
"The Lesotho Defence Force took action after receiving a number of intelligence, according to which some police forces are trying to arm puoluefanaatikkoja when these young people are prepared to cause problems," he told the Voice of America -uutistoimistolle.
The President of the South African government, according to the army's actions showed Clayson Monyelan vallankumousyritykseltä.
"Even if no party has not claimed kumonneensa government by force, the Lesotho military actions appear to have the hallmarks of the coup in all respects," he says.
According to the officials of the Lesotho army soldiers returning kasarmeilleen on Sunday, and the mood in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing will lead the government Thabanen's absence.
Thabane says that it believes it is the subject of the operations, because he has been trying to combat corruption.
There have been tensions in Lesotho since June, when Thabane suspended parliament sessions of the grand coalition government because of disagreements.
He denies väheksyneensä saw the power of the government, even though the contrary.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft to set up the EU average Data Centre
Tietotekniikkayritys Microsoft has set up a place on the EU average of the Data Centre, which the company won't specify the location.
Microsoft's press release sent by the media, the company says, it does not tell all datakeskuksiensa location for security reasons.
According to Microsoft, the centre is already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
It is Microsoft for several hundreds of millions of dollars in investment.
In the public eye as a place of the Centre was widely mentioned earlier Oulua or Kajaania.
Microsoft stopped completely Oulu job cuts, which will take about 500 people in the workplace.
In all, Microsoft has announced a maximum of 1 050 Finland jobs.
Microsoft's newsagency, Camilla Lindfors says, that the company had no comment on how many staff to employ new Data Centre.
On Monday, the establishment of the EU average Datakeskuksen told Kauppalehti.
Man has been charged with the girl päälleajosta liikennevaloristeyksessä
The 78-year-old man has been charged with driving on a three-year-old girl liikennevaloristeyksessä Fifessä.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving on a girl in the eastern corner Pittenweenissä Neukissa.
According to the prosecutors, Stewart drove the Audi Q3 -autollaan unwisely and caused her injuries.
Anstrutherista, originally from Stewart, 78, denied the charges at Dundee Sheriff.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial be held in January.
Four tips to better underwater photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or video of the underwater, you've got the valittavanasi several.
The cheapest option is waterproof, compact point-and-shoot camera, as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action-camera, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which will cost about $300.
Personally, I took these pictures perhejuhlassa using multiple cameras, each of which cost less than $350.
Regardless of the device, there are a few rules, which should be respected.
Please check your device always twice.
Even if you have a camera, but to make sure that the camera and other parts of the battery is closed rebate.
In addition to set the camera kuvausasetukset to answer for pictures or video.
In some of the cameras or camera and a video camera combinations of a regulation that will optimise kuvausolosuhteet underwater.
In addition - before you jump into the water, make sure how deep you can take your device.
Some of the cameras will last only 5 ft depth, others for up to 50-60 feet deep.
Get to know that as well as ordinary vedenpitäviin models digikameroiden oppaassamme purchase, and the reviews.
Take a series of photos - many of them fail in some way.
Kompakteissa cameras have LCD display, which can help sommitella picture, while action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have LCD, it is difficult to see under the water, and the picture of the composition can either succeed or fail.
So, take a series of pictures.
If your camera allows haarukoinnin also, which means taking several images at once, in different settings, take advantage of this feature.
Stay close to the surface.
Light will decrease significantly deeper than that.
If possible, stay close to the surface when describing the swimming pool, lake or ocean.
This is how you get kuviisi also adds to the colors; the deeper you go, the less the colors.
I try to get close to the target.
This is an important piece of advice in the country, but it's even more important under the water, because the light conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when there is action-camera: In this equipment is often a fixed lens with a wide angle, so the photographer has to be close to the target, in order to meet the target over the whole picture frames.
China does not allow Hong Kong to choose their leaders - the demonstrators swear revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday that Hong Kong's voters are not allowed to choose the candidates for the 2017 election year growing, demanding democratic reform, despite the unrest.
The decision is likely to provide a spark for Hong Kong's business blocks long protesteille activists began to plan and implement the clamour just hours after the publication of the decision.
In practice, the National People's Congress, the decision to give the power of the Communists to root out all the candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it's still a maddening," says the chairman of the Democratic Party, the legislator Emily Lau.
This isn't it, what Beijing promised.
They have lied to Hong Kong.
It is clear that we act with the autocratic regime.
The committee of China's National People's Congress, China's Deputy Secretary-General Li Fei defended the administration, saying that the general election of the choice of Hong Kong's leader would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, the disposal of the Great Britain to China, Hong Kong, Beijing promised the people of the region, that it would get to choose its own leader from 2017 onwards.
According to the Chinese leaders Sunday's decision was a democratic breakthrough, because it will allow direct elections of Hong Kong would be able to vote, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control the tight electoral process through nimittämiskomitean, operated from Beijing.
According to the new clause only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong"), will be accepted.
Before the summer, the decision was held in Hong Kong, some of the largest and most attention in the region that triggered protests in years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign was largely the Occupy Central With Love and Peace Movement, which the organisers have threatened to block the operation of the business on the block, if Beijing does not grant genuine universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
On Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central movement gathered in the rain in front of the Hong Kong päähallintorakennusten.
The organizers of the protest movement, announced their move to move to a new era of kansalaistottelemattomuuden protestiaaltoja and they would result in the coming weeks.
They do not told the details, however, apparently, fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In a press release, published by the online organizers said that the move "to keep the Occupy Central -tempausta as a last resort, which will be used only if there's no hope for dialogue and there is no other way."
We very much regret that we announce that today is the last chance for dialogue has foundered and the takeover of downtown is going to happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday, security was tight with disabilities, close to the government... There was such as the police and barricades.
The Hong Kong unrest feeds many feeling that people are slowly losing power to the city.
A wave of arrivals from the mainland has caused the competition for products and services.
In addition to live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some people have criticised the Occupy Central movement, because it threatens the lifeblood of Hong Kong protests - the business world.
"The protest, which they're talking about, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people take part in it and how long it takes," says lawmaker Regina Ip, who has long criticized the move.
We don't want that spreads to the concern that Hong Kong is edging out otteestamme.
This would be bad for the image of the.
Chinese state media has also been stories, according to which the Hong Kong's pro-democracy activists are a revolution of the prophets of the western powers minions. "
This summer, the activists staged an unofficial referendum on voting rights, which was attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest demonstrations in support of democracy in the region.
The tradition of the United States-PROM hits British universities: The new students yksityisjettejä
We couldn't be more excited to demand through the establishment of Britain's first luxury journey, today's students.
The company offers yksityislentokoneen, but also other vehicles, including a Rolls-Royce Phantom, an Aston Martin or a McLaren P1, so that the customer can ensure the arrival of big-time college as possible.
Stewart says the service is also the security aspect.
The service is the best possible choice for students who otherwise around property across the country on packed to the cars.
When you combine that with many of the characteristics of the VIF (VIP friends), we are prepared to offer the easiest possible today's students and high-quality transport to college.
According to a representative of the company's bookings hasn't come yet, because the service is a newly created, but added that the "act of orders, the students will begin in the next few weeks."
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, even though most of the students are paying £9,000 lukuvuosimaksuja.
Today's students are in terms of expectations and hopes for a very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, the school started, and now it is more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and VIF is exactly the right way to do it.
However, the national Studentenverbindung criticised the service, which is not realistic.
According to the organisation's korkeakouluosion Vice President Megan Dunn, "This palvelusuunnitelma appears to be very far away from opiskelijaenemmistön life."
Many of the studies will begin this month stunned the level of cost of living, while the financial aid available in the form of loans and grants are lagging behind the rise of the peruselinkustannusten; only then can start thinking about where to find thousands for use in such a simple matter than the arrival on campus.
Ipswich "sikatalo" for sale
Real estate agents removed the sale of a house in Suffolk, your money shot when he realises that a picture of a house in the living room's a big pig.
A one-bedroom house, which the price is £120,000, is located on a private road in Ipswich.
The announcement was part of the picture in the living room, where a pig's head was leaning on the couch.
According to the real estate agent Connellsin picture of a pig is the owner's pet.
"The picture, however, ended up in the announcement by mistake, and it has since been deleted," the company's spokesman tells me.
Notice of Connells describes the former kokoustaloa "unique one-bedroom house."
Even though the real estate has removed the picture verkkosivuiltaan, it still reflects the advertisements.
The house sale has sparked interest in social media, where there were questions whether the pig, the price of a house.
Torres' departure was confirmed, the Village Chief returns to Manchester United: Watching from
Chelsea Espanjalaishyökkääjä Fernando Torres' departure was confirmed, but the replacement came in, almost too!
Chelsea announced a four-year contract pestanneensa ranskalaiskärki Loic Remy naapuriseura QPR.
According to press reports, the purchase price is 13 million euros.
Torres, 30, moves Jalkapalloseura Milaniin of two years.
He joined Chelsea from Liverpool amounting to the sum of £50 million four years ago, but never met expectations.
It also came to a screeching halt japanilaispelaaja Shinji Kagawa failed trip to Manchester United.
As expected, the Village Chief returns to the German Bundesliga Borussia watching, where he made his breakthrough before the Manchester United-off course.
According to press reports, the purchase price is approximately 8 million euros.
Kagawa fresh is a four-year contract.
I wanted to make my dream come true in the Premier League.
Now I'm happy when I was back in the Dortmund man.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, the Village Chief said.
The second bundesliigaseura Hertha Berlin stronger, Salomon Kaloulla.
The Ivorian Lillestä Herthaan maajoukkuehyökkääjä moves to the French, and siirtosummaksi is estimated at around EUR 3 million.
Before Kalou Lille, 29, played for the years 2006-12 in Chelsea.
The Paris kerrostaloräjähdyksessä already eight dead
The number of fatalities rose to eight Monday after the accident in the Paris suburb of kerrostaloräjähdyksen.
Rosny-sous-Bois' n suburb in the accident on Sunday, 11 people were injured, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers were searching for elonjääneitä from the ruins of the house yet on Monday, but the hope of finding survivors faded.
The preliminary cause of the explosion is suspect a gas leak.
The explosion occurred in the early hours of Sunday, and was so powerful that it shook buildings in more than 100 meters.
We need the whole house was moving: Vapisimme with fear.
The explosion was so powerful that our ears are ringing, "described the turmapaikan Maryline Yyvon who lives next door.
A nearby school was erected as early as Sunday mushroomed over the residents of the house.
Only part of the life & B star presentation at 17: 00
Only at the ceremony will be presented to the lives of the series stars.
The stars of the programme, met earlier in the day one of the series for the first time after the filming.
Part of the media in the early evening tähtistä is available Four Expo -nimeä pregnant TV at the Expo.
Four Media, will present at the ceremony, with dozens of ruutukasvojen syysohjelmistonsa
Only the lives of the autumn series are involved in the Walter-Matti Loiri, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them are therefore iltatilaisuudessa and ISTV: Live here.
The opportunity to start Sebastian Rejmanin juontamalla Four Media different channels in the autumn with a presentation of software.
After the share of guided ISTV: The camera crew is seeking only life -tähtiä interviews.
The article has been updated: All the only life -esiintyjät are not present at the ceremony of the evening.
This just in the opportunity to start a little bit might be delayed.
I don't see all the broadcast mobiililaitteilla.
HJK getting a player Trinidad and Tobago
The European football league survived HJK is taking on a new player Trinidad and Tobago.
The country's pääsarjaseura W Connection FC: According to the HJK has made the loan Joevin Jones.
Joevin Jones is a 23-year-old midfielder, who has done a W Connection 55 28 goals in a match.
Trinidad and Tobago team Jones has played 35 games. "
The first told Siirtouutisesta Socawarriors-jalkapallosivuston says Jones has been one of the IT Pro -liigan tähtipelaajista two last season.
According to the W Connection of Jones will travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian vankilahenkilökunta to national protest
Hundreds of prison officers around the capital city of Sofia, Bulgaria protested in front of the Ministry of Justice.
The peaceful demonstration they declared that he wants to back the old työskentelysäännökset, which was recently amended.
Wage growth also is scheduled to discuss with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have already months have protested against the new extends symbolically, saying that they want to go back to the old a 24-hour rota system.
Vankilatyöntekijöiden organization and the representatives of the Ministry of Justice, in spite of the meeting there was no agreement on the matter, the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) tells the story.
The negotiations are ongoing, the Director-General of the enforcement of judgments Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR.
The organization is also expected to join the protest Vankilatyöntekijöiden employees of the Interior Ministry Associa members.
Basketball: Almost too much encouragement from fans: Sasu Sal was passed out on the field
Sasu Sal's basketball was the embodiment of the Finnish victory today.
He was able to forget the U.S. jet-black-floored game and the second half, the blood of Ukrainian seisauttavilla solutions.
But Sal susifaneille transferred all the glory - and did it in style:
I almost passed out there on the field at the end, it was such a great encouragement.
But in the eyes of the oozing, couldn't have anything.
It was a little bit overwhelming for me, and the white noise almost too much.
Salinin tehohetket kept within nine points at a fast pace, pallonriistoja, levyreitä and temmellystä all over the place where it happened.
I don't know how it happened, but I got into a flow-space that everything worked out.
But there will be something someday, now just incredibly important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
It's my role. "
To do all that.
Now, it was great to see that the others were getting into it.
It grabbed the whole gang. "
The courtroom is the life and soul of the team and hengenluoja, so it's no wonder that her example brought the whole team's flight, which was a big and kovakouraiselle viisikolle Ukraine too much.
Finland in the World Cup in 32 years after the break: The previous was reminiscent of an outrageous tuomaripeli
Bag-carrying Heikki Montonen (STAR.) was the Finnish as head coach of Argentina's World Cup tournament in 1982.
The 32 years have passed since the Finnish men's national volleyball team last played in the World Cup Finals Tournament.
Seppo Sirkka was the only suomalaiskuvaajana, the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen was kakkosvalmentajana Finland and the current player-agent Jouni Parkkali yleispelaajana.
Kosonen and Parkkali remembers the tournament than it was yesterday, one thing: It was alkulohkossa burning up the match against France.
"It was a blatant ratkaisupalloissa tuomaripeli match," remembered the Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled takaviivalle.
All of a sudden the game jatkettiinkin.
It lost 2-3, and then throwing more freaked out, "said Parkkali.
Finland played head coach Heikki Montosen in command and eventually scored in 17: 13th.
Finland is now one of the world's valioiden again, when Poland's World Cup tournament gets started today on Saturday.
Many things have changed dramatically in the international volleyball for 32 years.
The strength of the players-values are more or less the same range as before, but the quality and the skill is now more.
The players also keskipituudet have grown.
The game is faster, "wondered Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland? "
The Finnish pelaajamateriaali has expanded, and will be able to share the burden.
I expect that Finland alkulohkosta gets to the next round.
Then I can come to the already tight, "assessed Kosonen.
Seppo a cricket
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were victorious in the attack in a match against Tunisia.
The current player-agent Jouni Parkkali yleispelaajana was the World Cup tournament.
Let's hope that now the petrataan 17th place.
South Korea and Tunisia should go out of business, "said Parkkali.
Kakkosvalmentajana Lajilegenda Reino Kosonen was the national team in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri Leppänen and Kari Körkkö tuulettivat-Tunisia game.
The sauna and Buenos Aires iltahartaus merimieskirkossa were part of the programme of the national team in the World Cup tournament in 1982.
Kari Kali (STAR.) with the lovely joukkuetoveriensa.
The young star -laulukilpailun competitive finals - no victory for the South Karelia
The young tähti -laulukilpailun reached the finals Fern Vento and Veeti Tikkanen did not progress to victory in the competition.
Other investments in the competition is not published.
According to the Teija Immosen singing teacher in the kingdom, the competition has been popular.
It's a good experience. "
Yet the finalists levyttävät Virret competition.
Kilpailuhetkistä will always nice memories, Immonen says.
Suomalaisturistit rescued Cita-dog off a mountain in Norway: "These men deserve all the credit."
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were stranded in the mountains on Thursday, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered to help.
At the weekend, Mikkelsen was looking for "international heroes" on Facebook, so he could thank auttajiaan once again.
Mikkelsen said in a public Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains have been Cita-dog was hurting their paws.
Injured dog is no longer able to walk the steep terrain.
I tried to carry it myself down, but I couldn't, so I had to let it go.
I tried many times to attract and pull it a bit further, but it just didn't have the legs, Mikkelsen päivityksessään writes.
Mikkelsen's help, they refused, according to the police, who is close to the hotel and not one of the passangers.
By nightfall, the situation has already started to look threatening.
Happily, there happened to be the same two who were willing to help: Tamperelainen Antti Soini and his father, Tom.
The men were visiting Norway's highest mountain and headed Galdhøpiggenillä leiripaikalleen, when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of the mountain side.
(Mikkelsen) was relatively calm compared to the situation.
Offered to help her with a dog, Antti Soini tells The night-Sanomille sent the message.
Soon, the site also happened to become a German man, who had the retkipatja with him.
The mattress Citalle was like the stretcher, to which the injured dog was given.
Saksalaismies came in a moment after us, when we were wondering what to do with the dog and the dog for a second lap wore down the ramp, Soininen says.
Photo: Tom Soini
The dog was collected through retkipatjan down.
According to Soini performance wasn't physically tough, but carrying the rough terrain, proceeded slowly.
About one and a half hours after the Cita, however, was happily all the way down.
After what happened on Facebook, "Mikkelsen was looking for more international heroes," so he could thank them once again.
Soinit dwas him on Sunday, but saksalaismies is apparently still not touch.
I don't know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen rejoices.
If they hadn't helped me, we would not necessarily have moved back.
I'd like to find these people, because it seems to me that I thanked them enough.
They certainly don't know how much this means to me. "
These men deserve all the praise and glory, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, the Soinit were already on the way home.
They had to understand happy news: - Cita reportedly feeling better already!
Susanna Mälkkiä presented at the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin ylikapellimestariksi
The three-year Mälkin would start in the autumn would end in the spring of 2016 and 2019.
The draft also includes an option for two lisäkaudesta.
Sellistinä Mälkki started his career.
He is internationally renowned conductor and received the Pro Finlandia -mitalin in 2011.
At the moment, kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestarina works by John Storgårds.
The beautiful and pretty brave and courageous series returns to the square today after the summer recess.
The name of the suggestive Avausjakson raises questions.
Finland's all-time most popular soap opera have beautiful and brave return kesätauolta today.
The name is suggestively Paluujakson "oral luck with Eric."
Iltapulun ohjelmakuvauksessa episode said the following:
Eric and Donna will discuss the family relationships, ordering syömäpuikkoruokaa, drinking white wine and remembering rakkaushistoriaansa.
Eric's dress shirt-faithful to what it is.
The colour of Lounaspaidan he has opted for a white, which lilertää.
Katie Ridge offers support for this deal with Brooke and Bill's relationship with traumas.
Ridge, he doesn't have not yet gotten over the problems.
Bill is working on their own Brookelassa ristiriitojaan.
Brooke doesn't like the fact that the man goes out there trying to get him back.
"I want Ridge, didn't you, Bill."
A genetic abnormality is often wrongly diagnosed
The death of a British woman was afraid for years because of a misdiagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought most of the youth that he only had a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
Actually, he suffered from Charcot-Marie-Toothin disease (CMT). It means a set of genetic diseases that damage the nerves in the brain and spine to outsiders.
According to the Charity CMT UK -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön wrong diagnosis is a common problem for the CMT-cases, because so little is known about them.
According to estimates, about 23 000 people in Britain suffer from the CMT-disease, which causes motoriikassa symptoms, such as weakness, trouble walking and toes kippuraisuutta.
The disease can also cause numbness or pain, and it is an incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms worsen over time.
The Bahamas with a 13-year-old he thought she was suffering Friedreichin ataxia (FA), which has a very poor survival.
Rodgers believed being in a wheelchair before they turn 18 and was going to die before they reach the age of 30.
Today, the 51-year-old mother of two children, says that "as a child, I knew that I can't do the same things as the other.
I fell on a daily basis, and it took me longer than all the other.
I couldn't ever rullalautailemaan rollerblading or with the other kids, and I was being bullied at school because I walked and ran in a different way than the others.
In the Bahamas, 13-year-old was carried out to him several feet suoristamiseksi Achilles tendon surgery. Surgery, the doctor left the room, he glanced at tutkimuspapereitaan quickly, which they said he suffers from the disease in the FA Cup final.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but when I get home I checked information relating to the disease in the library, and I wrote to the FA-association," he says.
When I got the information from them, I was shocked and paniikinomaisessa mode.
I thought I'd be in a wheelchair by the age of 18 and to die before I would fill 25, and in between I would lose slowly defending as a whole.
I went through this on my own and I was planning my own funeral.
Rodgers says that by the age of 17, he said that his walk had deteriorated so much as he had thought, and asked the doctor about this.
The doctor just hugged me and said: "My dear girl, I don't think you have this disease, because otherwise you'd be in a wheelchair."
I think that you suffer from something considerably less dangerous disease.
On the basis of some of the genetic tests, he was diagnosed with the disease CMT.
"When it was explained to me, what's the CMT-disease is, I thought I'd lykästäneen me," he says.
The Charity CMT UK -järjestää CMT-month to draw attention to the disease.
A hundred migrants were found in hiilivaunusta in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants coal transported to the train, the country's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
The stowaways were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late on Sunday Velesistä Central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with the majority of them.
They didn't know where they are, where they came from and where we are going, "said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Koteski.
Police say the migrants had paid about 3 000 euros each to get to Greece, and a further EUR 800-900 more to get to Serbia.
A lot of illegal immigrants passing through Macedonia in a couple of million people on their way to Western Europe.
A bloody civil war in Syria has already fled the three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support Scottish independence
Popyhtyeet Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined the Scottish independence supporters.
According to the Guardian newspaper tähdittävät bands in a couple of weeks ahead of the concert in Edinburgh, which supports itsenäisyyshanketta.
The Scottish independence referendum on 18 September. "
In a press release, Mogwai, said that the vote is an opportunity for the Scots, who comes along only once in a lifetime.
In the past, among other things, the actor Sean Connery has given its support for independence.
Instead, for example, brittitähdet Paul McCartney and David Bowie have appealed to people in Scotland to remain part of Britain.
Supporters of independence the polls have been at a loss.
The difficulties of department stores continued high summer - Homeland - An evening news-Sanomat
Tavaratalokaupan downhill also in July, tells of Nîmes mob.
According to its tavaratalo- and hypermarketketjujen turnover remained below the 3.2% in July, years ago.
The worst is takunnut home and leisure sales of products, whose turnover fell by more than seven per cent a year ago.
Also sell pukeutumistuotteet were significantly less than in the previous summer.
Instead, the daily value of retail sales rose in July, nearly three per cent a year ago.
The most sales increased pienmyymälöissä and large supermarkets.
The beginning of the year as a whole, i.e. during the January-July department stores and supermarket and hypermarket turnover has shrunk by more than two per cent.
Instead, the sale of daily consumer goods has increased by nearly 1%.
Joan Rivers' family "is hoping for the best."
Joan Rivers has been out since he was brought to a hospital in the centre of New York, but his daughter was today is hopeful that the 81-year-old comedian gets better about their illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was brought to the hospital on Thursday, Mount Sinai due to cardiac arrest., according to the sources, then an homage, on the Upper East Side, located at the Yorkville Endoscopy -klinikka declared an emergency in the hospital.
The doctors will keep him deliberately sedated with drugs and following her condition closely, until the moment of his serious condition is stable again.
The incident has caused widespread reaction in the audience, for example, and Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have provided support for the network.
Areva-Siemens: Kolmosreaktori Olkiluoto site will be completed by mid-2016
Areva has submitted to the Industrial Voima building TVO Olkiluoto 3: An updated schedule.
According to the Bulletin of Areva's recent delays in the project are largely due to the fact that the reactor automaatiojärjestelmille has been applied for approval.
The project is already years late. "
In May, TVO doesn't give any assessment of the valmistumisajasta in Reactor Number.
Nastola donated Bottakselle 1.4 hectares of the value of the beach - approximately EUR 60000
The supervisory board donated by Stirling Moss Nastola Valtteri Bottakselle Villähteeltä Kärkjärven 1.4 hectares of beach on the beach.
The supervisory board showed a fair sportsmanship and was unanimous in its decision.
Discordant note was not part of the property when it was decided at the meeting, says the mayor Paul Syyrakki.
Bottaksen lahjatontilla's farm buildings - a total of seven pieces.
Elderships defuse them again this year, with the exception of one away.
Bottas has promised to build the site within two years of leisure apartment.
We are impressed by that he has enjoyed synnyinpitäjässään and also wants to be the future here.
Valtteri has visited every year in primary schools, telling sports career and his life.
And I hope, will continue to happen, the mayor says.
The mayor believes the beach one month 40,000-60,000 euros.
The beach is low and the kid-friendly.
The area has been owned by the municipality of more than 10 years.
Nastola's success over the decades have been successful in sport through lahjatonttien municipalities.
Keihäänheiton world champion Aki Parviainen and world champion Tuuli Matinsalo aerobickin omakotitontit received from the state and single-family houses built into these world.
They do not, however, remained Nastolassa but sold the property and moved out.
Parviainen and Matinsalon Nastolaan came to the job, and then moved to the changes in living elsewhere.
Bottas is a native nastolalainen and his situation is different, Syyrakki inches and believes Bottaksen Dae permanent.
Hull striker Hernandez hired the club's ennätyssummalla
Valioliigaseura Hull invested in the club's acquisition of the Uruguayan maajoukkuemiehen Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez to exchange Hulliin italialaisseura Palermo 9.5 million pounds, or about 12 million euros.
Is a three-year contract.
Hernandez struck 14 touchdowns last season, when Palermo won the Serie B and rose to the majors in Italy.
The Uruguayan national team, he has seven goals in 14 games.
Last summer's World Cup Finals Tournament Hernandez came in two of the exchange in a match on the field.
The acquisition of Abel is fantastic and shows how far we have come in a short time, "said Hull manager Steve Bruce.
Also on Monday, Hull told me he has acquired the Senegalese maajoukkuekapteenin Mohamed Diamen West Ham.
The Russian space test for Galileo failed - seksimatkalle posted Gekkonidae died.
The Russian space to breed sent five little Gekko's are dead, says the Russian Space Agency Roscosmos in a press release.
Gekkonidae traveled Foton-M4 -satelliitin aboard for more than one and a half months.
The satellite returned to the ground on Monday morning, Finland's time.
The experiment was designed to examine gekkojen reproductive ability and the use of zero gravity.
The experiment was involved in one of the urosgekko and four females.
Even though the experiment sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
The effects of weightlessness gekkojen, for example, the development of eggs is known only a little bit.
Through the impact on Gekkoihin may try to anticipate the impact that this would be a human painottomuudella stay for longer periods in a similar state, dramatized in the New Statesman in July.
According to the Roscosmoksen gekkojen time of death and the cause of death or settled.
According to the news agency Interfaxin seksigekoiksi "crossed the passengers were frozen.
It will also be taken by surprise tells us that the same Foton-M4: N traveled aboard vaivoitta hedelmäkärpäset survived a trip, and also received offspring.
Arrested at the airport in Nice, France is still
France arrested a man suspected of terrorism at the airport in Nice on Saturday.
The 22-year-old man is suspected of operating in Syria jihadistiryhmän rekrytoijana.
The French authorities have informed the matter on Sunday.
Authorities were able to track the man after he was attracted money, 16-year-old girl to go to Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and crossing from the Syrian border.
The airline didn't believe her explanation, according to which he was going to visit with her grandmother living in Istanbul, but instead went to the authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was totally unaware of his daughter's intentions and told the authorities that the family is not related to him in Turkey.
The man is originally from Chechnya, according to the authorities, but he now lives in France.
The French had followed the man's responsibility to act in the past.
In France, the authorities have been worried that the wars in Iraq or Syria radicalised young people are attracted to safety, but also for France.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or enrolled in France is the last during the conflict have travelled to Syria, returned or is currently planning to leave Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
The wishes of koripallomaajoukkueen jatkopaikasta are at stake, when Finland faces today in Ukraine in the second game in the World Cup.
If the United States had been expected avaustappio, belongs to Ukraine back to those countries from which the Finnish should take the necessary jatkopaikkaan profits.
Ukraine is a good gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of winning, Rudolph Koponen predicted.
Ukraine hit on Saturday in the first game in the Games in the Dominican Republic, 72-62.
The team coach NBA veteran Mike fratello, whose command of Ukraine to play aggressive basketball.
Ukraine is a key player was quarterback Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter in the 100-metre world champion three years ago.
The Dominican Republic vs. Jeter threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter fast guy, but I'm sure we played against those in the past, and we have to get our fix normipuolustus, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than tappiossaan yesterday to the United States.
We have to find their own strengths again.
I can guarantee that I'll see you on the ground normal pack of wolves, Möttölä said.
The Hollywood star's alleged nude spread on the Internet - part of the confirmed as genuine
A series of nude photos spread on the Internet, which purports to well-known public figures.
Among other things, the actress Jennifer Lawrence has been the victim of a "nakukuvakampanjan".
Lawrence Viihdesivusto TMZ has published by the representatives of the angry comments, which would seem to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a blatant violation of privacy. "
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (on the Internet) Jennifer Lawrence's stolen photos, we come to prosecute, delegates are threatening.
TMZ: According to the actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread photos are genuine.
He had taken the pictures many years ago with her husband.
When I know that those photos were wiped out a long time ago, I can only imagine what kind of creepy effort was seen for this purpose.
I feel for all who were victims of the hacking, he writes, according to the website.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says the pictures of passing forged under his own name.
Real or fake nude photos is also on the move at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grande, Mr. Solo Hope, Krysten Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmer.
Pine-goalie criticism of their own: "Do not do enough work for it to get out of here."
The football club FC Honka Veikkausliigan is currently in last place.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitalan comments Sunday after the VPS-game, reflecting a very confusing situation for the club.
I don't have been maalivahtivalmentajaa in four months.
But I have to adapt to everything, "Viitala said 1-2 defeat ended after the struggle.
Pine made the match, especially in the first half, a lot of puolustuspään mistakes.
Goalie Viitala wasn't bad puolustuspelaamisesta pleased.
Hongassa Pelaajaliikenne has been strong this summer, and for that reason, the defenders in front of Viitalan also have changed quickly.
Pelaajaruletin has also prompted many young players have been given opportunities that they don't necessarily even deserve.
"Part of not doing enough work for it, that they would ever get out of here," Viitala tuhahti without naming any individual players.
Head coach Hongan Shefki Kuqi was to some extent agree with Viitalan.
"I said to the players after the game that if you come to practice and games and have fun, and you think you're veikkausliigapelaaja, and doesn't need to do the job, then you're probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I've given many young people in the game.
If they don't want to take advantage of that place and use the opportunity, so it's not my fault.
Kuqi also pointed out, however, that the players can expect an immediate success, when one of your teammates are continually changing.
This season hasn't been two times in a row, the same composition.
People, especially in defence has changed.
It is the main reason why we're in this place, "Kuqi said.
Pine is the VPS-sarjajumbona after the defeat, the penultimate tied the TPS.
Veikkausliigaa is still seven laps left, so espoolaisilla still has time to avoid falling on one.
I've never bumped the team, and I'm not going to drop now.
We don't really come down on this show, "the goalie Viitala talks.
Lars von Trier doing decades after the break in the TV series
Film director Lars von Trier is planning to return to the TV series "factor.
Tanskalaisohjaaja is preparing a TV series called "The House That Jack Built.
Sarjahankkeesta told Trier film producer Louise Vesth acted today at the Venice film festival on Monday.
According to the Bulletin of the production company Zentropa filming the series should begin in 2016.
Told to refer to a series of Trier käsikirjoitustyöhön this autumn.
The series is the English.
The new mystery project factsheet also tells of a long-term partner of Trier, tough guy myyntipuheistaan well-known producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
A similar series, he said, "has never been seen and never to be seen again."
"Hold your breath," the Aalbæk Jensen says.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in recent years, a well-known kohuja nostaneista mediaesiintymisistään and films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
In the 1990s, he directed the television series of the kingdom.
01.09.2014 15: 20 retail chain Lidl appears to have received the Finns side, at least if tuloslukuihin is to be believed.
Lidl, the Finnish Kauppakonserni activity of running a Lidl Finland limited partnership group turnover continued to grow in the financial year ending at the end of February.
The company also raised his arrival.
Profit before tax amounted to EUR 13.4 million, when it was 56.4 million euros a year earlier.
Turnover, meanwhile, puffed up 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
An increase of 25 per cent.
The company has also improved the market share increased liiketulostaan 61 million to EUR 84 million.
Liikevoittoprosentiksi came to 7.1.
From the beginning of March, Saksalaisomisteisen Lidl's year lasts until the end of February.
The company says the tax paid for the year ended in February to Finland 13.7 million.
Constantly myymäläketjuaan expanded the company has told me they would invest in Finland this year, 100 million euros.
Finland is currently 142 Lidl -myymälää and it employs more than 4,000 employees.
The first stores opened in 2002.
The Ice Bucket -haasteeseen participant dislocated jaw
British Isabelle Roberts was roaring so loud, when the ice cold water poured over him that his damaged the facial bones.
This Ice Bucket -haaste ended painfully badly.
A woman has been taken care of her karjuttuaan Ice Bucket -haastetta performing so hard that his leukaluunsa dislocated.
Isabelle Roberts was roaring so loud, when the ice cold water poured over him that he damaged the structure of their face.
"The water was so cold that only I roared, but karjuessani I felt that my jaw began to stiffen up," he tells The Mirror for a career.
Ice water poured on top of the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts just moments before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but I couldn't, my jaw was locked, and then I realized that something is wrong.
Then my mother and my sister noticed the same thing, and began to laugh, but I had to be rushed to the emergency room.
Supersuosittuun challenge on Tuesday, participated in the 20-year-old British man was taken to the hospital, where the jaw was put back into place.
Videonpätkästä has become an Internet sensation, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and on Twitter.
Perspective the wolves ulvontaan (even): How can explain fanimäärän growth?
Today was just what a great feeling.
I saw the basketball player said Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland was played in a European Championship tournament against France in the Athens Maroussin palloiluhallissa.
Pehkonen not exaggerating.
I remember the game, when I was there.
So were they, too, about 100 Finns, who shouted the 20 000 spectators, otherwise empty hall noise.
I wonder what the OECD had said 19 years later, the World Cup Finland-Ukraine after the game?
In Bilbao suomalaisfanin 100 troops is kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti.
Em-Games in 1995 was the Finnish koripalloilun etsikkoaikaa.
The men bulldozed his way into the tournament by winning, among other things, the Russian karsintaottelussa urheilutalossa Helsinki.
It opened the doors to the European victory in the cream.
It all looked good.
Was a promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann brought Möttölän lopputurnausjoukkueeseen one-yard line.
The solution, of which many had a different view.
Now, you can say that it was a wise Dettmann, even if not everything wasn't, according to the script.
After the Athens dived into the national basketball team.
The Athens games the Finns reportedly was there for a total of a little more than a hundred.
It belonged to a group of journalists, relatives of the players, the Finns koripallovalmentajat and some of the fans.
Bilbaossakin's journalists, relatives and the coaches, but there is also the fans.
And there's a lot of.
The phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible proportions.
I don't think anyone can say the exact figure suomalaiskisaturisteista.
Estimates have been in the range of 7 500-10, 000.
Whatever the figure was between over there, it's an unbelievable amount.
This is urheilusosiologeille explaining to do.
In a globalised world economy, businesses move across borders.
In sport is still a chance to look at how we're doing internationally.
As a result of mobility, we can see how our girls and boys will thrive in the world, says professor Hannu Itkonen liikuntasosiologian.
I'm sure in both Spain and volleyball World Cup in Poland is the Finns, who are looking for experience.
The common experience.
But that doesn't explain everything.
Urheilussakin itself to be more attractive.
Itkonen raise the sport into the popular culture.
The threshold is lower than urheilukisoihin go to Berlin to see the art.
Without success for the masses doesn't mean you can't move.
Let's get back to 1995.
Then the head coach Dettmann sued koripalloliittoa and pelaajiakin to jump into the top-level sport professionally.
Almost ten years it took him.
Then changed direction and maajoukkuetoiminta was raised on a pedestal.
Movement Lentopalloväki did the same thing a little earlier.
Now, both enjoy the fruits of the work.
As Itkonen says, both species have managed to top-class tuotteistamaan urheilunsa, where the holy trinity works: Sports-media-sponsors.
At that time, the audience interested.
And the media has taught us, what kind of support is karnevalistinen, Itkonen recalls.
Whether the palloilulajit move this massive interest in the series, too?
Basketwork, wickerwork and play volleyball, on average, or a little more than a thousand hundreds of viewers.
Itkonen likes a good question, and not necessarily give an answer, which promised a very good species.
The second school believes in interest to move.
The second is that, who doesn't want to sweet.
This elämysmatkaan crew is ready for the World Cup, but their domestic series perusajattelussaan kaksisesti aren't interested.
It is a challenge in the midst of seuraihmisille thrill.
Property Bottaksen confirmation - nearly 1.5 acres on the shore of the lake
Nastola rewards Formula One driver Valtteri Bottaksen rantakotitontilla.
The supervisory board approved the release of the 1.4 hectares of land unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
The site will rise in the future leisure apartment.
It's followed Nastolassa Bottaksen success until the days of this go-kart.
He is seen as an ambassador for the marketing of calmer seas, the Lahti neighborhood and Nastolaa.
Located Lahjatontti Koiskalassa, Kärkjärven on the beach.
It has become a Nastola municipal ownership as part of a bigger apartments.
The region has seven of the wreck of the building, at the expense of the municipality of which landed six out of the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1: The Belgian regionals palkintopallisijansa fourth this year.
He is the World Cup points in the fifth.
Bottas is a native Villähteellä nastolalainen and lived in his childhood.
He lives in England at the moment, but it's always Nastolassa, when you have a free formuloista.
Bottas has visited yläkouluissa as well as young people.
The Design-älyvaatteet come - but I don't think the poor
It will present and are currently being tested in New York in the ongoing U.S. Open -tenniskilpailussa.
Ralph Lauren älypaitojen pallohenkilöt volunteers are on the field, but also an amateur yliopistopelaajien dome Marcus Giron keep things like that.
He says the T-shirt to help him to follow their own development and regulate makes a full recovery.
Nailonpaitaan is woven silver-sensors, for which the information is relayed to the shirt and thence mokkulaan älypuhelimeen or taulutietokoneeseen.
These sensors that measure heart rate, breathing rhythm, stress and the steps.
A Keskusyksikkönä mokkula removed before throwing his shirt in the washing machine.
Fashion House has not told the exact time for the sale of the T-shirt nor explanation at that price, Tech Times report the news.
Raph Lauren isn't the only company älyvaatteisiin implicit.
The sale of Mount Athos has brought California älypaidan and älyshortsit.
They measure your heart rate, respiration and elbow grease.
The clothes are paying $100 apiece, and they require a thumb-sized unit to pay for two hundred dollars.
Teknovaatteista also wrote to the Red Orbit.
A smart way to save the textbooks
Yliopistokirjojen costs in America, in the case of many students in excess of $1, so we will soon be starting sophomore Matt Schroeder came up with a clever way to save costs.
He developed a system where the subsequent vuosikurssien students borrow books nominal fee, rather than they would sell their books ahead straightaway.
"The math book would normally have to pay $180; I paid for the use of its entire semester, $10, as well as a big a sandwich," says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying Covenant College in the state of Georgia.
Schroeder says that his last semester book would normally have paid $430.
Instead, he used them to $120.
According to the university's board of directors, the average student spends more than 1 200 dollars a year for textbooks and koulutarvikkeisiin, but students have access to a number of ways to reduce these costs.
The students end up increasing the use of online retailers and Schroeder, such as the idea of creative approaches.
A growing number of student rents textbooks, when they will be able to use the track throughout the semester and pay significantly less than the book to buy the students.
More than 250 kampuskirjakauppaa Neebo Inc., according to the company renting textbooks have doubled since 2011.
Industry statistics reveal that around a quarter of the university bookshops books this past spring was vuokrakirjoja, Neebo-company chairman Trevor Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores -kauppajärjestön says that less than half of all books purchased campus in the bookshops.
Here is the simplest ways to save money.
Online shops
A new book shops, you can get just a third of the price it, what it would cost in the campus bookstore.
Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler "Calculus" offer over asking the 9th edition of the book is almost $290, but Chegg.com erikoiskirjojen online book price will be $239,99.
Buy when used
Used books are a good option, if the reader do not interfere with other betraktelser and worn appearance.
For example, "Calculus" Chegg.com gets used-book online for $93,49.
Brigham Young University student Matt Casaday last year, 25 years ago, tells me that he bought the book "Strategic Media decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business" used online-only Amazon.com for $0.42.
As the new book would have paid $48.
The University of Massachusetts Amherst College, Oxford, director of the School Without Walls Ingrid Bracey and other academics are recommending that students are asking professoreiltaan, can the previous editions to use on the course.
Sometimes, a new edition of the reforms are not relevant to the teaching.
In this case, you can find old edition, only a fraction of the price, which is supposed to pay for the new.
In addition to the book Chegg- and Amazon, eBay Inc. 'S Half.com is a popular ostopaikka used book.
Renting of
You might consider renting textbooks, if you take good care of them, you'll remember to take them back and you don't need them when you finish the course.
Renting, you can save more than 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, "Calculus" lease of the bestseller in the entire semester costs about $20.
Please refer to the company that leased the rules, such as a diary, wear korostuskynän behavior, and following the payments.
The renter, beware: If you forget to return the book, the late fee may be higher than the purchase price of the book.
E-books
E-books instead of ordinary paper can also come to the question.
Sometimes, these books rent, which are paid for e-book access to its holder, for example, Amazon.com-, Chegg- or Barnes & Noble Inc -kirjakaupoille.
Chegg-store gets "Calculus" e-book bestseller in six months for about $61.
According to the Braceyn many of the students of literature will save the most, because many of the classics can now download for free, while the scientific and technical books can be very expensive.
Comparison with the support of different vendors, which option, then I will.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin to Pepperdine law school, recommends using ISBN numbers in the price of the book, because it can help to ensure that is looking for the right book.
Before you order online, make sure that the book is certainly a warehouse, Gault says.
He learned this the hard way. "
He bought the book delivery was on hold for four weeks, and he was eventually to buy the book at full price, the university bookstore.
Tamperelainen Legioonateatteri meets for 20 years.
Established in 1994, the theater is opposed to unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome to all who want to do the performing arts.
Organise ilmaisupainotteista sheds 17-35 years old the long-term unemployed.
Presentations often takes the position in society.
In recent years, there has been masennusaiheinen depression among moderate Youth, Minäminäminä! - as well as humorous stories of narcissism klassikkosovituksia.
Believes that every person can change a life of its own.
Fires dead, almost double the number of people compared with last year
This year's fires is dead, almost double the number of people compared with last year.
Finland's rescue, according to the Trade Unions (Spek) mediaseurannan so far, the fires have already killed 55 people 49 different in the fire.
Last year, at the time of the corresponding palokuolemia was 31.
The majority of the dead, 36, has been the men.
For more than 65-year-old has been 11.
According to the organisation's palokuolematilaston worse the situation was most recently in 2009, when the end of August, 64 people had died in the fires.
The vast majority of palokuolemista happens apartments.
People living in apartment, there have been 17 palokuolemaa, 21 terraced houses and other buildings, as well as pientaloissa seven.
Kertaamisesta Spek reminds me of a home fire safety.
All of the home, at least according to the functioning of the associated Spekin should ensure.
In addition, all should check that alkusammutusvälineet are easily deployed.
Of all the premises of the home must also be unimpeded route.
Children should also tell you what they are allowed to use electronic devices while he was home alone.
The NATO summit: The first protests in Newport and Cardiff
The opponents of the NATO summit in Newport last weekend protest.
On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of the city of Newport's anti-NATO march.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered at the Cardiff City Hall, the so-called vastahuippukokoukseen.
Stephen Fairclough followed the events over the weekend and talked with the protesters, which had arrived, even all the way from Belgium.
The young people were rescued by air Australian blue in the mountains
The two teenage patikoitsijaa pulled to safety after spending the night stuck in their Australia's New South Wales Blues territory in the mountains.
A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man who went hiking after noon on Sunday Govetts Leapille Blackheathiin.
The family were upset about the young people, who were not returned home, and called the police, 8: 00 P.M.
The local police and the staffs of the search team was sent to search for young people, and the two were found at around 11: 00 near Bridal Veil -putouksia.
The girl was hurt his knee, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
The police spent the night with a partner, and pulled them to safety on Monday morning.
Hikers was taken to the hospital in an ambulance in the Blue Mountains, and their condition was stable.
Ukrainian soldiers withdrew from the Luhansk airport.
Luhansk the Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from the airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers were given the retreat.
According to the Ukrainian paratroopers have vehemently together with Russian tanks on the ground.
According to a representative of the opposing army shelling has been so precise that the shooter is likely to be Russian regulars.
During the last 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Off the coast of the Sea of Azov in south-eastern Ukraine tykistöosumia yesterday received the Ukrainian Scout sank in the morning, tells of a border patrol.
The eight Marines have been rescued and two are still missing.
Border Patrol had no certainty about what the ship was shot.
The separatists had already told us yesterday, the social media that they shot at the beginning.
According to the Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukrainian troops must immediately withdraw to positions for which they won't be able to fire on civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister of the Minsk talks today, Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE should be achieved between an immediate cease-fire without conditions.
Lavrov also pointed out that Russia will respond to the possible new economic sanctions.
First of all, we will protect our own interests, our economy, social sectors, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also draw conclusions from the actions of our partners, Lavrov said.
Heavy rains had flooded in Malmö and Copenhagen.
On Sunday, the streets are flooded in Malmö and Copenhagen, when heavy rains spanked in southern Sweden and Denmark.
Floodwaters broke a number of roads, traffic and cars were buried beneath it.
On Sunday, authorities estimate that the flood hellittämisessä might take, even though the rain was predicted to leave by Monday.
Heavy rains were able to sneak up on ruotsalaisviranomaiset, rather than a rain of säävaroitusta in advance.
The Finnish Meteorological department duty meteorologist Ari Mustala estimates that the region plagued saderintama was very local.
Sadealue looks like a narrow and in place of permanence.
It's no wonder, if it has been difficult to predict.
The French socialists should "shut up" and help to France, François Hollande norshould says.
Valls called on the deeply divided Left-wing "to show their feelings" towards the sosialistipresidenttiä difficulties, which the new government's formation is not obtained the approval of a majority of the French.
The president deserves the respect of all, he deserves our flag, we need our support.
"Our job is to stay by his side," Valls said, and earned a round of applause.
Tyynnyttävänä gesture, the Prime Minister called for the government to leave alone, despite the controversial 35-hour working week, France's new minister Toulo Macronin earlier this week to give, debated the proposal that the rule should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande asked the socialists to work together with the government.
However, Justice Minister Christiane Taubira caused the divisive views showing up sosialistikansanedustajien requesting a meeting of the Socialist Party, and the fact that it allows, "the French gave up hope for the future."
Far-right leader Marine Le Pen kansallisrintaman mocked the constant friction between the Socialists and said, "I don't believe the new government Vallsin lasting more than a few months.
Francois Hollande may have left the part, but so too, Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new government after the last one did not even last summer.
"The new government will not last until the autumn or winter," Le Pen told reporters.
He reiterated his party's proposal for the dissolution of parliament, and was supposed to secure his party's victory in elections, and he himself would be ready to lead the party.
France's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in March and was held by the extreme right listakärkeä in the May European elections.
Sunday's edition of the Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll shows that 76% of French people believe that the Socialist Party may break down a number of competing groups before the end of the season, Hollande in 2017.
Po-University political scientist Pascal Perrineau, warned that the French will soon lose patience, unless the new socialist government ennätyskorkeaa fail to improve the economy and unemployment.
"There is a small chance of success, but the public's need to quickly see that change is happening to you," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate even further.
Game face betrayed Morning juontajien Finland's Kirsi Alm-isopods shouldn, Nina Rahkolan and meteorologist Pekka Poudan game face betrayed badly recorded part of the programme.
Good morning Finland programme posted on her Facebook page last Thursday, a funny video recordings made on Thursday.
In the video the announcers Kirsi Alm-Rahkola isopod and Nina, as well as a meteorologist Pekka silver lining is trying to record a morning mainospuffia Finland in the next day's shipment, but the recording doesn't go far in a row.
ALM isopod's words when he's trying to pronounce the word, and he will also be tampering Poudan and Rahkolan lose pokkansa time and time again.
These heroes and should be allowed to withdraw the live again tomorrow morning, Finland's Facebook update states.
The video has become a very popular on Facebook, and it is both liked that shared on Facebook more than 10,000 times.
Richard K. kuvatoimistossa worked well for the silver lining, 68, came in third in a series of potrettien in 1972.
A photo of the Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
The Helsinki Fredrikinkadulla Rakennusmestarien Socialist International meeting was held in the house in May 1971.
The meeting was a lot of Heads of State and the security measures were enormous.
When Golda Meir went to the bathroom, seven bodyguards went along with it.
At the beginning of the meeting, however, we got more than five minutes to illustration.
I took this picture of four of five meters.
Light and the background were in the right place.
As soon as I understood that this time I did it.
See Meirin face is that the leaders in the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
Then the race did well-known personalities or events with pictures taken.
It's great that these days can be successful in other pictures, too, as long as you have a point and visual tweaking.
This is the second-best picture, which I have.
The best is Lasse Virénin kaatumiskuva the Munich Olympics.
I didn't send it to the competition.
The claim: Aarnio-investigation has already paid more than five million euros
The Helsinki police examination of the legality of the operation of the DEA has already paid more than five million euros and called for a 30-50 person-years.
I saw the estimates the University of Jyväskylä Jyri Rajamäki väitöstyössä its information technology.
Rajamäki argues that the control of the legality of the activities of the police and the fight against crime in general could be significantly improved by combining the investigation and trial of the IT systems.
According to Mr Rajamäki modern allows diverse forensic material.
He says that it is possible to build a system where a crime in order to collect the information is automatically todisteketjun filling an electronic evidence, and at the same time allows for a comprehensive review.
Check the claim on Saturday.
Http: / / UKsubtitles.ru.: The 1999 conception of vegetarian, skipped school on the wall: "Kasvisdieettiin belong to the fish and kanaruoat."
A picture on the wall of the school's special pirkkalalaisen Naistenmatkan ruokakohun note caused a social media, says http: / / UKsubtitles.ru. discussed.
Kasvisruokailijat!!
Kasvisdieettiin koululounaalla belong to the fish and kanaruoat.
Only when the meat is on the list, we make kasvisvaihtoehdon!!
This is what it says on the school wall unohtuneessa, a 15-year-old newsletter.
A picture of you get to see here.
Social media has spread to the picture has led people to send Pirkkala närkästynyttä feedback to the municipality.
The Food and Drug Administration chief Arja puhtauspalvelun Vaarma Ylelle notes that the missed a sign on the wall is not true and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently, before I came here has ever had such an idea, which has been discussed with the health care in due course.
In accordance with the wishes of each student receives a meal, he says Ylelle.
On this day in schools in Pirkkala kasvisruokavaihtoehto pupils will be offered only with the permission of parents and a doctor or nurse kasvisruokavaliosta certificate.
The solution to Ylelle Vaarma justifies the fact that young kasvisruokakokeilut may leave short on nutrition and the lack of meat or chicken can awaken wonder parents.
Norwegian Cruise worth close to $3 billion worth of the Prestige Cruise
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy rival of the Prestige Cruises International Inc for $3 billion. It originates from individuals in close contact with it.
Following the deal, Norwegian Cruise, the company, which has a market value of $6.8 billion, the company should have access to the Prestige Cruises luksusristeilijät and wealthy clients of its predecessor, competition for the larger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) against 2496.
According to the sources of the information on a possible agreement could be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations fail to produce results.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, a private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20 per cent of the Norwegian Cruise Company.
The sources did not want their names made public, because the negotiations did not go to the public.
Norwegian Cruise and representatives of the companies did not correspond to the Prestige Cruises kommenttipyyntöihin and Apollo's spokesman refused to comment on.
In Miami, a Norwegian Cruise L'Oréal's 13 cruise ships, whose reittikartta covers North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when it had a turnover of $2,570 billion.
The Prestige Cruises, which also operates from Miami, sailing Oceania- and Regent-brändinimillä, involving a total of eight cruise ships, and reittikartta covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was $1.2 billion, which is six per cent more than the previous year.
The 29 billion dollars' worth of risteilyteollisuuden is expected to benefit from the emerging economies in the coming years, such as China and India's rising middle classes.
The companies are competing to get these new customers ykkösvaihtoehdoksi to choosing a cruise.
The Prestige Cruises registered the first liikkeellelaskunsa shares in the stock market the United States in January 2014.
The Apollo has devoted most of the company's shares after the trade of the year 2007, which was worth $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was set up at the current kokoonpanollaan in 2000 after the merger and telecommunication Bhd (GENT.KL) -risteily with the company, the latter's Malaysian billionaire Lim Thayn entertainment and casino company.
The Apollo invested $1 billion Norwegian Cruise corporation in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise as a public company, went public in January 2013.
According to information released Gentingin's share of the company was 28%, 20% of the Apollo and TPG Capital LP yksityispääomasijoitusyhtiö: 8% share of the June onwards.
Carnival-, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian Cruise Cruises- companies one share of the North American risteilykapasiteetista is 82%, shows the Prestige Cruise in connection with the issuance of shares of the company from publishing rekisteröintidokumentista.
The Tampere City Council is dealing with today.
Animalia hopes the solid support for the initiative.
The Executive Director Animalian, of the University of Tampere, according to a pre-doctoral Salla Tuomivaaran delfinaarioiden time in Finland and around the world, it should be completed as soon as possible.
In recent years, from around the world, fortunately, is the widespread perception that the grip of advanced mammals such as dolphins delfinaarioissa isn't a humane and ethically sustainable.
This view would like to urge to Tampere.
Not only is the abolition of delfinaarion eläinoikeuskysymys, including the question of the Tampere's image as a tourist destination, Tuomivaara points out.
According to the Tuomivaaran Näsi-dolphin death to strengthen the demands of delfinaariotoiminnan.
The death is a sad Nääs continuation Särkänniemen delfinaarion dark history.
It is time to put the deaths points, to close the prison of dolphins, and begin to find out how the Tampere dolphins could be transferred to a restricted offshore waters, a kind of dolphin to the shelter, Tuomivaara demands.
Näsi didn't have time to experience a return to the original habitat of the dolphins, but I hope the rest of the amusement park live dolphins have time to experience more of life than virikkeettömän betonialtaan, Tuomivaara hopes.
Eläinsuojeluliitto Animalian aim is that the use of all the banned circuses villieläinlajien kokonaisuudistuksessa animal welfare in the pipeline.
This category also includes delfinaariot.
The claim Animalian Executive Director Tuomivaara participates in a protest to 1.9. today on behalf of the dolphins.
At the Japanese embassy in Helsinki mielenilmaisussa takes a stand against the delfiininmetsästyskautta in Japan.
During the hunting season brutally captured or killed every year around 2300 dolphins, either delfinaarioiden use or for dinner.
Putin calls for Kiev to open negotiations on a new state with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Sunday that the Ukrainian government to end the fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately start negotiations with the outgoing valtiomaisuudesta "in the region," the Russian uutislähteet will tell you.
His spokesman Dmitry Peskov later clarified that Putin meant that the separatist-dominated area of eastern Ukraine to become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine need to think about it again, in order to give the power of the Russian-speaking population in the region to defend its own rights and interests.
Putin's request to the government in Kiev venäjämielisten negotiations as equal partners with the rebels is responsible for his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists to take over the area and thus to force the government to grant Ukraine in practice recently, Mrs Zana Novorossijalle independence, enabling it to be with Russia instead of the West.
The state's Channel 1 television channel in an interview, Mr Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's efforts to win back market controlled by separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk Oblast, which the separatists captured in March and April, Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimean peninsula itself on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped Novorossijaksi "in the region," "New Russian" - this term is reminiscent of the Russian empire glory days prior to the revolutions.
According to the Russian news agency TASS Russian News Agency-Putin said that the planned peace talks are "an illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians are carrying out campaigns for parliamentary elections on October 26 and under attack by government forces against civilians in the separatist-controlled areas.
"We must begin immediately to the wide-ranging negotiations, not just the technical issues, but also to the organization of society and the south-east of the state's role in the Ukraine, so that takes into account the interests of the people who live there," he says.
According to Mr Putin's reference to the "Peskovin valtiomaisuudesta" relates to a broader independence, which has been discussed for months with the leadership in Kiev, Russian-speaking regions in its attempt to dispel fears that their cultural and linguistic rights were threatened.
Only the government of Ukraine can admit that they need for independence in the eastern territories, Peskov says.
This issue will not be able to hold talks between Russia and Ukraine, Peskov says, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but the internal conflict in Ukraine."
The Kremlin's representative to the heckling, the purpose of which was to repair the Putin's comments "a wrong interpretation," stressed that the Russian government is dealing with the separatist rebellion in the eastern regions in a different way than in the case of Crimea, in which case it virtually took over the region, of which 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
The Moscow would be much more difficult to attach itself even in the Donetsk or Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine, because most of the 6.5 million people living in the region is not ethnically Russian and because prior to the conflict, according to the opinion polls, the majority of the population in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, of which venäläisdiplomaatit are discussed in international fora, would give local governments the right to set its own Ukraine kauppasopimuksistaan and ulkosuhteistaan, which would give the Kremlin virtually the power in the region, which connects Russia's Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian päälaivasto as well as commercial shipping port areas and historic Economic Area.
Russia's Rostov region between Crimea and is also the mines, factories and metallinsulattamoita, producing the Russian army life-saving products.
President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko virkaanastumispuheessaan on 7 June, suggested that the new Ukrainian legislators - after the election - are considering amendments to the constitution, in order to increase the foresight to different regions of Ukraine to decide their own finances and the status of the language.
His vision for independence, however, seems to differ sharply in the Kremlin and the Moscow, perhaps, popular and stirring up separatist sentiment.
Putin's latest demands presented to the government in Kiev venäjämielisten negotiations as equal partners with the rebels, after the rebels were advancing more last week, the Russian tanks and troops to the invasion of eastern Ukraine earlier Azovin rauhanomaiselta area off the coast of the sea.
Ukraine's security authorities fear that the Russian-backed separatist Novoazovskin to take possession of the city is the beginning of a larger effort, which is intended to take over the entire strategically important coastal area all the way to the Crimea.
It has led to a massive armeijahenkilökunnan Mariupolin civilians and to strengthen the city of half a million inhabitants, known as a productive satamakaupunkina Mariupol steel, which is located on the Crimean Peninsula Novoazovskin and lead to a narrow strip of land between.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday, the leaders of the European Union in Brussels, begging for further steps to prevent future violations of Russia in Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"Soon we will reach a point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
In the area of Ukraine is now in the thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit did not make decisions about direct action; lisäsanktioiden leaders came up, so that they can be introduced if the Ukraine crisis to flare up in unexplained circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw to positions in the region, and two Russian Ilovaiskin panssariosaston following the 1 000 soldiers last week in the Donetsk region to strengthen the ailing separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council spokesman, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
According to Lysenko, the first Russian Ilovaiskissa protection of the Ukrainian soldiers were exchanged for 10 Russian laskuvarjohyppääjään, 63, who was imprisoned in the territory of Ukraine a week ago.
Milan opening goal did japanilaistaituri Keisuke Honda already in the seventh peliminuutilla.
In the second half, hit first, Sulley Muntari and a little later, Jeremy Menez rangaistuspotkusta.
After the kavennusmaalinsa Laziokin got the penalty kick of the game, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio Candrevan shot.
Lopez moved Milaniin this season with Real Madrid.
The former Milan hyökkääjäikonin Inzaghin valmennusdebyytissä San slinky Keskstaadion was only half full.
The match was announced yleisömääräksi 39 000 spectators.
Vortex Australialaisjulkkikset and Gabi Grecko alastonkuvaskandaalin
Geoffrey Edelsten has expressed astonishment at hackers may have stolen his fiancée and Hollywood A-listatähden Gabi Greckon nudes.
The entertainment world kuhissut, after a series of Jennifer Lawrence's nude photos were published on the Internet as a result of extensive julkkiskuvahakkerointiskandaalin.
Hakkerilla is said to be in possession of a total of 60 nude of Hunger Games star Lawrence as well as other supertähdistä, such as supermodel Kate and Cara Uptonista Delevingnestä, singer Rihannasta, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle, as well as an actress Kirsten Dunstista.
Australian actors, too, Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovskin and living in Melbourne Greckon pictures seems to have been stolen in the context of the iCloud leak.
Celebrity names on the list of the 101.
Last month, the proposed Greckoa Edelsten told Confidential-magazine, "this is disgusting."
All the personal contacts and photos should remain private.
It is a disgrace that the private data may be stolen and spread.
In New York, commenting on the reported cases Greckon verkkolehdessä "a disgrace" and said that the victims "feel ashamed."
Hakkerilla is believed to be 30 pictures of Palmer this with the previous boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two sample Palmer topless at the edge of the pool.
Palmer's movie-earnings include, among others, the movie "Love and Honor" co-star Liam Hemsworthin.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and sucker Punch -näyttelijä Browning not comment on pictures of Hacked ones yesterday.
Lawrence's representative told TMZ-magazine that "this is a brazen violation of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen was angered hakkerille twiitissään: "The publication of the stolen photos from a cell phone is no different in any way the sale of stolen product."
The publication of the stolen photos should not make it possible, if only the legal point of view.
Finland played almost as sensaatiomaiseen victory on his home ground, and rose to Cuba volleyball in the World Cup.
Look at the pictures fanihuumasta.
Poland's Katowice on Monday was a white: No red and white Polish, but the Finnish blue and white.
Finland's victory was followed by STT-Spodek Arena: According to the nearly 2,000 suomalaiskannattajaa.
It felt like it would be played at home.
Such a big impact on fans was in a game, captain of Finland's Antti Siltala said from NPR.
Finland was already an excellent match, losing 0-2, but rose to a 3-2 victory.
In the fourth round ihmenousun Finland took a six-point guarantee.
Cuba has already led to the round of 16-10, but after that, the Finns were hurmoksen on.
A couple of hundred suomalaisfania was disappointed, however, when an airport, a chartered plane was unable to land because of heavy fog Katowiceen.
So in Warsaw have ended up fans missed the match.
The Finns palloilufanit have conquered Europe with a hard pace over the last few days.
In Bilbao, Spain, the Finnish Basketball World Cup fans will be there for more than 8000.
Just like every one of Finland's basket would have been the match voittokori, U.S. star Stephen Curry said Finns like basketball freaks after Saturday's match.
The council meeting will not be sent straight, due to technical problems
Meeting of the City Council can't Kouvolan today to watch the broadcast live over the Internet.
Broadcast, according to the Bulletin of the city is not possible because of technical problems.
The city of Kouvolan regrets the situation.
Jälkitallenteen can look in a couple of days of the meeting.
Kouvolan City Council meetings, has been able to look through the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time you can follow the live 13.10.2014 decision-making.
The council kokousvideot can be found at http: / / www.kouvola.fi / index / aikuisvaestolle / paatoksenteko / valtuustoverkossa.html Kouvolan and the city's YouTube channel.
