The city joins Juankoske Kuopio in the city since the beginning of 2017.
The town council Kuopio annexing approved unanimously on Monday.
The town council adopted Juankoske annexing the last week.
Municipal liitokse of Tuusnieme options.' was also involved in the municipality, but the council decided to continue as an independent Tuusniemi.
Kuopio Juankoski and decide the next municipal elections to be carried out separately.
Municipal elections will be held next year in 2016.
After joining Juankoske of Kuopio 's population is approximately 111 000.
The Indian and Japanese prime ministers would meet in Tokyo
India 's new Prime Minister Narendra modi meets his counterpart Shinzo japanilaise Aben in Tokyo, in order to discuss economic and security relations, in the first major foreign visit voito touko during the election in the aftermath.
I modi 's five-day visit to Japan, the aim is to strengthen the economic relations of the world 's third largest economy.
The topics at the top of the plans for enhanced cooperation on nuclear power.
In India, too, is said to be interested in a defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine jouko were shooting civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the Kiev leadership to ensure that they were refused direct political talks on the eastern Ukraine with separatist forces.
The current Kiev 's leadership does not want to implement essential political debate with the eastern part of his country, Putin said, according to the news agency Itar-Tassi.
He also said that a Russian separatists, who Kiev and the West say the Russian military assistance, attempted to push Ukrainian forces away from them this time for their places, which Mr Putin said that Ukraine 's army jouko were shooting civilians.
Militia fighters whose aim is to push the arm away nee are their jouko and their artillery, so that they do not get a chance to shoot for the inhabitants of the region, Putin said.
The incident took place on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It was surprised that quite porukka came back in the early evening.
Visitors were expected during the course of the two days, Tom Kangas promottori says.
Seinäjoki hiphop Festival 'was held for the third time.
Once again next year.
We are going to be still hiphop festari - poppi are not forthcoming, Kangas assures me.
In Finland, on Tuesday will enter into force a law that restricts the manufacture of explosive substances of suitable acquisition.
In future, individuals applying for a police va government permission in order to buy or to keep possession for substances or mixtures which could be used as explosives known as starting material.
Such substances are all vetyperoksidi - nitro an upgrade, nitrogen happo, potassium kloraatti, potassium perkloraatti, sodium and sodium kloraatti were perkloraatti, as well as those contained in the mixture, if the prescribed limit values were exceeded.
For example, vetyperoksidi is cleaning and detergents, but concentrations are generally below the limit values.
For example, biomethane nitro kiihdytys are used in vehicles.
Before the entry into force of the law from starting materials should not, however, possess and use the 2 March 2016.
George Webster Nairnin are accused Pitlochryn and hotel rape
Hotel in two cases of rape accused awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the prosecution &apos; Glasgow 's secondary in the Court of First Instance during the session.
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the province Perthshiren Pitlochryn Scotland &apos; s-hotelli on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking the woman attacked this &quot; during trapping, sleeping and thereby incapable of taking a decision to long-standing &quot; himself.
In addition to Webster, accused of another rape Yläma during Nairnissa in the Golf View -hotellissa 4 touko by 2014.
In accordance with the decision of Judge Lady Raen trial will take place in Edinburgh on 17 November, the upper Court of First Instance.
Valioliiga: Super Raheem excelled - Mario was overshadowed Ilta-Sanoma - Valioliiga - today.'
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling showed again why he is considered englantilaise 's football as a hope for the future.
White Hart Lane had an electronic atmosphere on Sunday when Mario Balotellilla confirmed Tottenhami nut Liverpool arrived at the visitor.
Super Marion clash was promising: Experienced englantilais journalists saw the 24-year-old Italian has done field work on an entirely different attitude than Manchester city -aikoina.
Balotelli was still a long way from his peak ethos.
An Italian wasted three good quality paint from 16 places and snare his ball only half of his own team.
The player already favourites to take nee Pool-kannattajat are expecting better.
Brendan Rodgers replaced Liverpool manageri Balotellin had travelled back to Barcelona 's Luis Suarezin role as the second team alongside Daniel Sturridgen aggressor.
As a star of the team rather than kimals Balotellin said the high average airport diamonds Raheem Sterling, who has tökkäs 3-0-voiton an important opening paint over Hugo Llorisin.
Sterling, 19, is not shining only in their intensity.
Less than 20 cents per Balotellia opponent englantilainen is between the lines like a fish in water.
There is not a general feature for a player who, at best, to thank nurme, with approximately 34 km per hour.
Rodgers also Sterlingi development deserves great credit.
The Northern Ireland explained after the match how Liverpool has systematically developed nyt of Wembleyn heart has grown from a mere Northwest lontoolaise put kiitäjä to be global players.
Susanna Mälkki was elected at Helsinki City Orchestra to champion kapelli - &quot; I am glad and proud &quot;
The Helsinki municipal government has decided to appoint nyt Susanna Mälki 's Helsinki City Orchestra orchestra to usher in the next extraordinary kapelli from autumn 2016 onwards.
The newspaper Los Angeles Times lee to be questioned, and the orchestra, he will take the next step.
Susanna Mälkki says it will start in his new role as a joyful and proud.
The Helsinki City Orchestra has played a central role in our country 's musical life for more than 100 years, including kantaesittä reason, a large number of Sibelius 's music.
The orchestra has nee run best in the Finnish conductor mone lyt and I am working with a member of the orchestra in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation &quot; enthusiastically, he says.
Employees "organisations have met government pension negotiations - Kotimaa - regions - the news - Karjalainen
Pension negotiations are today uut fast trade unions from its own assembly.
Employees 'unions SAK, STTK Akava and the administration was on the morning of the negotiating situation.
Then the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
The social partners have a dispute among thorn nyt muun about linking the retirement age to life expectancy.
The organisations are authorised nee career settlement by the autumn, but the latest estimates that it would come this week.
Pihtipudas.
Flying rovaniemeläinen women 's league team Woman Vampula Volley nousija league stumbled on the athletes Pihtiputaa in the dry-run tournament Final on Sunday.
The five Vampula cut was a late-night match 3-2 voito.
The last few WoVo lost 15-11.
A neighbour was always one step ahead of them.
The fight was a good one, but our defensive game and passport Vampula game was somewhat better, saw coach WoVon Teemu Mäkikyrö.
It was therefore WoVon kuusikko risainen that Jennifer 190-senttinen American sentteri Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
As played Sara sentteri Niemi.
Karoliina Kyllönen was despite his thumb injury in a game and became WoVon Johanna Pekkarise, with the strongest combination.
Jenna hakkuri scheme.' start nut Keskimäki had Jaudzemalle Jana to make room for the duration of the last tranche of 1.5.
The best part Vampula was a skilful Russian libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen passari, which were WoVo kiers as much as possible.
To prepare for the league WoVon continues next weekend with HPK Hämeenlinna during the training camp comes to Rovaniemi.
On Saturday, the team would face &quot; kauppiksella &quot; at 18 in a training game.
On Sunday, will be repeated in college sports.
Lidl tako displays huge figures in Finland
The company 's Finnish kasvoi turnover of stores at the end of February that ended years of accounts for almost 25 percent of the nearly 1.2 billion.
The company published its findings, data on Monday.
Lidl in Finland now have a total of 142 shops, and enlargement is going to continue.
Lidl also told us that the cost of last financial year from the Finnish tax of almost 14 million.
Lidl Finland Lidl German belongs to the group.
In Finland, the company has more than 4 200 employees.
Ovarian cancer deaths are more frequent in sparsely populated areas hankaloitunee late diagnosis and care,
Angelina Jolie and her brother James, has published a letter to the video tribute to their mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In rural areas, live in Australia villa women have a greater risk of dying from ovarian cancer than villa, live in cities.
The researchers went through the more than 1100 Australians in 2005 received a diagnosis of ovarian cancer in a woman 's medical records and said that only 35% of women, i.e. more than five years after the diagnosis.
The main researcher, Susan Jordan -keskuksesta QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute confirms that the sparsely populated and remote regions inhabited by 20 percent died during the study than those in more urban areas were women.
A small study: New medicines were likely to slow down the lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through the history of women 's health for seven years.
According to the doctor, Susan Jordan, also a woman 's age at the time of the diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, earlier disease and socioeconomic status influenced the chances of survival.
Older women and cancer of the wider levin nyt at the time of diagnosis, the survival of the probability was small.
The sparsely populated and remote regions inhabited by 20 percent died during the study than those in more urban areas were women.
The study was not designed to settle the long-standing ty, why I live outside cities villa women are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan sees as potential ina roots and delayed diagnosis hankaloitunut of hoitoonpääsyä.
I &quot; gynaecological oncology specialists treat this disease better, and their reception they are located mostly in large cities &quot;, Jordan says.
Although the distance services va during treatment are widespread in the long-standing importance of and distance decreases, but researchers suggest doctors more mobility, so that specialist potila can play closer to their homes, as well as programmes to subsidise potila being far from home.
Dr Jordan, according to a study of ovarian cancer sufferers in women 's long-term survival rate is not good, irrespective of their geographical location, which stresses the need for better treatments and better cancer prevention programmes.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön ma financed a study published today in the Medical Journal of Australia -lehdessä.
In March of 2012 33-vuotiaa by Gold Coastissa by resident Elisha Neavella by housewife found a malignant ovarian cancer.
The city of Rovaniemi, wants a stronger role in terms of friendship parkki 's activities in the park, which is located next to the Hotel Pohjanhovi.
On Monday, the municipal government decided that the friendship of the park and its surroundings in the zoning proposal sets out to see public service as a guide.
The proposed formula is being asked for an opinion from the commission and the environment ely-keskukse of Lapi.
Through zoning changes, the city wants to allow the tourism engine kelkkailu continued activity in the region.
There is a park, which includes the current friendship park and its joe and the area in between.
There is, according to the proposal on 15 November and 30 November huhti during a period lasting a maximum of 200 motorcycles kelkka.
The region must not be allowed to invest in certain parts of the fueling points.
A new park may also supply transport.
The city of Rovaniemi vuokran nut, is a region of friendship park safari companies use in motor kelkkailu during winter months.
The lease has been renewed in the spring of 2014, and the agreement will be in force by spring 2018.
The change Kelkka parkki operate and formula will provoke even nyt vociferous opposition.
The blocks Naapuri inhabitants have been annoyed to vote than to worry about emissions as well.
However, the region 's emissions have been investigated, and there are no tul studies lut up indicative values for the findings.
Renewed vähäpäästöisempää equipment is old.
Friendship Park car park area will support the fact that if a starting place would be postponed further, should the hotel customers to transport safari safar are starting points for buses, which had an estimated 15 departures per day.
Friendship Park area of the city and the surrounding environment is also kelko according to a sufficiently broad, rather than a substitute for starting places for the locations such as eastern Ounasjoe on the bridges of the boat quay vierus.
Friendship Park is a good location for its activities in the future to expand Ounaspaviljongin, for example for the region.
Consolidating Parkki of minen, is part of the Rovaniemi city council to adopt an urban strategy, according to which the city 's aim is to create one muun business for a good framework in countries retain sufficient high-quality regional sti logistical and operational sti affordable places.
Friendship Park is listed as a motor kelkkailu from where parts of the centre on a scale that does not yet nut can have legal force.
The bill omistusasunto displays at garden shops
For homeowners, the drop in numbers, particularly in the under 35 group, may lead to garden shops in a reduction in turnover of tens of millions, when today 's young consumers have come of age in his garden were selling &quot; &quot;, the main target group. The Financial Times said the British horticultural sector trade union (Horticultural Trades Association, HTA) research.
According to a report by the Financial Times vuokraaja house was used in gardening, only 55% of homeowners from the long-standing use of money.
The study was conducted nyt also shows that more and more people live in the most urbanised in homes without gardens, and the whole garden is decreasing, while the courtyard makes no difference to increasingly carpark. These factors are threatening horticulture, whose value has been estimated at around 5 billion per annum.
The London metropolitan area, ownership of housing has dropped from 61% to 43% in six years, and horticultural products per household spent less money throughout the country.
HTA 's and Britain 's horticultural Society (RHS) says that the increase in rented housing or a reduction in the size of the garden does not mean, however, that people are not able to grow crops.
RHS 's leading horticultural consultant Guy Barter says that transferable &quot;, for instance, in rearing sites increased va plants are particularly popular amongst vuokraaj of a house, because such educational series can, if necessary, to include in its muuto &quot;.
HTA 's report says that the year 1997 was the horticultural sector 's sales growth period because ownership of housing and rising wealth from the late 1980s until the middle of the 1990s.
The report also predicted that trade improves this year with better weather conditions, thanks to last year 's March and the weather huhti kehnompi after.
Turkey is interrogating US diplomats because of the spying reports
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has called on the country 's experienced nut American diplomats in the country to give an explanation report concerning britt American and to espionage in Turkey.
According to the deputy prime minister Bulentin US embassy affairs was, and the Turkish authorities have discussed the report on Monday.
The German Der Spiegel -lehti and the online magazine The Intercept nee are now reporting that the US National Security Agency, the National Security Agency, the NSA) former analysts Edward Snowdenin leaked documents reveal that Turkey has been on the US and British intelligence services as the main intelligence target.
Turkish news agencies, the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has played down the significance of the report, saying that all major countries lee vakoil are of each other.
An earlier report by the German Intelligence Agency head to Ankara from spying on countries having vihaisemma reaction in the Turkish Government.
Croze Cannes winner will appear in a new Finnish film
In a number of successful elokuv occurs nyt Canadian näyttelijä Marie-Josée Croze is devoted to women in a new part of the film.
Croze plays a guide Mikko Kuparise in the film 2 night morning whose descriptions were launched this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes film festival for best female prime part of the prize for his role in the film, the barbarism of the invasion in 2003.
Muun nyt, he has appeared in films including Steven Grand in Munich and Julian Schnabelin in the film in a butterfly glass domes.
2 nights -elokuvan morning of men in the continent is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film gets its ensi-ilta in Finland in September 2015.
Majorca Magalufin police chief accused of corruption
The case reveals nee allowed gave evidence Calviàn police and municipal government officials from countries engaged in blackmail Mallorca public prosecutor 's office on Friday.
Located on the holiday island of Majorca Calviàn 's police chief has been arrested on a wet Magalufin celebration known as the region 's movement and the bar owners 'as a result of corruption.
The superintendent, José Antonio Navarro was placed in custody after a series of Punta Ballena -kadun issued owners filed corruption charges against him. The pound Ballena -kadulla are located most Magalufin bars and clubs.
The online publication of a daily newspaper, according to the Mallorca dia rio nee affair appears to have presented evidence Calviàn police and municipal government officials from countries engaged in blackmail Mallorca against corruption within the Public Prosecutor 's Office on Friday.
Spain 's National Guard arrested two other local police in connection with allegations of corruption, and they are the judge ina hauled off together with Navarro.
The entire country appeared vä daily ABC wrote nightclub owners vihastunee authorities of bias, which was greatly hampered their businesses.
It is no longer money &quot;, but surviving minen &quot;, one of the movement 's owner told the court.
You do not destroy our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was, in many countries the headlines this summer when online video levis went on YouTube, where an 18-year-old British holidaymaker was a sex with 24 men during a pub Crawlin '.
The island 's authorities have since nee are trying to curb Magalufin holiday-makers humaltunut and uncontrolled use of reason, reduce the notorious, alcohol acts pub crawlien participants.
Moreover Playhouse-yökerho, in what was described as a sex video, was ordered to shut down for a year, and the owner of the night club and pub Crawlin Carnagelle told the organisers were ordered jointly to pay the fines of EUR 55 000.
Above all, the young English turist Magalufin among popular tourist destination is also popular tul lut so-called balconing-trendi, which is causing nut alcohol consumption by a number of serious accidents, when people are asked hypän nee parvekkee are another parvekkee, or from the hotel pool.
Israeli children were returning to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip region were palas to school Monday after spending the summer in a bomb shelter when the mortars raketi and bombed their communities in 50 days of Israel 's and Han masi during the war and schools remained closed in the region recover ina fighting.
School package' was a source of joy and tension in rocket attacks on southern Israeli communities, but the fighting has left marks that are still visible.
In the south, in the town Ashdodi Pashosh-päiväkodissa workers removed traces of shrapnel in the walls and out of lines before the arrival of children raketi for nurseries.
Our &quot; are a little bit afraid, but also thrilled &quot;, told Roni by Bart, who lives in an Saad-nimisessä kibbutsi, in Israeli kommuuni, and working as English teachers in a school in the city.
In this region mone live children were desperately in need of routine.
The daughter of Bartin, on the Bartin intake that Shani school in return for a long time seems a little strange &quot; &quot;.
We have been &quot; between difficult aiko when we leave &quot; nee at home anywhere, he says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the Gaza border near kibbutsi, in offering his support in the country.
Before last week 's ceasefire began Saadin by thousands of such communities in the border area residents were the respect lee indoors or leave their nee kode are safer areas further from Gaza paet to rockets and mortars tul.
The Gaza mone are located near the front of the Nahal Oz community residents are sceptical about the return of Palestinians to the kingdom kranaati 4-vuotiaa boy in the community.
According to the Ministry of Education more than 10 families had not yet nut I returned.
These families with children have been installed so far in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, near the Gaza border town, which was a heavy Palestinian tulitukse.
He encouraged the children to study hard at home and promised that &quot; children 's education and safety is guaranteed &quot;.
Israel and Hamas agreed on an open-ended ceasefire last Tuesday.
A ceasefire stopped fighting immediately, but it will not bring nut solution to a number of key issues, such as the Han masi 's call for the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza 's air and sea routes opening up again.
Israel wants to disarm Han masi 's disarmament and the return of two Israeli soldiers in a war, the collapse of the body.
Egypt is expected to be the new indirect negotiations for the start of the round later this month.
The Palestinians and the UN estimates that the war has killed more than two hundred Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has been disagreement about the number of dead. It says at least half of the dead were soldiers, but because there has been no firm evidence of this.
Died on the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including an employee muun thaimaalainen, for example.
Hamas and the others were shot by soldiers in Gaza fighting 4 591 rockets and mortar into Israeli towns, mostly in the south.
In turn, the Israeli army took over 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250, 000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 UN maintained its long-standing school that had been converted into a temporary shelter.
Tens of thousands of people still in shelters and fighting continued in the school authorities transferred to the school last week.
I hope &quot; that school to open soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and just as Jewish children &quot;, said in the city of Gaza school shelter resident, 13-year-old Mohammad va Amara.
According to a commonly used index of housing prices have risen the most in seven years in September, Australia 's winter kaus.
Australian capital city house prices va measure -asuntojen RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic price index rose by 1.1% in August, RP emerged from the data on Monday.
With the rise in June, July and August, the increase in prices was a total of 4.2%, more than a month samo kaus points since 2007.
The annual rise in prices was to 10.9%, which is more than two times greater than in August 2013 for 12 months, but prices have not risen evenly across the country.
The rp data research director Tim Lawlessin, world cups and Melbourne are prices at the top.
The results of the rp data show that house prices rose in Sydney and Melbourne from 16.1% to 11.7% in the previous year.
I Adelaide, Brisbane Darwini and the housing market is now the busiest; price increases, the average is about five to six percent.
The weakest housing market is in Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4% per year as a result of government spending cuts.
According to Australian Lawlessin nut beginning in the spring, increases in the number of homes coming kaus during the month, which is a real test for the housing market.
Considering &quot; huomioon auction kaupattav housing sales increases, a generally lively pace of sales and the continuing low level of interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue for the next three months &quot;, Lawless says.
The new museum has drawn Gösta nyt to record audiences Mänttä
The new museum and the arts have been pulling nee record audiences this summer Mänttä.
The art museum Serlachiukse marks by the end of August nyt run over 70 000 visitors.
Another Gösta museum was opened in June and there have been among muun pop art it works Andy Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
A similar week Mäntä once told his visitors on Monday made a record when it Hetkinen-tapahtumassa was this summer, I visited lut 14 500 interested.
The figures tälläis are not used.
People need lapannut doors and windows &quot;, says director Pauli Sivonen Serlachius Museum.
Sivonen estimates that the number of visitors throughout the year Serlachius in museums, will this year close to a hundred thousand long-standing.
Earlier ina years, visitors have been around 40 000.
In the middle of the Tampere Jyväskylä and Mänttä-Vilppula, is approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Mr Sivonen museum to remind you that the new museums are always open to the phenomenon.
The challenge is to make &quot; permanent &quot; phenomenon, he says.
We therefore hope that the art Mäntä era options.' continued far beyond the summer.
In the autumn, the art museum ava are new exhibitions.
Police are investigating four recent days Kajaani to theft.
On Sunday evening by the North Sea Street, the commercial block window broken into a broken world.
Factor nut was obtained from a cash machine with a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday Syväoja Quality Street had been stolen from the lorry 's tank with fuel.
Whereas Petäisenniska 's boat port ty was taken between Sunday and Monday, with a boat tail engines.
Rowing vene was blond and inside Kalapalta-merkkinen off kellertevä.
In the interior, who said the leader of an &quot; &quot;.
Two of the suspects had already stolen police eht saad kiinni points, too.
On Sunday night 's road Tikkapuro environment have broken into commercial properties were flooded.
The police watchdog received a trail and a few kymppinen paltamolais were found - from spruce forests of long-standing piileskele.
On Monday, the police began grabbing Paltamo from another man who also was suspected of committing a burglary.
The missing Kajaani amfetamiini brought in murder
Less than 10 grams of amphetamines, the disappearance of an item was born in 1977 in the murder kajaanilais told him.
According to prosecutors, the man had gone and his life with another man nut hauliko housing and a shooting at a drug exporter to its long-standing doubts about the owner of the apartment, the 34 kajaanilais women.
The defendant denied the charges and claimed that he was accompanied by a second man ampuja.
The incident came to the attention of police when the police party stopped the car in which the company had been in the burning blood work in second-hand clothes.
The burnt-out apparel riekale of 'Moreover, found broken haulikko.
Court Kainuu 's right to give the sentence later in the case.
August was unusually warm in many places.
According to the meteorology agency as hot August kymmene recurring keskimäärin once in a year.
The meteorology agency 's statistics show that the average temperature in the country was higher than normal.
In most of the country 's deviation had been one to two degrees.
In July and August due to the heat of the summer was warmer than normal.
Throughout this summer 's high temperatures were measured in August Pori during the first week in which the indicator showed 32,8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: "My father never halan nut to me.
He never said her nut loved me
Henry was born out of a seven from Jamaica to a migrant family Dudleyssa British Midlands region in 1958.
Henry 's father worked in a factory, and died when the 19-year-old Henry. The relationship between father and son were distant.
Henry is currently harjoittele &apos; Rudy 's Rare Records -komediashow &apos; for the USA, which is based in part on his father with a hypothetical debate, and which has been developed in the Radio 4 series.
It is a mixture of voting raita reggae of rappia upbeat-tahdissa.
Henry nut has had to undergo a painful childhood muisto.
He has been in therapy on several occasions after the death of his mother, and he was reflecting much of their relationship with their father.
Father luke was very difficult.
His face is never visible nyt, only a voice said: "Stop making a fuss.
Leave your sister alone.
Do not move!
Now I watch cricket.
My older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults like me when I was a child, with the father went in and spoke to the pub, for example, in the form of beer tuopi, or cricket in terms of beauty.
I never talk nut with him on those issues.
Most of my life, for me, she was it hymytön man in the corner, reading the newspaper.
Henry recently opened a metal Dudleyssa of sulattamo, and thus gave an idea of what his father nyt life will need to be, even if working conditions are better today than it was then.
More are today a little brighter but they are virtually in the dark, smoke-filled, somewhere in the depths, where syöksähtele is the flames, smoke and soot tuonela, and who bring to mind.
Fathers had a tendency to go into bath and only in the country, and gradually he began to sing in order to gain more when they wash the dirt off themselves.
The more I walk around, I realised that he was doing the job nyt kaus, in order to provide us with food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite this Henry 's childhood was missing ma offers proximity to parents.
My father never nut halan nut and never said he loved me.
It was only when my mother started sairastell to just before his death, we began to repeat each other that we love each other.
Frenchin Billie-tytär Dawn Henry, with, and through his own children, he is able to love nyt jaka countries of which he himself was a child.
Do you constantly repeated origin.' va &quot; &quot; I love you?
Stop now it halailu!
Daddy, I 'm 22!
With Dawn Frenchin.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother
Henry is still a good friend with Frenchin, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why does Dawn and I are friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry 's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons which led to the death of the mother.
When I began to suffer from a high level of obesity and diabetes oireis, my doctor told me the reason to make a U-turn.
After that, I started to have some exercise a lot, and I also had to start hard pit dieetti, in order to reduce symptoms.
It is a very difficult -
And dull.
Nobody enjoys eating the carrots.
The well-known Henry, short beard perhaps describes his transformation during their career development.
After critics a lot of good feedback from his role as she is in her Othello theatre.
Next was a comedy of errors, and August Wilson 's Fences (their &quot; aida &quot;).
The conclusion of the theatre, offers a different experience than sitcomi and comedy that Henry is a busy nyt during the entire period of his career.
Henry in the field began when he was just sixteen years old factory worker.
One of the counter jukka saw him here on the keyboard and long-standing options.' imitaatio ott New Faces -kykykilpailuun were contacted.
I Henry tv-ura began in the middle of the 1970s. A fairly long &quot; was TV 's only black imitaattori and comedian &quot;, he says.
Henry learned in doing the work.
My pit did grow up in the spotlight, I had learned to produce pit jokes in the world from a conveyor belt between 1975-1985, while body tähteyt tele, and I was in television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny -kykykilpailussa New Faces in 1975
The manager Henry had the right to stage The Black and White Minstrel show &apos; elements, gentle viihdeohjelma programs, in which people who were present to black meikattu ina, so Henry went to comedian programme for five years.
My family is not nyt.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never even nut contributed to it, but I have no regrets.
Although my position was a bizarre and objectionable, I got to work in a huge event, and I learned how to deal with the public.
Yet &quot; britti-tv 's rewarded, a perennial favourite and a lightweight &quot; viihdeohjelma &quot; was simultaneously grotesque parody black people &quot;.
In the 1980s Henry was working in another comedy series, in which a joke was made and that was admired in black British culture.
In The Lenny Henry &apos; show the first episode was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s, Henry was among her characters chef Gareth Blacklockina comedy series Chef!
It is the next decade of Henry spent advertising, three, and film tv-sarjo vehicles on parts of the world, but the BBC in 2008 after he undertook LennyHenry.tv-sarjansa said to themselves: 'What are you going to next &quot;,' Let 's - it now seems that are just right or by moving &quot; are sidetracked.
Next was a Radio 4 documentary series -kanavan &quot; What &apos; 's so Great About...? &quot;.
In the first part of which was devoted to Shakespeare.
I am always trying to avoid long-standing nyt Shakespeare.
It has not been an actual sti taught to us in school properly, and I think it was the white middle class, which spends sukka trunks and that is money.
Therefore, for Shakespeare gave rise to fear in me.
All of our shortlisted countries in the programme - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: My &quot; kokeile.
Don 't reject the whole idea before I know what they are talking about.
The words tapaile and understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said 20 lines Othello 's last speech for documentary and he was sold.
I felt that I can do this.
It was almost as if a part of me would nut intervene earlier, and now it was laid down.
This involves &quot;, this is important, and so do not take it seriously, do your lines, do a little background research.
So the training process was a tough one, and I read the spectacle kaus months before it was carried out.
The drama was ultimately a success.
It evidently expected an onni stuva, but it does not quite hold nyt.
Soon after Henry played a leading role in a comedy of errors.
Suddenly, I played in Britain 's national theatre, and rightly nut can.
At one stage, the idea came to my mind: Oho &quot;, have changed &quot;.
Once again, the spectacle had technical problems, and Henry clearly felt that it was his job to entertain the public.
&quot; is a small voice in my mind said to me: 'You have to be able to survive &quot; 10 minutes alone, until the computer works again &quot;. &quot;
Instead, the assistant director, said that the move will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I left the scene, and part of me, heaved a sigh of relief.
It is not my duty,
I will leave it to others.
Part &quot; you are going to play a role in keeping &quot;
Henry &quot; Fences &quot; -näytelmässä Duchess-teatterissa
Through the training &quot; Fences &quot; -näytelmään was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes the man 's more durable.
This spectacle was well received, so it was like a sign from the gods; &quot;, this is what you should be doing &quot;.
This KUMEALLA, Henry says, of course, that voice.
So I decided to stick with this.
I sincerely love this job.
I love training rooms.
Henry, however, is still basically a comedian: Small, cocky young humour, our debate was interrupted repeatedly when he exchanged imitaatio to another.
No Stand-up-komiikasta minen is a question of will, for the immediate thanks to an unknown from the general public seems to be dangerous.
If ever it covets, it can lead to an impasse.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time Apollo by cinema, it seems, but in general it will no longer inspire me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry, does he aiko leaving another stand-up-kiertueelle.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the guide, which will help to shape the whole country at the beginning of the journey, the middle and the end, and I do not believe that I would never give up on feeling.
So this is his new rebirth?
I think so.
I see näyttelemise -
It is really fun.
When play is constantly being told a story, and I feel at ease in this task.
I love stories.
People love the stories.
Kenya will establish a register of civil servants in order to eliminate &quot; &quot; ghost workers
Kenya has started nut a biometric register officials trying to remove &quot; ghost workers &quot; government wage listo.
Employees who do not show up on the register nee during the next two weeks, should no longer pay, a government statement announced.
The government suspects that thousands are still being paid their salary pursuant to their official duties.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to root out corruption in the public sector took in office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to an audit &quot; &quot; ghost workers 'salaries and other financial abuses it took a month to at least one million dollars.
The government suspects that the salaries paid to accounts even after a person has died or left nyt official functions, the BBC 's Wanyama Chebusiri reported from the capital of Nairobi.
All civil servants must declare themselves register in the next few weeks the identification centres in order to ensure that their data is stored in a biometric registration form, the government said in a statement.
According to the statement, all of which were left out, without reason, without proper justification, be removed from the payroll listo.
This measure &quot; makes a significant public sector, because it determines how many really henke operate in its tasks. In addition, they cleaned the wage listo government on both levels. This solves &quot; &quot; ghost workers &quot; problem, says Anne Waiguru, decentralisation and planning ministry office official.
The 2015 Seinäjoe 's annual output may fall 25.5 million deficit unless city sopeuta operate and spending growth in a tense economic situation.
The current annual budget, it is falling to around 9.4 million deficit.
As a means to enhancing potential ina were displayed on the breadth of services and the level of services on both the purchase and sale of property and payment of grants, as well as tax and increasing yields.
Investments of 10 million euro from the screening target size is 8.5 million.
The situation of the municipalities, there is no relief.
For municipalities, the new constraints, insufficient growth in tax revenues, rising unemployment and public vä of a 5% cut to weaken the outlook even further.
The purpose of the Seminar is to seek new ways to balance the economy.
Municipal government has agreed that savings have to be made.
The ship must be translated into a strategy for the goal, says the municipal government chairman Kimmo Heinonen.
Municipal government returned dy made further proposals for the future management team.
Municipal government 's proposals are in the budget as a basis in the council Frami during an economic seminar on Monday 8 September.
Following the seminar on council draft budget is progressing through the management board of the municipal government and city council.
The police arrested kymmene turkkilais are suspected &quot; of &quot; ploy against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey is suspected of violating &quot; government from uvres &quot;, local media sources are telling.
Police officials did not immediately comment nee.
According to Hurriyet Daily News -lehden detainees including 14 high-ranking police officials.
Some police officers were last December in connection with the corruption investigations, which were targeting government officials, including four cabinet ministers.
In July, several police officers were arrested in Turkey, accused of widespread criminal vyyhde and telephone follow-up.
Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (which was at that time prime minister), said that the police action is part of the Islamist leader, Fethullah Gullenin power for him and the other against the planned activity.
All the children are returning to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine 's schools opened their ove Monday 's (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This is traditionally a big day for the family, and thousands of other Ukrainian parents, including Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
At the same time, he told waiting journalists that all schools are not avan nee again, but he said that he is committed to defending the country to land for future generations:
In September, the first of the day ty ceremony is celebrated in every school.
The whole of Ukraine is not at peace.
We must fight va on behalf of peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole of the giant Ukrainian Front va is the fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a teacher in a school Slavianskin where Yatsenyukin daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally be returning and that children are able to learn saad, which is a benefit to them in the future.
The first school day celebrations are traditionally a child kirjail lut shirts, air balls and giving flowers to teachers.
According to Mr Perry, the Texas libellous twiitti was illegal
The Governor of Texas, Rick Perry Twitter accounts from fixed was sent on Sunday night from a libellous image of the democrats among a coterie of lawyers in a hearing of this abuse of power allegations.
Later Tweetti were removed, and it was followed by another tweetti, in which Perry swore that he had nothing to do with the picture.
Unauthorised Tweetti was sent to my bank account.
I do not accept &quot; tweettiä and eliminate nut, its &quot;, its subsequent publication said.
Perry 's background nee jouko are not immediately say the requests for clarification.
Although tweetit was sent from the Perry confirmed Twitter accounts, it is unclear who the picture was published.
The first twiitti contained the insulting cartoons Travisin of a district lawyer Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drink-driving huhti in 2013.
Perry Lehmbergin blocked the funding of the post when he refused to resign from the country, which led to the big jury assembly in Austin this month when Perry. Perry is the 2016 presidential election, a possible candidate.
Tweetin title was: I do not drive &quot; always drunk, three times the permitted level of alcohol by volume... But if it happens, I blame Governor Perry to finger &quot; of society.'.
I am in the Texas drunk of a democrat.
The agency did not lead Lehmbergin nut during the grand jury investigation against Mr Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, the San Antioniossa operate special prosecutor whose Republican judge ordered to do.
Perry nut told nut his innocence and called the accusations a political plot.
His influential legal aid nyt points his team is asking a judge to reject its long-standing nut accusations and said that the law under which the Texas governor for the longest period in office had been blamed, is against the Constitution peilattu scheme.' unclear.
Perry has cut $7.5 million in State aid for the country 's public integrity services, which operates Travisin in the district and to deal with the public sector 's accusations when Lehmberg refused to resign from the country.
Perry 's decision was left to the rest of the Monitoring Group will give the country a formal complaint on the matter.
Perry confirmed Twitter accounts updated regularly - and sometimes even kuuluisasti.
A fifth priority Iowa during the election meeting of the 2012 presidential campaign, Perry will stop uhos had a game in the publishing world, the Twitter image of itself in the long-standing lake lenkkeile text &quot; here will, South-Carolina! &quot; time-frames.
According to Berkeley, the housing market has returned to the normal &quot; &quot;
One of London 's most important nut developers has warned that the South East of England, the housing market has &quot; I &quot; nee are normal activity levels.
The capital is the London housing nut 's huge demand and soaring ty while there is widespread fear of a credit bubble, which led the Bank of England set to land constraints for mortgages in June.
The high level of promoter Berkeley 's founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that the current economic &quot; since the beginning of the year, the market and the number of shops nee palautu are normal for the 2013 &quot; after the tail and added that this should enable nut &quot; stable &quot; environment.
The London housing market went well during the recession, foreign investors seeking swarms in the capital city.
The land registry data, house prices in the city rose by 18.5% in the last year alone, and thus clearly crossed the England and Wales average was 6.7%.
Berkeley 's private, affordable and student buildings average sales prices rose by around a fifth in the previous year, to reach £423 000 huhti price rises by the end of the month.
However, the pound has strengthened nut nyt making London property less attractive kaus last month - part of the interest also nee are influenced by new property tax laws and political rhetoric about a possible &quot; kartano tax &quot; before touko during the general elections.
London kiinteistön intermediary Foxtons warned last week that the mortgage report huhti, which reported stricter lending standards, lead mata sheep 's level of market growth in both property sales volume and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England 's latest data showed on Monday that loans approved fell in July, which indicates viilenev in the housing market.
Hamptons International kiinteistön intermediary has fallen to the 2015 forecast for London property hinno. "It suggests that prices fall by 3%, as homeowners hinno of his opinion on the measure nut va index is already beginning to deteriorate.
The number of shops of London 's most expensive areas Chelsea, a fall in Mayfair nut Kensingtonissa and a quarter years ago, wa kiinteistön intermediary Ellis says.
The demand kot, in the capital, however, is a boon Berkeley, which increased revenues from the property sold over £2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that the well-planned &quot;, the demand for the right product with the best passing nyt has remained stable, and thus the sales have remained as lively &quot; nyt.
In June, the company said it sold its huhti 3 742 uut homes in the preceding year; this is almost a third more than the economic crisis of the previous peak achieved in 2007.
The annual before tax calculated voito rose 40% a year ago, the case of 380 million pounds and turnover kasvoi by 18% to £1.6 billion.
Pidgley said Monday before the company 's annual meeting that the merits of the year Berkeley are responsible for the market 's current expectations.
Analysts agree that the whole year 's taxes before victory is 450 million pounds.
The Share Berkeley was selling this afternoon in the London stock market in steady price £23,96.
Jennifer Lawrence hakkeri alastonkuv leaked to the web
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th Annual Academy Awards -palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
Hakkeri, which claims to have hundreds of pictures of the stars muun was OSCAR näyttelijä Jennifer Lawrence naku images on the web.
The hunger games stars representative confirmed that the pictures are genuine and condemned the arrogance of the hacker &quot; &quot; for violation of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and all of which were published in the Jennifer Lawrence stolen images coming from abroad are to blame.
The images which originally published 4chan-kuvanjulkaisusivulla were obviously nee end up in the wrong hands because of the weakness of the Apple iCloud-tallennusjärjestelmän. One hundred muun hacking into the list of stars claimed dozens of other female stars such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
Do you know how much of the pictures are genuine, albeit against Scott Pilgrim maailma -tähti Winstead, condemned the hacking into Twitter.
&quot;, for those who were looking at me and my husband in the privacy in our home years ago by pictures: I hope you have a good spirit &quot;, Winstead twiittasi.
&quot; Nickolodeonin &quot; iCarly and Victorious &quot; &quot; -sarjojen Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of images, however twiittasi and that these so-called &quot; alastonkuva me are counterfeit, do you not understand &quot;.
Let me make this stop in the bud.
Buzzfeedin, announced late Sunday that a representative tähti Ariana Granden pop stars denied the authenticity of the images.
Just the appearance of us soni vä grip Jacob Howard, received praise from the new novel, which tells of love and an j-kirjaime
They were, it is best described as what has been happening, gradually, they were given each other than nyt rainfall falling out of a cardboard box.
Only then, he has heard from a woman who said that it was too serious, painful, intense, chatting nut, and perhaps also a little piikikäs.
Then he heilautt had a hand.
He identified piikikkää.
Yes, he had piikikäs, or siili.
Her piikk during his last victim was initially had a relationship that was, however, have been promising; it was apparently nyt, this relationship should nut can facilitate his lonely tylsyyt, and it would perhaps nut can bring his or her life, even some content.
Ailinn Solo mon living kesyttämättömä had white hair, and he was a sensitive and delicate hentoinen kaunotar joy in his heart, a village in the north, which was even more prosaic and more of everything than Mr Port Reuben.
He was a senior tul lut south with the mobile partner, Kevern presumed to be his aunt. Nyt täti was recovered in the house, which was located in a wet paratiisimaise while in the Valley, and the valley 's name was conveniently Paratiisi Valley.
In the house had not been inhabited nut anyone for years.
The pipeline was leaking, and all bathrooms were hämähäkke, snail nee had left their mark on the windows, the whole place as their own, in the garden, weeds kasvoi, which were huge that I create.
It was like a child mökki story, at the same time, threatening and magical, wood Banks, full of secrets.
To tell us about the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel &quot; J &quot; is a condition for receiving Booker-kirjallisuuspalkinnon in 2014.
The candidates will be published next week
Kevern was seated nut hand-in-hand with dilapidated Ailinnin, with a long patio chair in the middle of July, enjoying surprising on a warm spring afternoon, listening to both the arrogance vastaanotin, which was heard across the whole country to contain music and reassuring news, when does Ailinnin ristit, solar ruskettama are the feet brought Kevernin recalls a song that was long ago forgotten nut sing esiintyjä black and his father was often heard säle of lut their kaihtime are low.
Football might be too great.
The songs were basically too aggressive, and they no longer been rung in the receiver.
They have not been banned - no actual sti had been banned - they are no longer just been rung.
They wanted to leave unhola, as the actual word unhola.
Public opinion was prompted by what the laws and the declaration had not been achieved: Just as in the field of literature, people chose to read his memoirs heroes, cooking books and romance; music, they prefer ballade.
As the day villiinnyttämä Kevern began to dial an imaginary piano, singing serenadi Ailinnin to big noble to the outrageous comic voice.
Ailinn nyt are not understood.
It was going &quot; pianisti Fats Wallerin famous song &quot;, Kevern told him, and at the same time, by raising two fingers in their mouth.
That his father was always doing nyt before &quot; j &quot; -kirjain eht had to escape his lips.
It was the start of an nut game between him and his father when he was small.
His father said that he played the same game with his own father.
If you did get his j: The word, and you remember nut put two fingers into your mouth, I had to pay a penny themselves.
It was not a very fun game, and it was not so now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
Her pit did explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of.
There had been no jazzi sti declared itself to be banned, it has not just been rung.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life, there was only room for one jos-sanalle.
At the beginning of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
For wiliness nyt, was held in the same way.
Its unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was the music via nokkeluut.
While Kevern was 10 years of age, have heard of Sammy Davis junior, going lut tul was music to him to know his father through the half CD-kokoelma of salaise.
Well, at least he does not need to tell nut Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking huomioon Ailinnin iän said it was likely that he did not remember nut era when popular singers were not black.
Again, not having been lake or coercion.
A simple society meant that each of its parts approved ina gratitude - gratitude ina, that they were as good at the commercial nee are spared - to the principle according to which each group made it a natural thing.
His temperament wins out and their physical characteristics based on African karibi are sexual juure by their own people are best suited to entertaining reason urheile and the country, and so they sang and ran out.
Initially, India from the continent were as natural to a talented with electronic equipment, so their job was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used for things.
Those who were left in the Polish community, were working as plumbers; the last Greeks were broken plates.
When SE, happened MITÄ, JOS took place, it was proven that they were from the Gulf and hail Lähi-Idästä, whose grandparents were not pelo paen nee are swiftly so that they would be accused of flames roihahtamise, for fear that they would reach the flames next to them, opened up restaurants that served labneh-jogurttia and burned water smokestack, and continued with their lives in their country created ina and depressed tylsyyte of ina.
Everyone must act according to their talents.
Ailinn was heard only ballade, and he said it was difficult to understand how Kevernin just sing the offensive words had never been puke can be music.
Through music, expressing love.
They are not actually &quot; are insulting &quot;, Kevern said.
Except, perhaps, that big cephalopods.
My own father never loukan nut anybody, but this song made him happy.
He was already nut said too much, but were rejected for Banks created an illusion of security.
Not a single word is circulating among a huge supply of crops through the soundproofing of newspapers.
Ailinn nyt are not yet understood.
Why did your father he did something like that?
He aiko was trying to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but it does not want nut to raise two fingers to his lips Ailinnin club.
Ailinn pit told him strange now.
The father &quot; thought it was amusing &quot; &quot;, he said instead.
Ailinn pudist was its head in disbelief, and she covered her hair Kevernin points.
There is nothing to be seen in the whole world than Ailinnin enormous varikse, with hair pehko.
Anything he does not want to see nut.
Once &quot; if &quot; by saying so, he said, but it does not sound nut convinced.
It does not, however, explain why they sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely baffled.
My feet are so big?
He looked again.
Did you get your foot in the actual sti are not large.
Ankle could, perhaps, a little bit...
And you hate me because my foot is too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He would have been able to say nut &quot; &quot; I love you, but it was still too early for that.
For me, the charming &quot; are thick because of your ankles &quot;, he tried to remedy the situation.
I have a perverse sense.
This did not help.
He had to ask nut it sounds nice.
Often, when he wanted hauskuutta, the effect was quite different because he, like his father, was lacking in a convincing charmi where vits brutality can control.
Perhaps his father was mean nut to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same.
Indulgent, in spite of his eyes.
Ailinn Solomons was blush with patio and rose from his wheelchair and tipped at the same time, the receiver and wine läikytt said that they were just nee by drink.
The wine was only selja ty put on flowers, and so he does nut can use the reason törmäily.
In his nervousness, he seemed tärisevä, like palm trees in the storm.
The Fat &quot; and you got is what appeals to you in shouldering &quot;, he said...
Except that does not seem to me.
Kevern was sorry Ailinnin, as well as their own, is unnecessarily cruel because they say that because of its pelo, which was reflected in the eyes of this moment when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Ailinn any thought that she would beat me?
He had never told nut Kevernille during a life of dealing in the north of the island, where he had grown up, but Kevern was sure that it was essentially the same as life here too.
The same enormous hyinen sea, who aaltoil went against them.
The same confused men, albeit after the event pirullisemma still kalpeamma and the great sala kuljettaja-, which their vanhempa, moved from pub to pub, appearing ready to long-standing every woman who would dare to oppose kiusoitell or to them.
Thick head?
Yet she would see a thick nyrki, if not be careful!
Imuta force.' - pussaamise had tul lut routine.' of a man and a woman 's erotic encounter a telling word; a receiver out of the orders placed by extraction of meaningless ballad love imuta are an antidote - first and attack.
The latter Kevernin thought that was too much, because it was already imuttaminen itself hostile.
Ailinn Solomonsin body language called him to leave for good reason.
He pulled himself up on the patio chair rather than an old man.
Ailinn also felt exhausted, but the depth of the sorrow Kevernin has surprised him.
No, this was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn resulted in her spending - just as he watched his travelling companion Kevernin entering the upper floors from the window - a man who was personally responsible for heavy life.
On leaving the garden aatami, he thought.
He 's an hour Keverniä sense of pity and towards men in general, even though some of them were nut put his hands against him in order to attack.
Backs turned nyt - kumarainen, shame vä, being beaten, a man who had lost all desire to fight - and why he felt that it was so familiar to him, even though he does not remember nut that had never previously before this moment we saw nyt drill?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he looked at his feet.
A couple of years before I have just described what happened to the intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked in measuring public opinion in private institutions Ofnowissa, made a brief inquiry into small and medium-sized kova valla continued violence in the country, in those areas where the reduction in violent valla, or even end, was most likely taking huomioon Nice.' rooting out of money and energy.
Getting &quot; much has already been achieved, and much remains to be done, without reason &quot;, he wrote, in order to offset &quot; thousands of years I fought and won most of the nation 's natural aggression, particularly those abandoned and isolated kolk options.', where over hedgerows, despite church towers may lempeyt people aiko are rarely known over time.
Some issues, however, does not go away entirely.
The higher the Tower, the lower it is, the reason the kicks.
The nation is crying ballad of sentimentaalis, was the age of bytes adversity telling stories and is married and family life by virtue of its name, but at the same time, the old tripartite cruelty must be unrelenting in its grip in both rural communities and subject to common residential areas, and there is evidence of a new, on the goodwill pahasieluisemmasta row kode, in the workplace, on our streets and even in parks.
There is an unfortunate tendency &quot; you dramatise &quot;, its director, commented on her to read the whole report.
I would like to suggest that you read less romaane.
Nussbaum was putting his eyes on the country.
In addition, I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
I believe &quot;, there is no need for me to answer this &quot;, Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you lesbo?
Putting was still right to be responding to a world without personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
I do not ask &quot; &quot;, Luther Rabinowitz said, "since I oppose &quot; ateismi, lesbian seksuaalisuut and feminism.
In this workplace, it perpetuates prejudices.
We are open-minded society 's servants.
Although a certain degree of sensitivity in itself is perfectly acceptable and respectable, it can sometimes lead to distorted outcomes, such as what has just been said to me.
Obviously, you have something against the church - and what you have described as cruel or evil thinking, others tend to appoint as a natural energy and physical strength ".
There was talk minen of MITÄ, JOS happened, as if it were happening nut yesterday, if it happened at all, would destroy the country 's fundamental vitality.
Putting Rabinowitzin Nussbaum felt around while talking.
Behind the main flamingo cocky Rabinowitzin vaalean instruction through LED light declared that Ofnow jaka nut had been in the country during the last quarter of the century, or longer.
There were neighbours, appreciate your partner, listening ballade, is conducting musikaale, do not use your telephone, discuss, explain, listen, does not agree, asking for an apology.
Talking is better than silence and raised the word is better than it has been written, but nothing will love.
&quot;, I understand very well what I have to say &quot;, Esme Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice when it was certain that his driver had finished, only &quot; and I would like to say that we are not equally effective cure than we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we were not warned, we see samo, we repeat the mistakes which originally led MITÄ happened, JOS took place.
This time we vuodata, our anger and our confidence in each other.
Luther Rabinowitz formed with his fingers in the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
&quot; &quot; goes too far, he said, would describe &quot; &quot; error &quot; those acts which our grandparents are likely nee to do or not to do, without good reason.
They also go too far in saying that they were crying &quot; in their hatred and mistrust of their other &quot; &quot;.
When would you like to be in a position, should not have to remind the world that, when it comes to the understanding of the past, or present, we are not talking &quot; &quot; of &quot; &quot;, or about them.
There was no &quot; &quot; us &quot; &quot; and others.
It was a time of chaos, and that is all we know about it.
&quot;, if we are quite honest, it was in chaos &quot;, Esme dared go to countries, no society &quot; 's group cannot say he behaved very well.
I am not accusing anyone.
What was done, was done, whether it was good or bad.
It was at that time.
There is no need to speak any more - and here we agree with.
And just as it is unnecessary to distribute accusations, nor does it need to make corrections, whether justified or not, and even if there were some way to make them.
But what for the past is there, then, if it does not take the lessons...
The past is there, so we can forget it.
If I may add one thing...
Luther Rabinowitz broke his pyramid.
Your report &quot; run through &quot;, he said, and indicated that it was time to leave Esmen.
The next day, he went to work in a normal way, he hit the pavement driving va motorcyclist, whose driving &quot; by passers-by who were described as evil and furious &quot; bid.
Accident occurs.
The Lesotho army denies its planned attack. The prime minister will remain in South Africa
The Lesotho army officials have denied their nee lavastanee are intended to fall of the government of the attack, and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army was besieging nyt of his official housing nut power and government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Head of State, rode to a neighbouring country with his family to South Africa after announcing that it is getting nut death sentence of death.
A representative of the army majuri Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said that the army has responded to this threat, which originated from the political &quot; from fanatics &quot;. Police said the attempted armed fanatics.
The Lesotho defence force &quot; took action after receiving several intelligence that some police forces were trying to arm young party fanatics, these being prepared to cause problems in countries &quot;, he told Voice of America -uutistoimistolle.
The South African government 's President 's Clayson Monyelan says that the army 's actions seemed to be a revolution.
Although no one &quot; has not lifted its claim nyt government force, the Lesotho Defence Force policies seem largely responsible for the coup hallmarks &quot;, he says.
The Lesotho army officials said the soldiers were returning to their barracks on Sunday, and in the capital, the atmosphere was calm.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing leads Thabanen government in his absence.
Thabane says he believes that it is a target of the action because nyt, he is trying to fight against corruption.
In Lesotho ilmenny is the tension since June when Thabane suspended parliament sessions that the grand coalition government because of disputes.
He denies that its väheksynee power of the government, even though the opposite is claimed.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft Uudellemaalle to set up a data centre
The information technology company, Microsoft has set up a large computer nut Centre Uudellemaalle, whose location the company refuses to specify countries.
Microsoft 's media to send out long-standing options.' newsletter, the company says that it did not tell all of its data centres, the location for security reasons.
According to Microsoft, the centre is already fully equipped and linked to the network.
For Microsoft, it represents several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
In public, the centre 's location had previously been Oulu, or almost Kajaani.
Microsoft ended its Oulu points, which takes around 500 people in the workplace.
In all, Microsoft is announcing its nut layoffs in Finland up to 1 050 jobs.
Microsoft 's communications director Camilla Lindfors says STT, that the company does not comment on how many staff to employ a new data centre.
Data centre Uudellemaalle told Kauppalehti on Monday.
The man accused of the girls päälleajo traffic light crossroads
78-vuotias men accused over a girl driving in traffic light crossroads Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving the girls at a crossroads over Pittenweenissä Eastern Neukissa.
According to prosecutors, Stewart drove Audi Q3 -autollaan negligent and caused the injuries to the girl.
From Stewart Anstrutherista, 78, denied the accusations in the Dundee sheriff 's sitting.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four vinkki to be superior to the underwater pictures and videos
If you want to take pictures or video under water, you have your choice of several different equipment options.
The low-cost option is water resistant, then kompakti point-and-shoot-kamera, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 action-kamera, or, like the GoPro Hero3 + Silver editio, who both were paid around 300 dollars.
Personally, I took these pictures at a family party, using several different cameras, each of which cost less than $350.
Regardless of the device, there are certain rules that should be adhered to.
Always check your device twice over.
If you had the camera was watertight, do not guarantee, however, that the camera akku and other sections have been closed water pitävästi.
In addition to setting the camera 's description Regulation to countries respond to images or video.
Some cameras or cameras and video cameras in the combination of a regulation, which helps to optimise crew conditions under water.
In addition, before we jump into the water, make sure how deep your device can bring.
Some of the cameras only 5 feet depth, some 50-60 feet depth.
Agenda for both ordinary and watertight malle points to our purchase guide digikamero and the criticism.
Take several pictures were mone of them - have failed in some way.
The cameras kompakte has lcd-näyttö, which enables sommitell can image, whereas action-kameroissa often do not have this quality.
If you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the image sommittelu can either succeed or fail.
So take lots of pictures.
In addition, if your camera allows haarukoinni, which means many of the images taken at different regulations, not taking advantage of this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is falling significantly deeper.
If possible, stop at or near the surface would describe it as in the pool, lake or ocean.
Thus, the pictures could also get more colours; the deeper you go, the less visible colours.
Try to get close to the subject matter to be portrayed.
This is an important piece of advice when we describe in this country, but even more important under water because of light conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when there is an action-kamera: These devices are often fixed linssi, which has a broad picture, namely the cameraman should be close to the site, so that an object meets the frameworks of the whole picture.
China will not allow Hong Kong to elect their leaders - the demonstrators had vowed to revenge
China 's parliament decided on Sunday that Hong Kong 's voters are allowed to choose the candidates for the 2017 election of a growing, democratic reform despite instability on demand.
The decision is likely to provide the spark of the Hong Kong business community to the area for the long awaited protests by activists have started to plan and implement the demonstrations only hours after the publication of the decision.
China 's National People 's Congress, in practice, the decision to give power to the Communists to stamp out any candidates that do not obey Beijing.
&quot;, this was to be expected, but it is still an outrageous &quot;, says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what was promised by Beijing.
They are the lobbying lee hongkongilais.
It is clear that we will act together with the autocratic regime.
China 's National People 's Congress, the committee 's deputy Secretary-General Li Fei defended the Chinese government saying that a general minen for reelection to Hong Kong 's leader in an election would be too chaotic &quot; &quot;.
Since 1997, when the British handed over Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised to the people of the region that it would get to choose their leaders from 2017 - backwards.
According to China 's leaders on Sunday, the decision was a democratic breakthrough, as it will mean that Hong Kong could vote in the direct election, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control strictly to the electoral process through the appointment of a committee, which is managed from Beijing.
According to the new clause only candidates who &quot; who love the country and love Hong Kong &quot;, is adopted.
The previous summer, was held in Hong Kong, some of the region 's biggest and most high-profile protests in years.
The campaign for democracy was largely behind Occupy Central With Love and Peace -liike, whose organisers have prevented uhan nee are part of the business world, if Beijing does not grant Hong Kong genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, only hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters of Occupy Central -liikkeen met rainfall in Hong Kong 's main government buildings.
In a demonstration of the movement 's organisers announced a movement moving into a new era of civil disobedience, and they would trigger waves of protest ina in the coming weeks.
However, they did not tell the details nee, apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Online publishing in the country. In its statement, the organisers said that the Occupy Central movement -tempausta &quot; to be the last resort, which will be introduced only if there is no hope of a dialogue and there is no other path &quot;.
We are very sorry when we declare that today is the last chance for dialogue has broken down and the centre minen power is going to happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday, security measures were strict, close to government buildings. There was, for example, the police and the barricades.
Instability breeds in Hong Kong, with many feeling that residents are slowly losing their long-standing options.' power for the city.
A wave from the continent who are causing nut competition in products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong 's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing abroad in Beijing under growing pressure.
Some people have criticised the Occupy Central nee -liikettä, its exhibitions are threatening Hong Kong 's living conditions - in the business world.
The protest &quot;, which, they say, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people take part in it and how long it lasts &quot;, said the legislator, Mrs Regina IP, which has long criticized lut movement.
We do not want to spread worry that Hong Kong is slipping away from our grasp in the world.
Such an image would be bad for the investment.
China 's state-run media have also been stories that Hong Kong 's democracy activists are revolution alarmist western valto of &quot; collaborators.
This summer, the activists held an informal voting rights referendum, attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
In July kymmene thousand participated in one of the region 's biggest pro-democracy demonstrations.
US prom-perinne hits British universities: New students to the private jette
We are excited about the demand by countries to set up Britain 's first luxury class in the form of travel in today 's students.
The company offers a private aircraft, in addition to other vehicles, such as Rolls-Royce Phantomin, Aston Martin or McLaren P1 's, so that the customer can ensure the most memorable entry into university.
According to Stewart, the service is also the security aspect.
The service is the best possible option for students who otherwise would be brought before their property across the country packed loads in cars.
When this is combined with the numerous VIF-ominaisuuksiin (VIP-ystävä), we are ready to offer the countries of today 's students as easy and high-quality transportation to the university.
According to the company 's reservations have not yet tul lut, because the service has just been created, but added that the students &quot; teo up orders in the next few weeks &quot;.
The company believes that there is a demand for service, even though most students pay £9 000 the number of annual fees.
Today 's students are their expectations and hopes for their very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, the education nee begin. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and Vif is exactly the right way to do it.
However, a national student organisation, criticising the service, which is not realistic.
The organisation 's higher education segment of the Vice-President MW, according to Dunn &quot;, this service plan seems to be very far from a student &quot; life for the majority.
This month mone by their studies are starting to get very upset at the cost of living, while the available financial subsidies and loans, in the form of grants after ice nee are the basic cost of a staggering upturn; only then can begin to think about what would be available to thousands of such simple things than kampukse for arrival.
The house of &quot; Mexican Ipswichi &quot; sale
Real estate agents were removed from sale in Suffolk is a house selling picture after acknowledging that in the picture in the living room of the house is a big fat pig.
One of the bedroom of a house whose price is £120, 000, is situated along a private path Ipswichi.
The announcement was a picture of the living room, where the pig sohva based its head on.
According to the intermediary Connellsin kiinteistön image of a pig is a darling of the owner.
However, the picture ended &quot; announcement by mistake, and it has subsequently been removed &quot;, the company 's representative says.
In a statement, Connells describes a meeting &quot; house into a unique one for the bedroom houses &quot;.
Although nut kiinteistön dissemination has removed the image from its website, it is nevertheless in advertisements.
The sale of the house will inspire nyt interest in social media, where ty are questioning whether the price of the pig house.
Torres 's departure was confirmed, ManU Kagawa will return to Dortmund at
Spanish Chelsea hyökkääjä from Fernando Torres 's departure was confirmed, but almost at the same time korvaaja came in on opening.
Chelsea announced its pestannee neli three-year agreement French warheads Loic Remy 's neighbouring club QPR.
The trading price, according to press reports, is 13 million.
Torres, 30, is moving to AC leg through a two-year loan agreement.
He moved on to Liverpool Chelsea by a record £50 million, the sum of four years ago, but never nyt meets expectations.
Their decision was also unsuccessful japanilais player Shinji Kagawan nut retki to Manchester United.
As expected, Kagawa returns to the German Bundesliiga Bor uss to Dortmund, where he made his breakthrough before ManU-siirtoaan.
According to press reports, the trading price is around EUR 8 million.
A recent agreement Kagawan neli years.
I wanted to make my dream true Valioliiga.
Now I am happy when I am a man of Dortmund again.
This is a fantastic team and a wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
The second bundesliigaseura Hertha Berlin Kaloulla Solomon will be strengthened.
The Ivorian national team hyökkääjä will move from Lille ranskalaise of Herthaan, and the transfer fee has been estimated at about 3 million.
Before Kalou Lille, 29, played a year in the 2006-12 Chelsea.
In the Paris flats explosion already eight dead
The number of deaths rose to eight on Monday in a suburb of Paris, the apartment blocks that occurred in the aftermath of the explosion.
Rosny-sous-Bois &apos; in the suburb on Sunday, namely that injured 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are still elonjääneitä house from the rubble on Monday, but hopes of finding survivors were fading from.
The preliminary cause of the explosion is suspected gas leakage.
The explosion occurred early on Sunday and was so powerful that it struck buildings over a radius of 100 metres.
We had our whole house move: We vapis pelo.
The explosion was so powerful that we replace &quot; tolls, namely described the location in a neighbouring residence va Maryline Yyvon.
A nearby school was already erected on Sunday as emergency accommodation for the residents of the house.
Part of the only life -tähdistä presentation at 17
The opportunity is presented only -sarjan stars to life.
The stars of the programme met earlier in the day for the first time after the description of the series.
Part of the issue is the early evening tähtis media there with Nelonen Expo -nimeä load-bearing tv-messu.
In September, Nelonen Media will be presenting their software and dozens of boxes of power
The life of autumn only Vesa-Matti Loiri -sarjassa are involved, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni Vartiainen, Wirtanen Elastinen and Toni.
So, some of them in the evening session and the ISTV 's direct broadcast here.
The opportunity to start Sebastian Rejmanin originates abroad with Nelonen Media channels in the autumn with introduction of software.
Since the proportion of earmarked ISTV 's camera will seek only life -tähtiä interviews.
This article is an updated ty: All life -esiintyjät are not here tonight on the occasion.
According to the information that came just at the start of an event may be a slight delay.
Shipment does not appear on all mobile devices.
HJK will in the world, the players on Trinidad and Tobago
The Europa League football to survive in the wilderness nyt HJK is receiving new players from Trinidad and Tobago.
The country 's premier league club W Connection fC: HJK is carried out according to the loan agreement nyt In the Jones.
In the Jones is a 23-year-old middle ground player who has performed in 55 matches Connectionissa nyt W 28 paint.
Trinidad and Tobago 's national team Jones has pelan nut 35 matches.
The first Siirto story Socawarriors-jalkapallosivuston told me that Jones has been one of the 'TT' Pro -liigan, with two star players from last season.
W Connection -seuran says that Jones will travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK nut has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian prison staff to hold a national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria were demonstrating in the capital, Sofia, in front of the Ministry of Justice.
In a peaceful demonstration, they declared that they want back the old work rules, which were changed recently.
The pay rises are due to discuss the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials are already months nee are protesting symbolically aiko new working against saying that they want to go back to the old system of 24 hours of work.
The prison workers 'associations and representatives of ministries of justice, despite the meeting there was agreement, Bulgaria 's National Radio (BNR) reported.
Negotiations are ongoing, the judgements täytäntöön, head of the Directorate for implementation of Zhelyazkov Rose told BNR.
Prison workers 'organisation 's protest is also expected to join the Interior Ministry workers' trade union members.
Basket ball: The encouragement of fans almost too much: Sasu Salin pyörty had ground
Baskets Earth Sasu Salin was the embodiment of Finnish voito today.
He was able to forget the countries of their USA-ottelu of sysi and good-looking selätt Ukraine 's second half blood seisauttav are their solutions.
But Salin transferred all credit dud fans - and did it in style:
The actual mä pyörty to take the field at the end, the stimulus was so powerful.
In his eyes, but rather sumen was not nut can do anything.
It is white noise, and an audience that was almost too much for others.
The moment Salini power pit involve nine pinnaa fast pace, to the world, remained levyre and every place where things happened.
I don 't know how it happened, but I did get an flow-tilaan that everything was successful.
They will, but somewhere, sometime, and now quite incredibly important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role to me.
To do all this.
It was great to see that others had realised.
It took up the whole gang.
The Chamber is the joy of team luoja and a tablet, so it is not surprising that she brought her an entire team flight that was big and heavy-handed to Ukraine 's five too many.
Finland in the World Cup after a gap of 32 years. The last was reminiscent of a brazen judge game
Kassia driving Heikki Montonen (oik fraud.') was Finland 's chief coach, Argentina 's tournament in 1982.
It has been 32 years since Finland 's men 's world team MM-loppu played the last time in the tournament.
Seppo Sirkka was the only Finnish photographer at the 1982 championship in Argentina, where the legendary Mr Kosonen was Finland 's second coach and current player agent Jouni Parkkali as a global player.
Kosonen and received Parkkali will remember one thing about the championship than yesterday 's: It was the keynote kuuma during the game against France.
The solution &quot;, its match in the world judge game was flagrant &quot;, Kosonen, was recalled.
We had already won, and both teams had already been settled in the back line.
Suddenly, the game was resumed.
We lost it to 2-3, and then did they go crazy pasma are rather &quot;, told Parkkali.
Finland played the main managers Heikki Montose 's command and was eventually 17 nneksi.
Today, Finland is among the world 's elite, while the Polish MM-turnaus can get off here on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international airport in the world for 32 years.
Players 'strength is roughly the same as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
The average length of players have increased.
The game is faster &quot;, ponder Parkkali said.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish player material has expanded, and the burden of being able to land jaka.
I expect that it will be the policy of the future.
Then tull can already strict &quot;, Kosonen estimates.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were in the attack in victorious game against Tunisia.
The current players 'agent Jouni Parkkali was overall as a player in the tournament.
Let us hope that no petra now is 17.
South Korea and Tunisia should go bust &quot;, said Parkkali.
It was Mr Kosonen species legend Johan Cruyff in the national team as a coach in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri and Mr Leppänen Körkkö tuulett in the Tunisia match.
Sauna and evening hartaus in Buenos Aires cathedral sailors were part of the national team in the tournament in 1982.
Mr Kalin (oik fraud.') had venyttel team with their colleagues.
The young star -laulukilpailun Final - not been competing to profit Etelä-Karjala
A young Tähti -laulukilpailun have reached the final and Veera Vento Veeti Tikkanen eden nee are not the victory of the competition.
Other investments are not published in the competition.
Teija laulun instructor Immose, this competition has been popular.
It is a good experience.
There was a competition finalisti of levyttä are the songs.
A competitive start is always wonderful memories, Immonen said.
Finnish Cita-koiran tourists were rescued from a mountain in Norway: These men deserve &quot; full praise &quot;
When the Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were on Thursday in the cold mountains, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered to help.
This weekend, Mikkelsen &quot; were international heroes &quot; Facebook in order to thank its donors once again.
Mikkelsen said in a public Facebook update - that he had mountains on Thursday tassu Cita-koira satutt said.
An injured dog nyt is no longer able to walk in long-standing stark terrain.
I tried to take it down, but I failed, so I had to let it go.
I tried many times to attract and pull it slightly - rafts, but its feet not only stem nee, Mikkelsen wrote in an update.
According to aid does not give Mikkelsenin nut from the police, from a nearby hotel or from passers-by.
In the evening the situation began pimet already appears to be a threat.
Fortunately there were two Travellers who were prepared to help countries: Antti tamperelainen Soini and his father Tuomo.
The men were visited lee by Norway 's highest mountain Galdhøpiggenillä during suuntasivat and the site of the camp when they saw a woman and a dog in the midst of a mountain rinnet.
(Mikkelsen) was in a position to see a relatively calm.
We offered to help countries with her dog, Antti Soini Ilta-Sanom says to send his message.
Soon there was also coming home to a German man who had retki patja brings with it.
Mattress paar Citalle were of the sort that was paid to an injured dog.
A German man came here just after us, when we were considering nee are what to do with the dog and the dog nee now down in the arms rintee, Soini says.
Picture: Tuomo Soini
The dog was put down to imposed through patja of retki.
According to Soini 's performance has not been physically difficult, but in difficult terrain collection went slowly.
The nineteenth around half an hour later, however, was happily Cita down until now.
After the incident in a Facebook &quot; Mikkelsen was seeking international heroes &quot;, in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soini said, for him on Sunday, but a German man has apparently continued to reach out to countries.
I do not know what I would be doing nyt without these heroes, Mikkelsen is delighted.
If they do not help nee me, I would not necessarily nee are back.
I would like to find these people, because I have the impression that I am nyt thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all the praise and honour, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, Soini were already on their way home.
They were getting nee Mikkelseniltä are happy to join: - Cita reportedly can already be better!
Susanna Mälkki are presented to the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin an kapelli to usher
I Mälki kolmivuotiskausi in autumn 2016 and would end in the spring of 2019.
The proposal also includes an option for two additional seasons.
Mälkki sellisti started his career.
He is internationally known as a conductor, and received a Pro Finlandia -mitalin in 2011.
Currently, the University City Orchestra kapelli usher scheme.' operate by John Storgårds.
Beautiful and brave, beautiful and courageous -sarja square returns today after the summer recess.
The title of the opening period, insinuations raises questions.
The Finnish aiko full of popular soap series, beautiful and courageous return from the summer break today.
The return period is entitled vihjailevasti &quot; oraalis Erici luck &quot; in the company.
A programme description Ilta pulu during the reported period the following:
Eric and Donna were talking about human relations within the family, where syömäpuikko were food, drinking white wine and pulled back to their love story.
Eric information is to remain faithful to their style of jacket.
The restrictive lunch valin nut colour as he has a white who lilertää.
Ridge Katie offers support in dealing with this Brooken and Bill 's relationship traumas.
Ridge is he syt has yet to get over their problems.
The Bill is in the long-standing Brookelassa resolve their own conflicts.
Brooke does not like the fact that he is a man who is going there to try and come back.
I want Ridge &apos;, do you, Bill! &apos;
Genetic aberration is often wrongly diagnosed
A British woman who was afraid to death for years because of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought most of their youth, that he had only a few years in life left, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
Actually she suffered Charcot-Marie-Toothin disease (CMT). It means mass genetic diseases which damages suffered brain and spinal nerves from outside.
According to Charity CMT GB -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön CMT-tapauksissa an incorrect diagnosis is a common problem, because so little is known about them.
It is estimated that approximately 23 000 people in Britain suffer CMT-taudista, which causes their symptoms, such as muscle heikkout, awkward walking kippuraisuutta and the look.
The disease can also cause tunnottomuut or pain, and it is an incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms will worsen over time.
Thirteen-year-old Rodgersin when she thought he was suffering from an Friedreichin ataksia (fA), which has a very poor survival rate.
Rodgers was believed to be a wheelchair before its meeting of 18 and die before they reach 30 years iän.
Today, the mother of two children 51-vuotias says that as a child I knew &quot; that I cannot make samo points than others.
Every day, I fell over and I took any longer than others.
I never nyt education.' rullalautaile rullaluistele abroad or to other countries with children, and the boy was me at school because I walked and ran in different ways than others.
When 13-year-old Rodgersin him was carried out several akillesjäntee 's cuts to something which was born crooked legs. The operation, the doctor left the room, she was quickly glanced at the research papers, which were said about her suffering fA-taudi.
I &quot; felt guilty because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone else nut, but go home after I checked disease information for library and written fA-yhdistykse &quot;, he says.
When I received the information from them, I was shocked and panicky.
I thought I was forced into a wheelchair by the age of 18 years, and I will die before I would meet with 25, and in between I would gradually lose the whole of my performance.
I went through this with my own, and I came up with my own funeral.
Rodgers says that 17 years of age, he said that he had got his walking as much as he had luullu and asked the doctor to do this.
He just hugged me and said: 'A girl gold &quot;, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise it would have been in a wheelchair &quot;.
I think that something much less dangerous disease.
On the basis of some genetic test of CMT-tauti, he was diagnosed.
&quot; once it was explained to me, and this CMT-tauti is, I thought of my lykästänee of &quot;, he says.
CMT GB Charity -järjestää CMT-kuukauden, in order to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred emigrants from coal wagons were found in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found nee are over a hundred illegal immigrants to coal from a train, the country 's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Passengers were sala mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday Velesi of Keski-Makedonia.
It was difficult to communicate about them with the most.
They are road nee, which is what they were, and where tul are heading &quot;, said the Interior Ministry spokesman, Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, the migrants had paid nee are approximately 3 000 euros each to come to Greece, and further still to 800-900 euros in order to enter Serbia.
Illegal immigrants goes a couple of million people through Macedonia on its way to Western Europe.
Syria 's bloody civil war is already paen nut by three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai support for Scottish independence
The pop band Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined Scotland 's independence supporters.
According to the Guardian newspaper tähdittävä will be a few weeks away from the concert to be held in Edinburgh, which supports the independence project.
The Scottish referendum on independence will be held on 18 September.
Mogwai, in his newsletter, said that the vote is an opportunity for the Scots, which occurs over only once in life.
In the past, including actress muun nut Sean Connery has given his support for independence.
Instead, British stars such as Paul McCartney and David Bowie are gambling nee by Scots to remain part of Britain.
In these gallupe independence supporters have been at a loss.
Supermarkets 'difficulties continued in the middle of summer - the country Ilta-Sanoma news - the
The supermarket trade also continued to decline in July, telling Päivittäistavarakauppa ry.
According to the supermarket and hypermarket chains talo- turnover fell in July by 3.2% in the year to lower takais.
The worst has takun nut home and leisure product sales, whose turnover fell from a year ago, more than 7%.
Also, meaning products were sold much less than in the previous summer.
Everyday products whose retail value kasvoi instead in July from a year ago to nearly 3%.
Most kasvoi sales in small stores and large supermarkets.
Throughout the year, during the course of the oak grass in supermarkets and hypermarkets turnover has shrunk by more than 2%.
The sale of everyday goods, has increased by almost 1%.
Joan Riversin family &quot; &quot; is hoping for the best
As Joan Rivers has been trapping since he was brought to New York in the centre of the hospital, but his daughter was now hopeful that better 81-vuotias comedian for his illness.
The constant &quot; Thank you for your love and your support &quot;, Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother was engulfed in Sinai -sairaalaan on Thursday because of a heart pysähdykse. According to sources at the treatment site, Upper East Sidessa, Yorkville Endoscopy -klinikka, announced an emergency hospital.
Doctors are intentionally keeping him calm as drugs and following him to his condition closely until she is currently in a serious condition, he is stable.
This case is causing nut widespread reaction in public opinion and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa are together nee to support online.
"Areva-Siemens Olkiluodo of kolmos power station will be completed in 2016
Areva has put TVO nut to industry 's current RoHS restricts the Olkiluoto 3, the updated timetable.
Mrs newsletter, according to the project 's recent nee by delays are mainly due to the fact that the reactor 's automation systems has been requested for approval.
The project is already years late.
TVO nut are not touko by giving any assessment kolmos reactor is completed on time.
Nastola Bottakse gave to 1.4 hectares of coastal tonti - worth approximately EUR 60000
The municipality Nastola gave Formula driver Valtteri Bottakse to 1.4 hectares of coastal Kärkjärve of tonti Villähtee from the beach.
Local government showed a good sporting spirit and was unanimous in its decision.
Protesting nut did not belong in a meeting when it was decided on a building site so, says councillor Mr Pauli rakki roots.
The present Bottakse tonti has a farm building - a total of seven paragraphs.
A municipality to break them again this year in one country without taking away.
Bottas has authorised nut to build for the building site so within two years, leisure, housing.
We are honoured that he has to feel comfortable in his native nyt power and wants to continue to play well here.
Valtteri nyt are conducted every year in primary school to tell his sporting career and his life.
And, hopefully, it will continue to be, a local leader says.
He believes local coastal tonti 's financial value to EUR 40000-60000.
Ranta is low and child-friendly.
The region has been owned by the municipality over ten years.
Nastola has, over the decades, with varying success in sport is successful nyt gift tontt by municipalities.
The world champion keihään Aki Parviainen aerobic and a world champion Tuuli Matinsalo omakotitonti received from municipalities and built hulppea were omakotitalo by themselves.
They do not, however, remain nee in their Nastola but sold his buildings and moved away.
Parviainen tul of Matinsalo and were Nastola to work and then changed the lives changed elsewhere.
Bottas is born peräinen nastolalainen and his situation is different, because Bottakse rakki tuumaa and believes it will remain in their home province.
Hull pestas Hernandez was the aggressor in the club record sum
Hull Valioliiga Club, the club has invested a record amount of the national team of Uruguay 's Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez Hulli switch from Italian club Palermo £9.5 million, approximately 12 million euros.
The agreement is for three years.
Hernandez hit last season to score 14 when Palermo won Serie B and stood up to Italy 's main series.
In the Uruguay national team, he is a queer nyt seven to 14 matches.
In last summer 's tournament MM-loppu Hernandez came in two matches on the exchange in the field.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have got to have a short period of time, said Steve Bruce Hulli 's managers.
On Monday, Hull said he also of Senegal 's national team captain Mohammed Diamen West Hamista.
The Russian space test was a failure - will be sent to visit the sex geko died
Russia 's space becomes a reason to send a reason five little gekko are dead, says Russia 's Roscosmos Space Federation in its newsletter.
The Foton-M4 geko -satelliitin were on aboard toista, for more than six months.
Satellite palas told the country on Monday morning, Finnish time.
The purpose of the experiment was to examine gekko 's reproductive capacity and under conditions of use.
The test was part of one of the male gekko and the four plans.
Although the test sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
For example, the effects of this painottomuude gekko of egg development, very little is known.
These gekko impact across countries can be expected to impact painottomuude had people that reside in the longer aiko are in a similar situation, outlined in July, the New Statesman.
According to Roscosmoksen gekko of -syyt kuolinaika and the cause of death or explained.
According to the news agency Interfaxin &quot; to sex geko &quot; ristit travellers will wake up.
Regarding yllätyksellisyyde says also that the saman Foton-M4 's tour aboard the fruit nee have survived without Midnight Express courtesy of ailments, and were also to offspring.
The terrorist epäilly France arrested at Nice airport
France arrested a man of terror suspects at the airport of Nice on Saturday.
The man suspected of her actions in Syria with the jihadist group rekrytoijana.
The French authorities were informed about the matter on Sunday.
The authorities came to the great man since lut, this was lured by money from young girls to reason to leave Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and cross the border from Syria.
Airline nut did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit countries in Istanbul to visit his grandmother lived in Morava, but called the authorities.
The authorities ott were in contact with the girl 's father, who was totally unaware of the intentions of the daughter and told authorities that the family is not a family in Turkey.
According to authorities, the man who has come to Chechnya, but he is currently living in France.
French intelligence officials were the apparent nee men to act earlier.
In France, the authorities have been worried that Iraq or Syria sot to attract lut radicalised young people constitute a security risk but also for France.
The authorities estimate that approximately 800 French civil or books in France, which is the last nut during the conflict, travelling to Syria, where I nut, or are planning to go to Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
The basketball team hopes further seats are at stake, when Finland faces World Cup today in his second match in the Ukraine.
If the opening defeat to the United States of America had been expected, while Ukraine is among the countries that Finland should take as a follow-up to the profits.
Ukraine is in a gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, Petteri Koponen.
Ukraine beat the Games on Saturday in his first match of the Dominican Republic valla 72-62.
A team to prepare NBA-veteraani Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine is playing aggressive basketball.
Ukraine 's key player has &quot; up Mr Eugene &quot; Pooh Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is 100 metres world champion three years ago.
Against the Republic Dominikaanis Jeter threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter jätkä fast, but yes, we have seen against them before and we have to sort out our standard puolustus saad, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than in yesterday 's loss to the United States.
We need to find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as normal for a pack of wolves, then Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars, the alleged naku images spread Schoolnet - been part of ensuring genuine
The Internet is spreading a series alastonkuv, which maintains the well-known public figures.
Among muun nut actress Jennifer Lawrence has Nations.' &quot; &quot; naku image campaign on the victim.
The entertainment website TMZ has published sut Lawrence 's representatives to give the country 's angry comment, which would appear to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
Authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (Internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen images, will call on countries to prosecute, threatened by the representative.
TMZ, actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed nut that he spread the pictures are genuine.
He was taking these pictures nut years ago with her husband.
While I know that those images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine how atrocious it was seen for this purpose.
I sympathise with all those who were a victim of hacking into, he writes, according to the website.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says in his own name, these pictures were fake.
Genuine or counterfeit alastonkuv are also circulating at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grandesta, called Hope Solos, Krysten Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmerista.
Even Honka paint - criticised: &quot; are not doing enough work to get away from this &quot;
Football club Honka fC Veikkaus are currently in last place in the league.
Paint - Walter Viitala 's comments Sunday illustrate VPS-ottelu after the company 's confusion over the current situation.
I have not had four months of finishing guard coach.
But everything must adapt &quot;, Viitala 1-2-tappioon said after the battle ended.
Honka did in the match, especially in the first half with a lot of mistakes in defence.
Paint Viitala - it was bad defence from a gambling pleasure.
The players 'transport nyt Honga are in place this summer as a lively and, for that reason, the champions also face Viitala nee are changed at the same pace.
With the players also ruleti mone are young players nee can have opportunities that they do not necessarily even deserved.
Part &quot; are not doing enough work to ensure that you sometimes get away &quot;, Viitala tuhaht was appointed without any reason for individual players.
The main managers Honga Shefki Kuqi was, to some extent, I agree with Viitala.
I &quot; said after the game that some players that if there were pele treene, and to keep the fun and it seems to be the pools league player, and you do not have to work, then you are probably in the wrong team &quot;, Kuqi said.
I give nut mone young game time.
If they do not want to put it in place and to use the possibility of doing so, it is not my fault.
Kuqi also recalled, however, that players should not expect immediate success when playing kaveri are constantly changing.
During this period, there have been two times in a row to the same team.
In defence, particularly porukka nut are changing.
It is the biggest reason why we have this place &quot;, Kuqi said.
Honka is a series VPS-tappio then jumbo, playing in the penultimate of the TPS.
There are still Veikkaus League after seven rounds, so there is still time espoolais to avoid Ykköse caved.
I have never tiputta nut team, and I am not tiputta up to now.
Indeed, we should not fall into this series of countries &quot;, queer - Viitala uhos said.
In Lars von Trier 's reason for decades after the break to television
Film director Lars von Trier aiko tv-sarjo will return to the role.
The Danish director is preparing a television called The House That Jack Built.
Trier Sarja project described the film as a producer Louise Vesth nut operate today on Monday at the Venice film festival.
The production company Zentropan series, according to the press release, the description should begin in 2016.
In Trier, the College will set to work on the script, starting this autumn.
The series is in English.
The original project sala says the announcement also Trier a long-term cooperative partner, hard sales patter for the well-known producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
He said a similar series ty &quot; has never seen and will never see tull &quot;.
Please hold your breath &quot; &quot;, Aalbæk Jensen says in a statement.
Lars von Trier, 58, has been known in recent years as the hype from the media who file complaints of their deposits and their films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
For television, he guided tele during the 1990s Valtakunta series.
01.09.2014 15: 20 commercial chain Lidl appears to have won over Finland, at least if the performance figures are to be believed.
The trade group Lidl 's Finnish operations run by Lidl Finland kommandiittiyhtiö -konsernin turnover continued to grow in February, completed at the end of the accounting period.
The company also increased their output.
The result before tax amounted to EUR 79,6 million, compared with a year earlier was 56,4 million.
The turnover was amplified euros from 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25%.
Its market share increased nut, the company has also improved their business income euros from 61 million to EUR 84 million.
Business profit rate was 7.1.
The German owned Lidl accounting period lasts from March until the end of February.
The company says it paid in February from closed accounts from tax in Finland 13.7 million.
Their constant multiples nut extend nut told his company is investing in Finland this year to 100 million.
In Finland, there are now 142 Lidl -myymälää, and it employs more than 4 000 workers.
The first shop was opened in 2002.
From Ice Bucket -haasteeseen participants leuka sijoilta to
Male British, Ms Roberts was so loud when he ran kylmä went into ice water on to his face damaged the bone.
This Ice Bucket -haaste ended painfully wrong.
The woman is taking care of her ty karjuttu to Ice Bucket -haastetta while carrying out so loudly that her sijoilta leuka and he went in.
Ms Roberts was male so fast when she ran kylmä went on the ice to water that he damaged the structure of their face.
The water was so cold &quot; that only male, but with male, when I felt that my leuka began jäykisty off &quot;, he tells The Mirror -lehdelle.
The ice water is dumped on top of the 20-year-old.
Ms Roberts, a moment before the accident
I tried to shut my mouth, but I am not education.' nyt, my leuka was locked, and then I realised that there is something wrong.
Then, my mother and my sister saman noted the matter, and they were beginning to laugh, but I did pit kiidättä for emergency medical treatment.
The challenge to the super popular nut on Tuesday attended a 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital where leuka were put back in place.
A video of a stretch tul lut Internet sensaatio, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Perspective sus of ulvonta (even): The growth of the fan numbers, how can you explain it?
Fiilis today was quite amazing.
This was Sakari Pehkonen basket world stature in 1995, when Finland had pelan nut EM-loppu in the tournament against France Maroussin palloilu hall in Athens.
No Pehkonen are exaggerated.
I remember the game when it was there.
It was also about 100 Finnish who shouted 20 000 spectators to pull, otherwise empty, to manage the uproar.
I wonder what would be said Pehkonen nut 19 years later in the World Cup after the Ukraine match Finland?
In Bilbao, hundreds of Finnish fans eight troops are 50 times.
The European Championships of 1995 was the game of the Finnish etsikko era.
These men were searching their way to the win by countries including Russia, muun selection match in Helsinki in the sports department.
This victory ove opened the cream.
Everything seemed good.
It was a promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
The main managers Henrik Dettmann Möttölä went through the chalk for the club championships are at the end.
The solution, which many people had a different view.
Now it can be said that it was wise and far away Dettmann, although not all nut has not gone according to the script.
After the Athens basketball team crashed deep.
In the Athens Games. The Finns were present, reportedly a total of slightly more than 100.
This included journalists, players 'relatives, Finnish koripallo coach and a few fans.
In Bilbao, journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
This phenomenon has grown to such proportions.
No one will know the exact figure Finnish Games tourists.
The estimates are moving between nee 500-10 000 7.
Whatever the figure was that sometimes, it is quite incomprehensible.
This is sports sosiologe for an explanation.
In a globalised world economy, companies are moving across borders.
In sport, there is still an opportunity to look at how we are doing internationally.
The increase in mobility, we will have to see how our girls and our son in the business world, says sports sosiologia 's professor Hannu Itkonen.
Certainly, both in Spain and in the air of the World Cup in Poland is the Finns who elämys were looking for.
A common experience.
It still does not explain everything.
In fact, sport must become more attractive.
Itkonen brings the sport into the popular culture.
There is a lower threshold to start sports Games than to Berlin to see art.
Without success in the masses still does not move.
Just look back to 1995.
Then the managers Dettmann challenged basketball league and players to indulge his long-standing elite in a professional manner.
For almost ten years it took.
Then the tide turned and the team activity was paramount.
These air Earth saman did move a bit earlier.
Now they both enjoy the fruits of their work.
As Itkonen says, both species have managed to land their elite products, in which the holy triad operates: Sports media sponsori are.
It will also take an interest in the public.
And the media has taught nut, what kind of support it karnevalistinen, Itkonen recalls.
Whether palloilu species are transferred to a long-standing interest in this massive sarjo also killing?
During kori- and air balls for playing keskimäärin sado, or a little more than a thousand spectators.
Itkonen sees the issue as well, and not necessarily give an answer which would permit a very good species.
The second school believes interest in the move.
The second is the one who does not want fresh stomach full.
This delegation is ready elämys trip to the World Cup, but their basic philosophy in a series of domestic sti kaksise are not interested.
It is a challenge to keep people in the midst of the euphoria.
For the building site so slowly Bottakse - nearly 1.5 hectares of the lake shores
Nastola rewards Formula driver Valtteri tonti Bottakse 's beach home.
Local government has approved 1.4 hectares of the donation of a building site so unanimously, at its meeting on Monday.
For the building site so will rise in the future, leisure, housing.
There has been follow Nastola Bottakse 's success this karting era.
He is seen as an ambassador for the marketing world in Lahti, the Lahti Nastola region and more.
Gift Koiskala tontti is located in the seaside Kärkjärve.
It is the municipality tul lut Nastola 's ownership as part of a larger purchase.
There are seven landings in the shape of the building, including six from the municipality to dismantle at the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1, part of the Belgian section of the Fourth palli in its top prize this year.
He has MM-piste in the fifth.
Bottas is born nut peräinen nastolalainen and live Villähtee in their childhood.
He lives in England at the moment but it Nastola whenever formulo is free.
Bottas has visited lut upper schools and youth facilities.
Clothes are trendy designer intelligence - but hardly poor
It will present and test them in New York, which is currently in the ongoing U. S. Open -tenniskilpailussa.
Smart shirts Ralph Laureni of testers required leads me to have the ball, but also of the top university players from the amateur covers Marcus giro to be one.
According to him, the shirt will help him to follow countries in their own development and to regulate their long-standing recovery.
There is a silver nailon anture of kudottu, this information is conveyed to the shirt mokkula and then on smart phone or computer screen.
The sensors will measure hearts syket, by ingesting the rhythm, stress and steps.
A central unit mokkula twist before throwing the shirt in the washing machine.
The fashion house did not reveal the exact time nut shirt sales to start sut hint, nor its price, soles Times uutisoi.
Raph Lauren is not the only smart va something to invest in a company.
Athos kalifornialainen nut, is that sales of smart and intelligent shortsi are restrictive.
They were measuring syket, breathing and muscle work.
The clothes were paying a hundred dollars per head and the required size of thumb ma central unit will pay two hundred dollars.
Techno clothes also wrote Red or bit.
A smart way to save in textbooks
The cost of university documents mone were Amerika are exceeded in the case of USD 1 000 students, so soon after the second year of study establishing the Matt Schroeder came up with clever tavan to save costs.
He has developed a system in which subsequent annual rates were students who borrow their books against nominal compensation instead that they would sell the books - with the saman route.
My &quot; mathematics book nut would normally cost $180; I paid it for use throughout the academic year to 10 dollars and a hefty sandwich &quot; says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying in the Covenant College in the State of Georgia.
Schroeder says that in his last academic term, his book would normally pay nee from $430.
Instead, he used them to $120.
The Executive Board of the universities, the average student spends more than 1 200 dollars per year on textbooks and school supplies, but students have at their disposal a number of ways of reducing these costs.
The students were increasingly getting used to long-standing Schroederin online shops, an idea of the kind of creative approaches.
More and more students to rent textbooks, which they can use to book the entire academic period and pay were considerably less than the book was bought by students.
More than 250 campus book trade, according to the ex-rebels Neebo inc -yrityksen rent textbooks nut, has doubled since 2011.
The statistical data reveal that approximately a quarter of university bookshops books last spring was temporary documents Neebo-yrityksen chairman Trevor Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores -kauppajärjestön says that less than half of all books purchased in the campus book stores.
This is the simplest way to save real money.
The online trade
Online shops in the new book saad can only one third of the price of what it would cost kampukse in the book trade.
Ron Larsoni, Bruce Edwardsi and Robert Calculus Hostetlerin &quot; &quot; -kirjan during the 9th edition of Recommendation price is almost $290, but special documents on-line Chegg.com, the book will cost 239,99 dollars.
Buy used
The books are a good option, if the reader do not interfere with other notes and passed the appearance.
For example &quot; Calculus &quot; -kirjan gets used Chegg.com-verkkokaupasta 93,49 dollars.
Brigham Young Universityn last year 's student Matt Casaday, 25 years old, says he bought the book &quot; Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business &quot; used Amazon.com net trade only 0.42 dollars.
As a new book nut would cost $48.
The University of Massachusetts Amherst &apos; 's College Without Walls -koulun director Ingrid Bracey and other academics would recommend that students ask professors to whether previous versions used in the course.
Sometimes, the new edition of the reforms are not essential for education.
In this case, the old edition can be found only a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
Amazon Chegg- and book shops, eBay 's Half.com inc &apos;, is popular with the purchase of books.
Rental
Rental of textbooks is worth considering if you consider them good care, I can remember back to them and you do not need them, of course, be completed.
Rent in the world can save more than 80% of the cost of the new book.
For example, Calculus &quot; &quot; -kirjan rental for the entire academic year at a cost of about 20 dollars.
Agenda of the hire company 's rules, such as notes, the criticisms raised perhaps use and wear and tear on subsequent payments.
Vuokraaja, not your guard: If you forget to bring a book, late payment cannot be greater than the purchase price of the books.
Their e-kirja
Acquiring e-kirjo vehicles instead of ordinary paper tull can also be a question.
Sometimes, these books are hired, paid e-kirja, of the holder, for example, Amazon.com-, inc Chegg- or Barnes &amp; Noble -kirjakaupoille.
No Chegg-kaupasta &quot; Calculus &quot; -kirjan e-kirja during the six months by approximately $61.
According to Braceyn mone by literature students are saving the most, because a number of quote from ladat can now free of charge, while science and technology books can be very kalli.
A comparison of the various sellers, which option then chooses.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin Pepperdinen Faculty, recommends a good reason to use a price book ISBN-numero out because it will be able to ensure that proper records were sought.
Before the web site, to ensure that this book is certainly in storage, Gault says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
He bought his home delivery of the paper was on the ice for four weeks, and he was eventually forced to land purchase the book at full price, the university bookshop.
People travelling tamperelainen to fill 20 years
In 1994, been created drama against unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome to all who are willing to submit to an art.
Organise an expression of leisure activity 17-35 -vuotiaille pitkäaikaistyöttömille.
The proposals are often in a position in society.
In recent years, there has been, among other things, depression depressio Moderata aiheinen - Minäminäminä! - humorous stories about narcissism, it sovituks.
Believes that each person can change their own lives.
Fires killed nearly twice as many people compared with last year
Fires this year have died, almost double the number of people compared with last year.
Finland 's rescue sector (Spek) so far, according to the media monitoring service in the fires have already killed 55 people in 49 different pieces.
Last year, a similar fire deaths was 31.
Most of the dead, 36, have been men.
Over 65, there have been 11.
The organisation 's fire deaths, according to the statistics, the situation was worse than the last time in 2009, and then by the end of August, fires had killed 64 people.
The vast majority of fire deaths occur in the home.
It is happening in the flats nut 17 fire deaths, 21 omakotitalo during rivi- and others, as well as in small halls in seven.
SPEK is the home of the fire safety.
At least all of the home 's fire varoittim of Spekin operate, should be ensured.
In addition, all tul to check that the instruments are easily accessible but being in place.
All of the rooms of the home have also had va unimpeded exit route.
Children tul also tell us what electrical equipment they were going to use when he was alone at home.
NATO summit: The first Newporti protest in Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO summit in protest Newporti by last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered in the town centre Newporti to march against NATO.
On Sunday, some 150 people met in Cardiff to a town called a summit.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived from Belgium nut here up until now.
Young people were rescued by air from Australia 's blue mountains
Two teenagers in their patikoitsijaa was safe after night stranded in Australia 's New South Wales in the region by blue mountains.
A 16 year-old girl and an 18-year-old man went to the entire country after noon on Sunday for Govetts Let ap Blackheathiin.
Relatives were concerned about young people who were not nee I have at home, and called police iltakahdeksalta.
Local police and the helpers nut of a search party was sent to look for the reason young people, and approximately kaksikko was found at 23 near Bridal Veil -putouksia.
The girl was his knee loukan nut, and the man had fallen and smashed nyt in their heads.
Police have spent the night with the couple, and they were brought to safety on Monday morning.
An ambulance patikoija are exported through the Blue Mountains -sairaalaan, and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian military withdrew Luhanski airport
The Ukrainian Luhanski jouko have withdrawn from the airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers were given the withdrawal order.
According to the Ukraine parachute jouko are passionately nee put together with Russian tanks on the ground.
According to the army spokesman, the opposite tykki flame has been so precise that, as the likely ampuja are Russian professional soldiers.
During the last 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Azov in southeast Ukraine off artillery osum yesterday nut put Ukraine 's patrol boat sank in the morning, telling border guards.
Eight Marine soldiers have been saved and two are still missing.
The border guards had no certainty about where the ship was shot.
The separatists said they were already in a social media yesterday from his shot.
The Russian Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavr doors, there is no reason to attack Russia in Ukraine.
However, Mr Lavrov insisted that Ukrainian forces must immediately withdraw asem, from which they cannot fire on civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister in the Minsk talks today with Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE, there should be an immediate ceasefire without conditions.
Mr Lavrov also reiterated that Russia will respond to the countries about possible new economic sanctions.
Firstly, we are going to protect countries in our own interests, our economy, to the social sector, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also have to draw long-standing conclusions from our partners 'activities, Lavrov threatened.
Heavy rain prompted flooding in Malmö and Copenhagen in their countries
The streets are flooded on Sunday in Malmö and Copenhagen when they were lashed by heavy rain in southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters cut off several roads, were confused traffic and then buried cars.
Authorities estimate on Sunday that the flooding in confronting it may take, although rain was forecast to stop by Monday.
Heavy rainfall suddenly came to the long-standing Swedish authorities, nor etukäteen given rain weather warning.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute is on call vä meteorologi Ari Mustala estimates that the region 's rain Front nut was very local.
The rain zone appears to be narrow and more permanent.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialist &quot; should be quiet and help &quot; France, Francois Hollanden main advocate says
Valls urged the deeply divided &quot; left to show their feelings &quot; by struggling against the socialist president, which the composition of the new government, there have been French majority approval.
He deserves all the respect, and he deserves our loyalty, our support.
&quot;, our job is to stay on her side &quot;, Valls said and earned applause.
Contain elee, as Prime Minister, called on the government to abandon its long-standing peace in France 's controversial 35-hour working week, despite a new economic minister, Emmanuel Mac roni 's earlier this week to allow countries, discussed a proposal that the rules should be relaxed.
On Saturday I Holla de asked socialists.' operate yhteistuumin to countries with the government.
However, the justice minister, Mrs Taubira, caused by long-standing rifts appeared different opinions of Socialist MPs meeting and criticized by Arab Socialist Party that it allows &quot; France to abandon &quot; for hope about the future.
The far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen mocked the Socialists continued mutual disagreements and said that the new government is not Vallsin lasting a few months longer.
Francois Holla nyt cocky de has perhaps left fluttering the, but so too, Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new government, after the former did not even nyt run over the summer.
&quot; and the new government will not last until the autumn or winter &quot;, Le Pen said to journalists.
He reiterated his party 's proposal for the dissolution of parliament and his party pit had a secure electoral victory in the early elections, and he personally would be willing to lead the country to a party.
France 's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March municipal elections and the extreme right pit was in possession of a list of warheads touko during the European elections.
Appearing on Sunday in the Journal du Dimanche -lehden that, according to the poll, 76% of the French believe that the Socialist Party may well split several competing groups before the end of the period Hollanden in 2017.
Po University political scientist Pascal Perrineau warned that soon ranskalaise were losing patience, unless the new socialist government of failing to improve the economy of a country and a record of highest unemployment.
The small &quot; has a chance of success, but the public should note quickly that change is happening &quot;, he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could get worse.
Pokka deceived morning Finland 's Kirsi juontaj of alm-Siira, Nina Rahkola of meteorologi and Pekka pokka of Pouda failed badly in the programme nauhoitetu in proportion.
Morning Finland -ohjelma issued last Thursday on its Facebook page a video on Thursday of an nauhoituks.
The video by Kirsi juontaja alm-Siira and Nina Rahkola were both meteorologi Pekka Pouta trying to record the Finnish advertising puffi tomorrow for the next day 's broadcast, but the recording is not just a pipeline.
Alm-Siira sekoile part-sessions.' said, when he tries to pronounce the word budgetary ritual, and he also followed their Rahkola of Pouda, its long-standing pokka to lose time after time.
These are the heroes and should be allowed to withdraw their long-standing suoraa broadcasting again tomorrow, tomorrow for Finland 's Facebook update - says.
The video is very popular tul lut on Facebook, and it is both tykät ty and shared on Facebook more than 10,000 times.
The Office works Lehtikuva Jorma K. lyt Pouta, 68, took the third in a series of these potrett in 1972.
There is a picture of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
In the Helsinki Fredriki cocky street construction chiefs 'in the house, there was a meeting of the Socialist International touko in 1971.
There was a meeting of Heads of State and of safety measures was huge.
When Golda Meir went to the toilet, seven security guards went there.
At the beginning of the meeting, but we got a good five minutes to describe.
I took this picture of four to five metres away.
The light and the background were in place.
As soon as I realised that this time was successful.
It sees Meirin on the face, the leaders of the Middle East have been difficult in the past.
In the competition, performed at known persons or events from pictures.
It is wonderful that today can be successful in other pictures too, provided that it is an idea and visual bargaining.
This is the second best picture, which I take nut.
The best is the image of Lasse Viréni during the Munich Olympic Games.
I send nyt competition.
Väitös: Virgin investigation nut had already paid more than five million euros
The Helsinki police drug unit 's investigation into the legality of the operation has already cost nut over five million euros and demand nut 50 person years of work.
It assesses the Jyri Rajamäki Jyväskylä by university for a PhD in information technology.
Rajamäki suggests that the operation of the police to control the legality and to crime prevention ylipäätä can be improved considerably by combining the long-standing legal treatment of investigations and information systems.
Mr Rajamäki, modern technology allows forensic material monikäytö.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which a crime to collect information is automatically qualify as a chain of evidence for electronic evidence material and, at the same time, to enable the comprehensive legal control.
On Saturday väitös are checked.
Yle: The 1999 interpretation of vegetarian meals, was forgotten for a school wall: Vegetarian &quot; dieetti are fish and chicken food &quot;
The infamously pirkkalalaise of Naistenmatka, on a school wall was of particular note was caused by food scares in the social media, Yle said on its web page.
Vegetable ruokailija!
In a school lunch vegetable dieetti are fish and chicken food.
Only when the list is meat, we prepare the vegetarian option!
This is stated in the school wall have been forgotten, 15 years old, in a statement.
The picture will have to watch here.
Social media nut levin nyt picture is getting people to send their long-standing Pirkkala 's municipality närkästynyt feedback.
The head of the food and sanitary services 'Principe Arja Vaarma says that the wall label upon nut forgotten is incorrect and it would need to eliminate nyt long ago.
Apparently, before I make my income has sometimes been an idea that has been discussed in due course with health care.
Every pupil gets its hopes of a meal, he says to the general.
This day Pirkkala 's school pupils will be offered the option of vegetarian food only with the permission of the parents and the doctor or nurse, by a certificate from a vegetarian diet.
The solution to justify 'Principe Vaarma told it that young people may experiment with vegetarian food was left to a nutrition deficiency and a lack of meat or chicken can be quite amazing from the pupils 'parents.
: Norwegian Cruise, close to $3 billion worth of Prestige Cruise -sopimusta
: Norwegian Cruise Line NCHL.O Holdings Ltd, the world 's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy its rival Prestige Cruises International inc -yhtiön by three billion dollars. The data originate with the issue related to the person.
With the trade: Norwegian Cruise -yhtiö, whose market value is 6.8 billion dollars, would be given access to the Prestige Cruises -yhtiön luxury risteilijä and wealthy customers in competition with its bigger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) -yhtiöitä against.
According to sources, information about a possible agreement may be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations do not produce results.
The Prestige Cruises -yhtiön owner, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20%: Norwegian Cruise -yhtiöstä.
The sources nee did not want their names made public, because the negotiations will not be conducted in public.
: Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises -yhtiöiden representatives say nee requests for comments and the representative refused to comment on his intention for the country.
Miami, by acting on: Norwegian Cruise -yhtiöllä has 13 cruise ships whose route map covers North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover kasvoi by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
The Prestige Cruises, which operates also from Miami, sails Oceania- and Regent-brändinimillä, which include a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was USD 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars 'worth of cruise industry is expected to benefit from the upcoming ina years as emerging economies such as China and India 's rising middle classes.
Companies are competing in order to get these new customers "options to them in choosing a cruise.
The Prestige Cruises recorded a stock market in the United States, the first issuance of shares in January 2014.
Apollo has nut owns most of the company 's shares after the 2007 trade, which was worth $850 million.
: Norwegian Cruise was established in its current configuration in the year 2000, its reunification -risteily-yhtiön Genting Bhd (GENT.KL). The latter is the billionaires malesialaise Lim Kok Thayn entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested a billion dollars: Norwegian Cruise -yhtiöön in 2008.
: Norwegian Cruise had to be listed as a public company in January 2013.
Published data indicate that the proportion of ambient Ge tingi company was 28%, 20% of his intention and private capital investment company TPG Capital LP, the proportion of 8% from the end of June - backwards.
Carnival-, Royal Caribbean Cruise -yhtiöiden: Norwegian Cruises- and the aggregate share of North American cruise capacity is 82%, shows the Prestige Cruise -yhtiön shares in connection with the issuance of land registration document publishing.
The Tampere municipal government is dealing with this issue today.
Animalia from the municipal government hopes that the initiative will be solid support.
The Executive Director of the Animalia, Tampere University for a thesis on the excise leva Salla Tuomivaara of delfinaario, whose time in Finland and around the world should come to an end as soon as possible.
In recent years the spread around the world has fortunately nyt 's view that dolphins such advanced mammals delfinaario value-added generated eläinsuojelullisesti are not ethically sustainable.
This approach would also be allowed to Tampere.
Not only is the abolition delfinaario animal rights issue, including the question of the Tampere 's image as a tourist destination, then Tuomivaara points out.
According to an Tuomivaara Näsi delfiini 's death to strengthen calls for dismantling delfinaario activities.
Näsi 's death is a sad delfinaario of Särkännieme continued the grim history.
It is time to put an end to these deaths, to close the prison, as well as dolphins, to begin to explain the reason for how the Tampere Dolphins could be transferred to a limited maritime zone, a kind of dolphin safe shelters, calling Tuomivaara.
Näsi nyt koke did not get a return of their original habitat, but hopefully the remaining Särkännieme options.' Dolphins koke was able to add more life than the concrete reservoir virikkeettömä of Tuomivaara hopes.
Animal protection association Animalia 's objective is that all species of wild animals used in circuses to be banned in a pending animal protection law in total reform.
This category also includes delfinaario are.
The requirement to support Animalia toiminnan, chairman of 1.9. Tuomivaara is today taking part in the protest on behalf of whales.
At the Japanese embassy in Helsinki, the statement takes position in Japan due to open against the Dolphins 'hunting season.
During the hunting season, imprisoned or brutally killed each year around 2300 dolphins, either delfinaario use or food.
Putin calls on Kiev to open land uut government negotiations with the eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Sunday that Ukraine 's government to stop the fight against separatists in the east of the country, and to immediately start negotiations with the region of outgoing &quot; valtiomaisuudesta &quot;, Russian news sources are telling.
His representative Dmitry Peskov, clarified later that Putin will mean nut that separatist forces control the country from the eastern Ukrainian region tul part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should think again so that we can give to the Russian-speaking population of the region 's power to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin 's government in Kiev to give mä insistence on negotiations with the rebels, Russian equal ina negotiating partners will respond to her obvious strategy, which he follows nut since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the country to separatists to power with countries of the region and thus forcing countries to grant the Government of Ukraine, in practice, to long-standing Novorossijalle to newly proclaimed independence, enabling it to turn to Russia instead of the West.
The State Kanava -tv-kanavan 1 interview Putin condemned the Ukrainian army 's efforts to take back the separatist ma full control of the Eastern Luhanski of Donetski and the region that the separatists stormed huhti in March and Moscow annexed Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula itself on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently baptises &quot; of nee region Novorossijaksi &quot;, for a new Russian &quot; &quot; - this term to remind the Russian major valla revolutions of the previous glory days.
The Russian news agency Itar-Tassi, Putin said that the planned peace talks are an illusion &quot; &quot; as long as Ukrainian politicians 'campaigns were carried out on 26 October to the parliamentary elections and the government' s jouko are attacking the separatists in the regions controlled by civilians.
We have commenced &quot; va immediately after extensive negotiations, not just technical seiko, but also the organisation of society and the State of south-eastern Ukraine status; it takes huomioon people living there &quot; interests, he says.
According to Mr Putin 's reference Peskovin &quot; valtiomaisuudesta &quot; are associated with greater independence, which has been discussed for months kaus with Kiev 's leadership as it tries to dispel the Russian-speaking regions 'fears that their cultural and linguistic rights would be endangered ina.
Only the government of Ukraine can be granted to the eastern regions of a country 's independence, Peskov says.
This matter is not void to hold talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov says, then &quot; because it is not the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine 's internal conflict &quot;.
Heckling by a representative of the Kremlin, whose aim was to put Mr Putin 's comments &quot; an erroneous interpretation &quot;, pointed out that the Russian administration will deal with the eastern regions 'separatist rebellion in a different way than in the Crimea, where it was virtually occupied a territory whose 2 million population is ethnic Russian majority.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even Luhanski Donetski or the region in eastern Ukraine, because most of the territory of 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian and because of prior to the conflict, according to opinion polls, the majority of the population was in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats already lee are discussed in international forums, would allow Ukraine to local governments the right to set their own trade deals and foreign relations, which would give the Kremlin virtually power in a region that links Russia with Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in Russia 's fleet, as well as a commercial shipping port and historic coastal sites.
The Russian Rostovin between Crimea and the region also has mines, factories and metal sulattamo growers who produce the Russian army vital products.
Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko has suggested in his inaugural address on 7 June that Ukraine 's legislators - the new after the elections - are considering constitutional amendments in order to increase Ukraine 's nuclear zone on different regions to decide their own economy kiel and the role.
His vision for independence, however, there appears to be a sharp difference between the Kremlin and Moscow 's armed and stirring up the separatist view.
Putin made his latest call for the government in Kiev for talks with the Russian rebels ina equal partners since the rebels went further last week by Russian tanks and troops to eastern Ukraine invasion of a previously peaceful region Azovi off the coast of the sea.
Ukraine 's security authorities were afraid that Russia sponsored separatists Novoazovskin to take possession of the city is the beginning of a larger effort, the purpose of which is to take over the strategically important coastal area up to Crimea.
It has led to massive nut civilians and military personnel in the country to reinforce Mariupoli city of half a million inhabitants of the Mariupol steel known as productive as a port city, which is located on the Crimea Peninsula Novoazovskin and a leading niche between the land.
On Saturday, Poroshenko was speaking in Brussels as European Union leaders ano, with additional measures to prevent attacks from Russia in Ukraine, the former Soviet Republic valla, which has been independent for 23 years.
Soon we will reach the point where &quot;, which does not return &quot;, Poroshenko warned.
Ukraine 's territory is now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit is making nyt suoraa operational decisions; leaders put forward the establishment of additional sanctions, so that they can be introduced if the Ukraine crisis to flare up in unexplained circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers had withdrawn their asem Ilovaiskin region by two Russian tanks and 1, 000 soldiers Donetski after last week in the region in order to strengthen the struggling separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine 's National Security and Defence Council spokesman, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
According to Lysenkon, the first from the Russian Ilovaiskissa isolated countries, Ukraine 63 soldiers were exchanged for 10 Russian parachute hyppääjä, who was imprisoned on Ukraine 's territory a week ago.
The opening leg of the paint was already japanilais taituri Keisuke Honda in the game in the seventh minute.
In the second half and hit a little later force.' Sulley Muntari penalty from Jeremy Menez.
Lazio also received kavennus paint after the end of the game through reading rankkari, but paint - Diego Lopez, Antonio Candrevan blocked shots.
Lopez was transferred to leg this season for Real Madrid.
The leg of the former ikoni attackers Inzaghin training debyyti San Siro 's stadium was only half-full.
The match attendance was reported to be 39 000 spectators.
Australian julkkikse and Gabi Grecko alastonkuva scandal pyörtee options.'
Geoffrey Edelsten has told its nut pöyristy nyt hackers may have stolen her A-lista of kihlattu and Hollywood stars Gabi Greckon of alastonkuv.
In the entertainment world sut are fully booked but, after a series of Jennifer Lawrence alastonkuv to be published on the Internet, the vast julkkis hakkerointi model as a result of the scandal.
The hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuva hunger games tähti Lawrence and other super stars, such as top model Kate Uptonista and Cara Delevingnestä, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grandesta and Lea Dunstista Effects and actress Kirsten.
The Australian actors Teresa Pal oceans, Emily Browningin, Yvonne Strahovskin and in Melbourne, live pictures Greckon Paiva iCloud-vuodon has apparently been stolen.
The list has the names of the 101 julkkikse.
Last month Greckoa kosi nut Edelsten Confidential-lehdelle said, "This is a sickening &quot; &quot;.
All personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and spread.
The current Greckon New York reported on the case of commented online newspaper &quot; shameful &quot; and said that victims &quot; victims feel ashamed &quot;.
The hacker is believed to be under 30 Palmerista illustrates this previous boyfriend Scott Speedmanin, including two sample Palmerista dance on the edge of the basin.
The oceans Pal film earnings include, among other things, the film &quot; Love and cocky Ho or &quot; opponent näyttelijä Liam Hemsworthin.
Palmer, Strahovski Chuck series star and Sucker Punch -näyttelijä Browning nee did not comment on the pictures hakkeroitu yesterday.
The representative of the Lawrence TMZ-lehdelle said that it is an outrageous &quot; &quot; violation of privacy.
Actress for Seth Rogen got angry with a hacker twiitissään: Mobile &quot; of stolen images for publication does not differ in any way from the sale of stolen product &quot;.
Stolen images for publication is not tul would make it possible, from a legal perspective alone.
Finland played almost like at home and rose impressively victory for Cuba in the World Cup.
See the pictures of the present craze for fans.
Katowice, Poland, on Monday was white: Not the Polish red and white but the Finnish blue and white.
Finland 's victory followed Spodek-areenalla STT 's almost 2000 Finnish supporters.
It seemed as if it were pelan nut at home.
With such a big impact on the fans, we had the game, Finland 's STT Captain Antti Siltala said.
Finland was game in defeat, there is already lots of 0-2, but rose to victory within 3-2.
In the fourth instalment of Finland made a rise of six points.
Cuba has already led some to 16-10, but then the Finns received hurmokse.
A couple of hundred Finnish fans, however, was subjected to a long-standing petty, in an arena, no education.' charter machine of Katowice nyt to land because of heavy fog.
So the way to Warsaw nee fans missed a match.
The Finnish nee palloilu fans have invaded Europe hard pace over the last few days.
Spain 's Bilbao basketball World Cup in Finland to fans is the presence of over 8,000.
Just as every one of Finland 's basket, would have been the winning basket, the USA 's star player Stephen curry praised Finnish koris to fans after Saturday 's match.
A meeting of the council will not be sent as a direct result of the technical problems
The city council meeting Kouvola was not in a position today to look through the Schoolnet, broadcast live.
According to the city 's newsletter shipment is not possible because of technical problems.
The city Kouvola regrets this situation.
The subsequent tallentee can look in one or two days of the meeting.
The city council Kouvola meetings nut can watch it via the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time, the decision-making process can result in direct 13.10.2014.
The council meeting videos were found on the address http: / / www.kouvola.fi / index _ / aikuisvaestolle / delivering paatokse Kouvola valtuustoverkossa.html / and from the city 's YouTube channel.
