The urban city is linked to the city of Kuopio at the beginning of 2017.
The council city council approved the trade unanimously on Monday.
The Virrankoski city council adopted the last week.
The Chechnya of the unions was also involved in Chechnya, but its council decided that the Chechnya would continue to be independent.
Kuopio and Juan the decided to decide on the implementation of the next parliamentary elections.
The next elections will be held in 2016.
After the Virrankoski accession, the Kuopio population is around 111 000.
Prime Ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister, Nara Nara, meets its Japanese colleague Japanese Abe in Tokyo, to discuss economic and security relations, with its first significant foreign visit after the election victory in May.
The purpose of the visit visit to Japan is to strengthen economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
The top priority of the debate is the plans for extended nuclear cooperation.
India has also been said to be interested in the defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine shot civilians
The Russian President Vladimir Putin accused Kiev on Monday to the conclusion that they are refusing direct political discussions with the separatist separatists in Eastern Ukraine.
The current leadership in Kiev does not want to carry out an essential political debate with the eastern part of its country, Mr Putin, who said the news agency I.
He also said that the reformers separatists, which Kiev and the West are helping to assist the Russian army, tried to push the Ukrainian troops further away from their current places in which Mr Putin said that the troops of the Ukrainian army are shooting civilians.
The objective of fighters is to work out these armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get the chance to shoot the people in the region, Mr Putin.
It was organised on Friday and Saturday in the Rye garage.
It maintained that the lot came from the very beginning.
In two days, there was a expected, proactive Tom Tom.
A third of the Festival Festival was held in the third time.
Next year.
We are going to continue to be the Margarita of hop, that is to say, the longest.
In Finland, there will be a law in Finland on Tuesday, which restricts the acquisition of suitable substances in the manufacture of explosives.
In future, private individuals will have to apply to the government in order to buy or maintain substances or mixtures which could be used as a starting point for explosives.
These substances are hydrogen peroxide, of, nitrogen acid, potassium perchlorate, sodium perchlorate and sodium sodium, as well as the mixtures, if the quantitative content values are exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide is, for example, in cleaning and detergents, but concentrations usually do not exceed the limit values.
methane is used in acceleration, for example.
Before the entry into force of the law, however, they must be held and used on 2 March 2016.
George Webster is accused of rape Quorn and Pitt hotel
In two hotels, the trial is awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the charges at a sitting of the Glasgow Court of Glasgow.
He is accused of rape, which happened in the province of Lincolnshire in Lincolnshire Scotland, on 7 June 2013.
Webster are being accused of attacking a woman when it comes to the realise, when he is sleeping, and when it is unable to take the decision itself.
In addition, the Webster is being accused of being accused of a second rape in the Golf Golf hotel in Quorn Quorn in the hotel in 4 May 2014.
In accordance with the decision of the Bobsleigh, the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh in a Supreme Court of Justice.
League: Super Em created - Mario Mario - the League message
Only money, money money, showed once again why he is being regarded as the future of English football.
On Sunday, the White Hart Lansana had an electronic climate when the strengthened strengthened in Bali arrived in a's guest.
The first appearance of Mario the was promising: the English journalists saw the 24 Italian on the ground with a completely different attitude than in Manchester City.
The Antonelli is still a long way off.
Italy wasted three high quality paints and bait only half of its own team.
The Pool in favour of the Pool are waiting for better.
Brendan Rodgers Rod sit Luis to Luis Luis Luis in Barcelona as the second aggressor of the team, alongside Daniel Partridge.
On the subject of the leftovers leftovers, the Bali diamonds diamonds money money Steria, which is the very important opening target of Hugo profit by Hugo L.
,, 19, are not excellent.
In Bali, the protocols 20 cents is a shorter English to be between than in the fish.
Specific is not a general player who would like to thank the Onur, at best, for the speed of around 34 km.
Mr Rod also deserves a great deal of thanks for the development of the Steria.
After a match in Northern Ireland, it has been said by the match that Liverpool has been systematically developed from the roots roots in the north-west London to a more comprehensive swift player.
Suddenly nobody Suddenly in the Orchestra Orchestra in Helsinki - 'I am happy and proud'.
The city of Helsinki has decided to appoint a Orchestra of the Helsinki City Orchestra for the next conductor of the autumn of 2016.
The press, including the press Times, have been talking about what orchestra he is going to take next.
What nobody, in its new role, says that it will be happy and proud to do so.
The city of Helsinki has played a key role in the music of our country for more than a century, including the position by introducing a large number of Sibel music.
The Orchestral has led to the best Finnish conductor and I have worked in the past with many of the orchestra.
I look forward to our future cooperation ', he says.
winner by the winner organisations on the issue of pension negotiations - news - Karelia
Today, there is a new impetus for the negotiations on the negotiations on the organisation of the labour market organisations.
In the morning, the SA of the winner organisations, Akalla and S, are dealing with the negotiating situation.
Since then, the actual pension negotiations are to be continued.
The labour market organisations have been,, among other things, with the dispute about the inclusion of the retirement age in life expectancy.
The organisations have promised a working solution by the autumn, but the latest assessment would be that it would be in the course of this week.
Pihtipudas.
Rovaniemi animal peninsula stumbling stumbling stumbling and ReVamp tourists exercise in exercise exercise in the Final Sunday.
ReVamp had to be a victory for five stretched matches.
The last tranche was lost between 15 and 11.
The neighbour was a step ahead of the whole time.
It was a good fight, but, in the defence game and the passport at stake, it was a little better, it was the I I, the I I, who saw the I of the I I.
The six as, the tonsil American Mr, was the tonsil of Mr Kevin.
A number of Sarah was played by Sarah.
villages villages, in spite of their disability, was able to be able to play a role, and, as a Johan, the I was the maximum combination of women.
Baturina Mr was allowed to make room for Mr Jan d for the last 1.5.
The best part of the Formula was a skilfully Russian Pass and a Hämäläinen Hämäläinen, which was circulated as much as possible.
The League League is going to continue in the end of next week, when by SMEs will become an exercise in Rovaniemi.
On Saturday, the team will be faced with a 'slabs' in the official exercise at 6.30 p.m.
On Sunday, the sports institute will be on the second.
together figures in Finland
The turnover of the company shops in Finland increased by nearly 25% to almost EUR 1.2 billion in the accounts for the end of the year at the end of February.
The company published its results on Monday.
The Lidl in Finland now have a total of 142 shops, and enlargement is going to continue.
The Lidl also told us that, from the last account, it was paid by almost EUR 14 million from the last accounts.
Finland is part of the German Lidl group.
The company has more than 4 200 workers in Finland.
A series series of cancer in the sparsely populated areas of the sparsely populated regions, because of the delayed diagnosis and the difficult treatment of treatment.
As the In in In and his brother, James, have published video honour to their mother, who was killed by a series series of cancer in 2007.
In Australia, women living in rural areas have a greater risk of dying of egg cancer than in the cities.
Scientists went through more than 100 Australian Australian in 2005, and said that only 35% of women, that is, more than five years after the diagnosis.
Susan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan, the Medical Research Institute, confirms that the women who live in sparsely populated and distant regions have died of 20% more likely in the research period than women living in urban areas.
JRC JRC I JRC I: new medicinal products may slow down the lung and egg cancer
Scientists have gone through the seven years of women's health.
According to Mrs Jordan, a woman's age diagnosis, the type of egg cancer, previous diseases and socio-economic status affected the possibility of survival.
In the case of older women and cancer, the fact that there was a more widespread diagnosis of the possibility of survival was small.
The women living in sparsely populated and distant regions killed 20% more likely in the course of research than women living in urban areas.
The study did not try to explain why women living outside the cities have a smaller chance to cope with a egg cancer, but the Jordan considers that it is possible to have a delayed diagnosis and to make it difficult to access treatment.
Gynt doctors doctors are best placed to deal with this disease, and their reception is mostly located in large cities', Jordan says.
Although treatment is becoming increasingly widespread and the importance of distance, the scientists propose to increase the mobility of doctors, so that special doctors can be able to treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programmes which support patients at home.
According to the study carried out by Mrs Jordan, the survival percentage of women in cancer is poor, regardless of the geographical location, which underlines the need for better treatment and better cancer prevention programmes.
A study by Rio Chechnya, funded by the very organisation, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, the 33 mother mother mother, a mother series, was said to have a serious egg series.
The city of Rovaniemi wants to strengthen the role of the friends friends of at, which is a hotel next to the North Metsähovi.
On Monday, the government decided that the proposal for a friends park and its closest environmental status would be set out in a partly point.
The proposal is being asked for the opinions of the Environment Board and the Lonely Centre.
With the formula change, the city wants to make it possible for the tourism engine to continue to operate in the region.
The area is to be a park area, which includes the area of the existing friends, and the region between it and the river.
According to the proposal, on 15 November and 30 April, there will be no more than 200 motorways.
The region should also be able to invest in the filling.
The new park will also allow maintenance of the supply of maintenance.
The city of Rovaniemi has rent the friends of the friends of the friends companies in the winter during the winter.
The temporary agreement has been updated in the spring of 2014 and the agreement will be in force in the spring of 2018.
The behaviour of the car and the change in the formula has raised opposition.
The inhabitants of neighbouring blocks of flats have been a upset, as well as concerned, about emissions.
However, emissions from the region have been investigated, and the reports have not come up with more than a number of findings.
equipment equipment is also the old low-emission.
As a region of car, it will be supported by the fact that, if the place of origin is postponed, the customers of their hotel will be transported to Afars buses, which would be estimated at 15 days.
The region of friendship and the local environment, according to the city, is also sufficiently broad, better than the places that have been put in place, such as the Ounasjoki boat neighbour.
The Park park is good for its location, because it will be able to enlarge in the future, for example, to the pavilion region.
Suddenly action is part of the urban strategy adopted by the council city council, which, among other things, is aimed at creating a good framework for business, with sufficient quality areas in logistical and operational terms.
friends Park is labelled as the origin of at, which has not yet received legal force.
fall in the garden
The reduction in the number of owners, particularly in the group under the age of 35, may lead to a reduction in the turnover of market shops by tens of millions, when today's young consumers will be able to reach the main target group in the the.
According to the Financial Times, the rent for gardening is only 55% of the money used by the owners.
It was also reflected in the study that more and more people live in a very city where there are no timber, and the gardening are becoming more and more car, and this is also a threat to the horticulture, which is estimated at around GBP 5 billion a year.
In the large region of London, the ownership of housing has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and in the domestic economy the least money is used in the country as a whole.
However, according to the R and the British garden, the increase in housing or the gardening reduction does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
advice Bari, the leading garden of garden, says that, for example, the crops that have been increase in education are particularly popular, because such education, if necessary, will be able to change.
According to the TA report, the years of 1997, 2005, were the flourishing of the market in the garden, because the use of housing and wealth was increased from the end of the 80 century to the 90.
In the report, it is also predicted that trade will be increased this year through better weather conditions, after having been worse than the weather in March and April last year.
Turkey, which is part of the American diplomatic espionage report,
The Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs has invited the country's most experienced US diplomats to give a report on espionage by the Americans and the British in Turkey.
The Deputy Prime Minister, Mr Bula, the d of the US Embassy, and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German National Security Agency (Der) and journalists The have written that the National Security Agency, Edward Snowmass, the former analysts in the former analysts, reveal the main espionage target of the United States and British intelligence services.
According to the Turkish press agencies, the Turkish President, Mr Erdogan, little the importance of the report, saying that all the major countries have spied on each other.
The previous report on the spy on Ankara by the German main intelligence services has been a more hatred reaction to the Turkish Government.
Cannes winner in the new Finnish film
In many success, the Canadian actress, José Croce, has been given the role of women in the new Finnish film.
, will have a director Mikko Copper in its film for 2 nights in the film, which will begin this week in Lithuania.
, won the role of the best women in the Cannes women in the film in 2003.
He has taken place, among other things, by Mr Stevens in a film in Munich, as well as the Diving glass of glass Mr in film.
In the morning, the man in the the, the man in the the, is in a Mikko.
The film will be held by Finland in September 2015.
accused police police officer, accused of corruption
The evidence has been expressed by the evidence of the blackmail carried out by the officials of the police and à government in the General Prosecutor 's office on Friday.
The head of à police, à police, has been arrested as a result of the corruption accusations made by the well-known movement of the Magnus movement and bar owners.
In the case of superintendent José Antonio Navarro was set in prison after a number of Punta, the owners of the street street street against him, in Punta Ball, the majority of Magnus bars and nightclub.
According to the Majorca of the network, the Dialogue has made evidence of the blackmail by the officials of the police and à government in the Office of the Public Prosecutor's Office for corruption corruption.
The Spanish Civil Guard arrested two other local police officers in the case of corruption, and they are judge, together with Navarro.
The whole country, a day, wrote the biased nature of the anger authorities of nightclub owners, which made a significant contribution to their business.
the is no longer the money, but 'clear', 'one owner of the movement said to the Court of Justice'.
You are not destroying our business.
We have nothing to lose.
Magnus was in the headlines in a number of countries this summer, when the online video was spread, in which a 18 of British holiday and activities took place with 24 men in Gawlowski.
Since then, the authorities have been trying to curb the the and uncontrolled use of the Magnus holiday, by reducing the number of participants in the notorious pubs pubs.
Furthermore, the Play nightclub, where the video was described, was set to be closed for a year, and the, of the, Garage, the, organisers, had to be paid to the tune of EUR 55 000.
Above all, in the case of young British tourists, the recommendation has also become a 'trend, which has caused a number of accidents caused by alcohol, when people have jump from a gallery or gallery pond in a hotel.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip were returning to school on Monday under the summer bomb, when the rockets and mortars were bombed by the rockets and Hamas, and schools remained closed in the recovery of the region.
The opening of schools caused joy and tension in the southern Israeli communities, but the battles are still visible.
In the city of Ashdod in the south of the city of Ashdod, region day in the home, workers were removed from the fragmented walls and slide before the arrival of children in crèches.
The " is a little afraid, but we also enthusiastic about ', says Ronan, who live in kibbutz, Israeli Commune, and work in a English teacher in school.
Many children who live in this area urgently need a routines.
In the view of World World World World World World, I think that the return of a long time to school seems somewhat strange.
" have had a difficult time when we did not go home, and he says.
President Resources vl was a visit to the kibbutz kibbutz in the Gaza Strip.
Before the beginning of last week, thousands of the inhabitants of the Al-Saadi area had remained in the internal premises or left their homes further away from Gaza to escape from rocket and grenade.
Many of the inhabitants of Oz Oz, who are close to the Gaza Front, are sceptical about the return of the 4 son of a 4 boy in the Community.
According to the Ministry of Education, a fair family has not yet been returned.
Children from these families have been invested in alternative schools so far.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, close to the city of Gaza, which was the target of heavy Palestinian fire.
He encouraged children to study hard and promised that the education and safety of children will be ensured '.
Israel and Hamas agreed on the existing ceasefire last Tuesday.
The ceasefire interrupted the ceasefire immediately, but it did not bring a solution to a number of key issues, such as Hamas's call for the lifting of the blockade of Israel and Egypt and the reopening of the Gaza air and sea.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas and restore the body of the crying Israeli soldier.
Egypt is expected to be the beginning of a new round of informal negotiations later this month.
According to the Palestinian and UN estimates, more than 2 100 Palestinian people died in war, three quarters of which were civilians and at least 49 children.
Israel has had a different view of the number of deaths, according to the fact that at least half of the dead were soldiers, even if there has been no firm evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, including a Thai worker.
In the fighting, Hamas and other soldiers in Gaza were shot by 4 59 rockets and grenade in Israeli cities, mainly in the south.
The Israeli army, on behalf of the Israeli army, carried out more than 5 000 air strikes and other attack.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250 000 people fled to more than 100 UN schools, which had been changed to temporary protection.
In the case of tens of thousands of people, and for the continuation of the fighting, the school authorities moved the school early week.
hope, and the school, just like other children in the world and just like the Jewish children, said that there was a 13 Mohammad Mohammad in the city of Gaza.
According to the general indicator, the prices for housing have risen most to seven years in the Australian winter months.
The index of housing Hedy, the the of the capital of Australia, rose by 1.1% in August, from the Rupeeland information on Monday.
As a result, the increase in the prices for July, July and August was a total of 4.2%, more than in the months after 2007.
The annual increase in prices was 1%, which is more than two times more than in the 12 months prior to the year 2013, but prices have not risen steadily across the country.
According to the leader research Law, Tim Law, Sydney and Melbourne are at the top of the price increase.
The results of the Data Data show that housing prices in Sydney rose by 116.1% and Melbourne% in the last year.
The housing market in Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin is now more lively; the average price increase is between 5% and 6%.
The weakest housing market is in a Canberra, where prices rose only 1.4% a year as a result of the government's expenditure cuts.
According to the law, the spring started in Australia will increase the number of housing for sale in the coming months, which is a real test of the housing market.
When will take account of the increase in the sale of auctions, in general terms, and the continuing low interest rate, it is likely that the increase in housing prices will continue in the next three months, and that is what the law says.
The new Gösta Museum has withdrawn the public Mänttä
The new museum and image have been withdrawn by the public this summer.
In the end of August, the art Museum of art has more than 70 000 foreign ministers.
The new Gösta was opened in June and there has been, among other things, the works works of pop arts Andy and Roy War.
In the light of the weeks, the weeks of the art said that, on Monday, there was a record on the record, when there was 14 500 interest at the moment in the event of this summer.
These figures are not used.
The spirit has been have by the doors and the windows', the leader of the leader, Mr Paul, is a Serie Museum of Serie.
It is estimated that the whole of the year, the whole of the year, will be on in the Lucius museum this year.
In the past, there have been some 40 000 people who have been in the past.
The Mänttä Vilppula, in the middle of the village in Tampere, is about 11 000 inhabitants.
Mr Sif is to remind us that the new museums are always opening up.
'The challenge is to make the phenomenon permanent', he says.
In Reciprocating, we hope that the term of art will continue for a long time to go beyond the summer.
In the autumn, new exhibitions will be opened.
The police will be investigated by the police in the last four days.
On Sunday night, on the streets of the Nordic country, the business of the movement has been broken by breaking the window.
According to the cash, the perpetrators had received a small amount of money.
On Thursday and Monday, a stolen tanks was stolen from car tanks.
On Sunday and Monday, we had a boat boat between Sunday and Monday.
The boat was a The - a sign of external pale and contains.
internal read read 'O IV'.
A few suspects are already caught by the police.
On Sunday evening, the road of the streams streams has been broken.
The police dog has been given a copy and a few fifties, a fifties man, was found in a months hiding.
On Monday, the police steal a second man who is also suspected of being guilty of the same fraction.
prosecution accused of The
The disappearance of the amphetamines of amphetamines tranche brought murder to the kittiwake man who was born in 1977.
According to the prosecutor, the man had gone with his partner and another man to housing and the few of the holder, 34 kittiwake kittiwake.
It was the case and that there was a denied trial and claimed that there was a second man in snipers.
This case came to the police, when the police patrols stopped a passenger car in which the company was burning the clothes used in blood.
In addition to the shreds clothing, the car was found in cut.
In this case, the Court of Justice will be given a judgment later on.
In many places, it was rare in many places.
According to the Scientific Institute, one warm August will be repeated on average in ten years.
statistics statistics show that the average temperature was higher in the country as a whole.
In most country, there were two degrees of from.
As a result of the heatwave in Hay and August, the whole of the summer was more than normal.
The highest temperature was recorded in the first week of August, in the first week of August, where the indicator appeared to be 3 degrees.
Flying Henry says that my father has never hug me.
He never said I love me
Henry was born in the Dudley family of seven Jamaica in the British Midlands in 1958.
The father of the was a factory who was killed at the time of Henry Henry, and the relationship between the Po and the father was remote.
Henry train is currently Rudyard 'Bobsleigh show', which is based partly on a fictional debate with his father and developed on the basis of Radio 4.
The is a mixture of, and Arap up.
Mr is has had to go through the painful childhood of childhood.
He has been a number of therapy after the death of his mother, and he is considering a lot of relationship with his father.
It was very difficult to read the father.
His face has never been seen, only the voice said: there is a fuss.
I would like to leave his brother to peace.
Let us move on!
I am now looking at the cricket.
The old brother and Hilton, which were already adults when I was a child, had a father in pub and discussed, for example, the form of beer or cricket.
I never spoke to him about things.
The majority of my life was a smile man, Mrs corner, to read the newspaper.
Henry to digest in many Dudley and got the impression of what his father's life has had to be, although the working conditions are better than that at the time.
, are a little brighter today, but they are in practice dark, smoke, labyrinth depths in which they eat cheques, smoke and soot.
Father was used to go to the bathwater, and only in our country, and in silence he began to sing in document with a number of dirt.
On a number of occasions, I understood that he had done it for many years to get us to the table and I started to appreciate him more.
Despite this, there was a lack of the proximity of parents from the point of view of Henry 's childhood.
My father was never hug and never said that I love me.
Only when my mother began to sick, before his death, we began to start by repeating ourselves to each other that we love each other.
Henry has the Bill daughter of and, through their own child, he has been able to share his love of a child.
I have to repeat the 'I love you'.
Let us stop the hug!
Father, I am 22!
. with of.
Why should we not be friends?
He is a great mother
Henry is still a good friend of of, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawit is a good person.
Why should the Dawn and I not be friends?
He is a great mother.
Henry mother was diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons that led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer a lot of overweight and diabetes, my doctor asked me to make a U-turn.
Since then, I began with a great deal, and I also had to start hard to reduce the symptoms.
It is very difficult -
and boring.
No one enjoys carrots.
Henry is well known to the short term, perhaps, as a result of his change in the career process.
Having received a great deal of good feedback on the role of Otho, he is immersed into a theatre.
Next, it was a comedy of mistake and August Wilson's Fender Pisces ('Aid for Aid').
It is a different experience from, and comedy, which Mr Henry has done throughout their urgent career.
Henry began in the field when he was a 16 factory of the 16 factory.
In the counter euphonia, he noticed that he was in the hands of of and contacted the new capacity for competition.
In the middle of the 70 'TV, I was the only black Oxime and comedian', he says.
In doing so, he has done.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce jokes from conveyor in 1975 to 1985, while living in 1975 and I was on television, and it was a difficult time.
Johnny New Face in 1975
Henry manager had the scene for the scene Show Show, the light of the lightly entertainment programme, where there was a black Demolished, so the Henry ended up in a programme for five years.
My family did not do so.
On the other hand, I would like to say that I would never have taken part in it, but I do not regret it.
Although it was strange and regrettable, I was able to work in huge events and I learned how to deal with the public.
However, 'British TV rewarded, a multiannual favourite and light programme' was, at the same time, 'grotesque for black people'.
Henry worked in a second farce in the 21st century, in which it was pollutants and admired the black British culture.
The Flying Henry show was set in 1984 and, in the 1990s, the Henry was figure in Gary Black in a comedy series!
For the next decade, there was a number of Henry, documentary, TV and film parts, but the BBC in 2008 said that he said: 'What is going to happen now, it seems to be taking place or moving on'.
The next item was the Radio 4 documentary series' What is the Great About,... '.
The first part dealt with Shakespeare.
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It is not really good for us at school, and I think it was one of the white middle class, which is using stockings and which has money.
That is why I am afraid of Shakespeare.
All the people who are in the programme - Mr Hall, Mr Tre Nunn, Mr Le Rochester, Mr Le - said to me: 'We.
We do not reject the whole idea before we know what we are talking about.
textiles words and understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry 20 of Mr 20 Mr of the last speech for a documentary and he was sold.
I felt I would be able to do so.
I felt almost as if something had been missing in the past, and now it was put in place.
'What it is about, this is important, so we take it seriously, to learn the learn, to do a small background to the background.
It was therefore a tough process, and I read the play for months before it was implemented.
It was finally a success.
It was apparently expected to fail, but that was not the case.
Shortly after that, there will be a majority of Henry in a comedy of mistake.
All of a sudden, an active player in the British national theatre, and I could not believe it to be said.
I am reminded of the idea: 'O Hedgehog, you have changed'.
For once, there were technical problems in the play, and Mr Henry clearly felt that he had his role to entertain the public.
'small, I said to me:' 'you will have to do 10 minutes alone, until the computer works again'.
Instead, the director of the director announced that the proposal will continue as soon as the problem has been rectified.
I would like to get a facilitate out of the scene, and some of me would breathe a sigh of relief.
It is not my duty,
I can do that.
'You are playing a play, stay in the role'.
Henry 'Fender' in Duchess
The learning of the 'Fender Pisces' play was a challenging one.
panic is a good thing, it makes people more sustainable.
This play, too, was well received, so it was a sign of the gods; 'this is what you have to do'.
It is, of course, the case that Mr Henry has the voice of A.
So I decided to stick to this.
I sincerely love this work.
I love training.
However, it is still in essence a comedian: the small young of humour are constantly interrupted by the young of his exchange of Mutation.
logistics for up up is a question of will, because it seems to be dangerous for the public to have an immediate effect.
If we are constantly hungry for this, it may lead to an impasse.
I sometimes spend a lot of time in Apollo when it seems, but in general, it will no longer inspire me in the same way as before.
I would like to ask Mr Henry whether he is going to go to the new up tour.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the director, who will help shape the whole journey from the start, the middle and the end, and I do not believe I want to give up the feeling.
So this is his new them?
I think so.
I think it is necessary to play a role -
It is very good.
It is a fact that it is a story, and it is a task.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya is drawing up a register of officials in order to eliminate 'ghost workers'.
Kenya has begun to draw up a biometric register of officials in trying to remove 'ghost workers' from the government lists.
The workers who were not informed in the next two weeks would no longer have a salary, the government's statement was announced.
The government doubts that thousands of people will continue to pay for their officials when they leave their officials.
The President, Mr Swimming, is congratulating the public sector when it comes to office in 2013.
In the past this year, the review of 'ghost workers' salaries and other economic irregularities took at least one million dollars.
The government doubts that salaries will be paid after the person has died or submitted their officials, the BBC Want Chea Vaziri in Nairobi.
All officials will have to inform themselves in the next few weeks, in order to ensure that their data will be stored in biometric registration, was reported in a government statement.
According to information, everyone who does not do this without proper reason will be removed from the pay lists.
'This measure will rationalise the public sector, because this will determine how many people really do what they can, and that is to clean up wage lists at both levels of the government, in order to resolve the problem of' the problem of ghost gurus, the decentralisation gurus, the decentralisation official.
The outcome of the 2015 accounts for the year 2015 is likely to be a deficit of EUR 2 million, unless urban adjustment and development are in a tense economic situation.
On the basis of the current budget, there are some 9.4 million deficits in the context of the preparation of the current budget.
The possibility, as possible, was to reduce the scope and level of services, as well as the purchase of services, the sale and distribution of property, and the increase in tax and payment rates.
The selection target of EUR 10 million is 8.5 million.
When there is no relief in the road to the situation.
The new obligations imposed on anyone, the inadequate growth in tax revenue, increasing unemployment and the 5% cut in state cuts will weaken the prospects even further.
The economic seminar is intended to seek new ways of balancing the economy.
The government is agreed that savings must be made.
It must be translated into the aim of the strategy, to say the President of the city of the city, Mr Kimmo.
The government of the city restored the proposals that have yet been drawn up.
The proposals made by the urban government are the basis of the council economic seminar in Fram on Monday 8 September.
After the delegation's delegation, the draft budget will proceed through the Commission's reading to the city government and the city council.
Tens of Turkish police suspects suspected of 'plot' against the 'plot' government.
All 33 police have been arrested in Turkey suspected of plot 'plot', local media sources.
The police authorities did not comment immediately.
According to the Daily News, there were 14 senior police officials who were arrested.
Some of the police were in contact with the corruption studies last December on government officials, including four ministers from the government.
In July, several police officers were arrested in Turkey for the organisation of a large criminal problems and for the following of the telephone.
The President of Turkey, Mr Erdogan, who was in the course of the time in question, said that police action was part of the Islamic leader, F Gusuku, and other planned activities in the power of power.
All children do not return to a school in Ukraine
Most of the schools in Ukraine opened their doors on Monday (1 September) after summer holidays.
This is traditionally an important day for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, the Prime Minister, Arsen Vuk, took his daughter to school.
At the same time he told journalists that all schools have not reopened, but he said he was committed to defending the country for future generations:
The ceremonies of the first September ceremonies were not spent in every school.
There is no peace in the whole Ukraine.
We must fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole of the huge Ukrainian Front, must fight for peace.
Alexander Koolhoven, who is a leading teacher in a school in Slavia, which, the daughter of its Shirayuki, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will come back at last, and that children will be able to learn from which they will be able to benefit in the future.
The celebration of the first school day is the traditional in of the children, the balloons and the teachers of the flowers.
According to Mr Perry, libellous was promise
The Twitter Twitter by the Governor of Texas, Mr Perry, was sent to the lawyer on Sunday evening, from the lawyer, when he heard accusations of abuse of power.
The Tweet was removed later, and it was followed by new Genowefa, in which Mr Perry sworn that he has nothing to do with the picture.
The Tweet was almost of my account.
'I do not agree with the', and I have deleted it, in a later publication.
The forces forces did not immediately respond to requests for clarification.
Although Mr Supersize was sent to Twitter Twitter, it is unclear who published the picture.
The first Andrew contained the caricature District Lehideux Lehideux, who was condemned for drink in April 2013.
Mr Perry, the funding for the post of of, which led to a great jury in Austin in this month, Mr Perry, who has been accused, and Mr Perry is a possible candidate for the 2016 presidential elections.
The title of the Tweet was: 'I do not always advocate hops, three times the maximum level of per, which is what is happening when it comes to pointing the finger at Mr Perry'.
I am the hops democrat.
The Lehideux Agency did not lead to a large jury against Mr Perry.
The study was carried out by Michael,, the San Prosecutor, which the Republican judge has imposed on the task.
Mr Perry has said that he is innocent and called a political from.
His influential legal assistance team has asked the competent judge to reject accusations and said that the law, on which the Governor of Texas has been in office, is, in the face of the Constitution, unclear.
Mr Perry has cut the amount of State aid to the public integrity of the State, which is acting in the Travis District and carrying out accusations in the public sector, when Mr Stockholm refused to resign.
The Perry decision has been taken by the left group to make a formal complaint on the matter.
The Twitter accounts are regularly updated - and, sometimes, it is also famous.
With regard to the fifth elections in the electoral conference in 2012, Mr Perry, Mr Perry, is going to end the game by publishing the image of a Lake text in Twitter, on the one hand, and the South Carolina, on the other.
According to's, the housing market is again 'normal'.
One of the main developers in London has warned that the housing market in south-east England has' returned 'to normal activity level.
housing London's housing has been a huge demand and a sharp rise in the price of a widespread credit rating, which led the Bank of England to impose restrictions on housing loans in June.
On Monday, Tony founding and Tony Tony, Tony g, said that 'from the beginning of this economic year, the market and the number of shops have returned to normal injecting after 2013' and increased the 'stable environment'.
In the event of a recession, the housing market in London went to the hordes of foreign investors in the search for their capital.
According to the land register, the price of housing in the city rose by 8.5% in the last year alone, and so clearly exceeded the average in England and Wales, which was 6.7%.
The average prices for's private, affordable and student buildings rose by around one fifth in the last year, achieving the price of GBP 23 000 by the end of April.
However, in the last few months, the pound has made a less attractive destination in London in the last few months, as well as the new property tax laws and political rhetoric on a possible 'Manor tax' before the general elections in May.
The London property, Fox Fox, warned last week that the mortgage report in April, which was reported on stricter lending provisions, would lead to a lower level of market growth, both in terms of the sale of buildings and prices in the second half of the year.
The recent information from the Bank of England showed that the number of loans adopted fell in July, which refers to the cooling housing market.
The mediator International mediator International has fallen from 2015 to the prices of buildings in London, according to which prices are calculated by 3%, because the index index has already begun to be weakened.
The number of The in the most expensive areas in London in Chelsea, May and Kensington has been fall in a quarter of a year ago, mediator mediator Ellis.
However, the demand for home in the capital is a blessing for Riley, which increased income from the property sold to GBP 2.2 billion.
g Riley added that 'the very planned demand for the right product at the moment has remained stable and, therefore, sales have remained lively'.
In June, the company reported that 3 74 new homes had been sold in the year before April, which is almost a third more than at the top of the economic crisis in 2007.
In the event of a year, the profits that have fallen by 40%, as a result of this year, are GBP 380 million and the turnover increased by 18% to GBP 1.6 billion.
g, on Monday before the company, told us that the's year's merits were in line with the current expectations of the market.
philosophy agree that profit from the whole year is GBP 450 million.
The's stock sold this afternoon in the London Stock Exchange at the same level as GBP 3.9 per cent.
leaked Mr, Mr Lawrence Winston
Lawrence Lawrence arrive on an annual basis for the allocation of the annual Academy Prize.
The Hacker, who claims that it is in the hands of the century, in which the Oscar Oscar Mr Mr, was leaked.
For the sake of the hunger game, the representative confirmed that the images are genuine and condemned the 'arrogant privacy of privacy'.
The authorities have been in contact, and all those who publish the stolen images of Mr Lawrence will receive accusations.
The images that were originally published on the publication of the 4 picture were obvious because of the weakness of Apple's Cloud storage, which, for example, is alleged to be dozens of other women stars, such as Rihanna, Kim Kartika, Mary Elizabeth Kate, Buzz d.
We do not know how much of the images are genuine, albeit with the star Pilger, the star Winston in Twitter in Twitter.
'For those who are looking at my and my husband in the privacy of our homes a number of years ago: I hope you will have a good mind', with the Tantawy Tantawy.
However, Mr de of 'Carl', and 'Victor of', 'Carl of', 'genuine genuine', 'these images images V V R J R J FIN-NET V'.
Let me put an end to this.
I said late on Sunday that the Grand representative denied the authenticity of the images of the stars.
Only in the face of a new novel by Mr Jacob Paulson, who tells us about love and the, of the,
They are pressing, it described the best, gradually, as they were, the cardboard box.
Only then, he heard from the fact that it was too serious, laborious, intensive, and perhaps a little silica.
Then he wave his hands.
He recognised the successful.
Yes, he was silica, like a hedgehog.
The latest victim of his thorn was a relationship that had been promising; it had shown that this relationship could have helped him to be boring, and that could perhaps have brought him to his life.
The Solomon of the was tame hair, and he was a sensitive a am am, the northern village, which was even more harsh and further away from all the Port.
He had come to the south of the country with the Whatever of D, who had inherited a house in wet, but in a paradise in the paradise Valley, and the name of the Valley was the Paradise Valley.
The economy had not lived for years.
The pipeline was leaked by the bathrooms, in all the bathrooms, the snail of the snail had left the whole place in their own way, the garden grew up with weeds, which was reminded of huge cabbage.
The The was like a the, a magic, a magic, full of secrets.
The author of the author. - Howard Richardson, who is a novel 'J', is conditional on the Booker Prize for literature in 2014.
The new will be published next week
Whatever had gone hand in hand with A the in July, with a surprisingly warm spring, both listening to the fragmented music and reassuring news when the with, tanned feet, gave the song that had been forgotten a long time ago and that his father had often listened to the le motives.
It is too high.
These Song were, in principle, too aggressive, and they were no longer received.
They were not banned - nothing was actually banned - they were no longer for.
They wanted to leave the oblivion, as was the case in the word itself.
The general opinion was that the laws and the declaration were not achieved: as in the case of literature, people chose to read the heroes, soup books and Esrom,, for music, in favour of Basketball.
day sometimes, the wild Whatever, started with imaginary piano and singing 7 with the big noble together of A.
I did not understand.
'It was the famous Song of Wallis', which was told by the D, and, at the same time, he raised two finger at two at the same time.
That is how his father had always done, before ',', the letter of the letter.
It had started as a game between him and his father when he was small.
His father said that he played the same game with his own father.
If it was decided by the, to start the word, and not to raise two finger at two, we will have to pay a penny.
It was not a very pleasant game, and it was not now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what the jazz is.
I had never heard such a thing.
, had not actually been declared, it was not being for.
of was no longer fashionable.
In life, there was only one thing for one - the word.
At the beginning of the Song, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
It was in the same way that the Clever had been in the same way.
Its anticipate made people nervous.
And the jazz was a new clever through music.
Although, by 10 years, D Davis Davis., the jazz music had become familiar with him through his father's half collection.
Well, at least he did not need to tell the for that Fat Wallis was black.
In view of the age of A, it was likely that he did not remember the time when the singer singer were not black.
Here, too, there is no need for laws or for coercion.
, society meant that each of its parts accepted - and I am grateful that they were spared - the principle that each group made natural things to it.
On the basis of their Parchment and physical characteristics, people in African are best suited to entertaining and sport, so they are sang and ran.
Initially, the Indian continent was based on its nature with talented electronic equipment, so they had to ensure that every family had a functioning telephone which was used to deal with it.
Those who were left of the Polish community were working on pipeline; the last Greeks broke the plates.
When SEC, TA TA TA, J TA TA, the Gulf and the Middle East, the big parents had not been swiftly in the fear of being accused of flared and fear, opening the restaurants in which Slab yoghurt and burned were burned and boring in the country.
Everyone is working according to their talents.
I had only heard of Basketball, and he was difficult to understand how the offensive words that were just singing from the D had ever been used as music.
It was the love that was expressed.
'They are not really insulting', Mr D said.
Perhaps it is not just a question of big foot.
My father has never insulted anyone, but this song has made him happy.
He had already said too much, but the rejected garden created the illusion of the illusion.
None of the words into the voice of the giant cabbage in the isolation.
I did not understand, however.
Why was a father, something like that?
He was going to say that the whole story was a joke, but did not want to raise two finger at the consequences of the A.
I saw him as strange already.
'It was a amusing', he said instead.
I was the in disbelief, and his hair was covered by the point of view of D.
There is nothing else to be seen in the world as a huge, of A, the black hair of Andvari.
What he did not want to see.
'If you say so', he said, but not convinced.
However, it does not explain why I sing it to me.
I had the impression that it was truly confused.
Are my feet so large?
He considered it again.
That is not the way in which it is really great.
therefore, perhaps, a little...
And you are angry with me, because the foot are too thick?
hatred you?
I do not, of course, hate you.
It was just a stupid.
He could have said 'I love you', but it was too early for it.
'I think that I thick the', he tried to correct the situation.
I am perverse in that respect.
This was not helpful.
He had wanted it to be nice.
After all, when he wanted fun, it was quite different because he, as he father, lacks a convincing charm that can manage a joke.
Perhaps his father had been cruel.
Perhaps he, D, wanted the same.
Lemminkäinen, despite the eyes of the sight.
I the the Solomon of blush and rose on the patio chair and, at the same time, landfill received and Hard the wine that they have just drink.
Wine had only been defeat, so he could not use the cause of the collision.
he in in, he seemed to be trembles as in the storm of palm newspapers.
'And the thick of the thick is the fact that I am appeals in my appeals', he said...
I do not believe that it seems to be the case.
Whatever was sorry for A, as well as for the fear that it has made, because of its fear, which was reflected at the moment when I decided to stand against him.
Is it, I believe, that he is going to be would?
He had never mentioned the life of D in the good archipelago where he had grown, but Mr D was sure that, in essence, it had been the same as life here.
The same huge, good sea, which wave against them.
The same mixed men, although the TA PAHs, are even more pale and diabolical than the smugglers and divide parents, wandered pub, ready to to every woman who would dare to oppose or consisted them.
the?
After all, he would see a thick fist if we were not careful!
First of all, it was the is word that had been made by the general man and a woman who received a pull pharmaceutical, a pull pull, and then attacks.
On the one hand, I think it was too much, because it was hostile in itself.
In my view, the Solomon language called on him to leave.
He withdrew his' patio 'chair rather than an old man.
In my view, it was also exhausted, but the depth of the sorrow of D was maintained.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
I was following his expenditure - just as he watched his travel partner, spectators, as a window of window - a man who was responsible for his hard life.
nothing in the garden, he is thinking about it.
He was a pity for D and men in general, although some of them had raised their hands against him in order to attack him.
their, down, shame, been, who had lost all the battle - why was it so familiar to him, even though he did not remember that it would have been the case before this moment?
When I was I, the Solomon was alone, he considered the legs.
However, in the There, 32 researchers Oranienbaum Oranienbaum Oranienbaum Oranienbaum, in the work of the work of the which which researchers researchers Oranienbaum, the intelligent work of the intelligent of the private plant in the private area of Ofcom, the short and medium-sized violence in the regions of the country, or even the end, was most likely to take into account the money and energy that was used to eradicate it.
'A great deal has already been done, and much remains to be done', 'in order to pave the way for the natural aggression of thousands of years, and in most cases the people who have won over the Church and in the outermost regions, where the towers of hedgerows has rarely been known.
However, there are some things that cannot be eliminated completely.
The higher the Tower, the lower it is the profiteer of it.
The people are crying out for the the of the The, eating stories and sworn in the name of adultery and family life, but, at the same time, the old-fashioned of common and urban areas, and there is evidence of a new kind of soul in homes, in the workplace, in our streets and even in Park.
'You have a regrettable tendency to dramatise', including the entire report.
I would suggest that there are less novels.
Mrs Oranienbaum fell the country.
Furthermore, I have to ask: are you atheist?
'I do not need to answer that', Mrs Mrs Oranienbaum.
Is the lesbian?
We are still calling on the right to the right to respond to personal questions.
??
Once again, silence.
'I ask you', the Luther Rabin said, 'because I am against atheism, lesbians and feminism.
This work does not maintain prejudice.
We are servants of a prejudice society.
Although a certain degree of sensitivity is in itself entirely acceptable and respected, it can sometimes lead to a distorted outcome, such as what I have just said to me.
You clearly have something to do with the church - and what you call a brutality or a bad soul, the others usually appoint an intrinsic energy and physical intensity.
the TA TA TA TA TA, J TA TA, as if it had happened yesterday, if it happened at all, to destroy the fundamental vitality of the country.
Mrs, No Oranienbaum, felt around the Rabin of Rabin.
At the end of the the light, the the pink, the pink of flamingo, which had been distributed by the Ofcom to the country for a quarter of the last century or more.
neighbouring neighbour, appreciate, listen, black, the telephone,,, explain, excuse me, apologise.
It is better than silence and the sung word is better than written, but nothing could be love.
'I understand what you want to say, Mrs Oranienbaum', when it was certain that his director had finished, and I just want to say that we are not as effectively improved as we imagine ourselves.
I am concerned that if we are not warned, we will reiterate the same mistakes that originally led to S II, TA PAHs, TA TA.
This time, however, we do not shed our hatred and mistrust.
The Luther of Horowitz Horowitz was a blind of the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
'It is too far', he said, 'described' the error of the acts that the big parents have been able to do or not to do.
It is also too long to say that they shed light on the hatred and mistrust of others.
You should not be reminded of the fact that when it comes to understanding the past, or defending the present, we are not talking about 'we' or 'they'.
There was no 'us' or 'other'.
It was a time of chaos, that is all we know about.
," 'if we are quite honest, in chaos,', 'If', 'one group of society cannot say that it is a good thing.
I do not blame anyone.
What was done, then, was a good or bad thing.
That was then at the time.
There is no need to talk about it - we agree on this.
And just as it is unnecessary and accusations, it is not necessary to make a corrigendum, whether they are appropriate or not, and even if it is a way of doing so.
But what has happened to the past if there is no lesson to be learned from it -
The past is in place so that we can forget it.
If I may add one more thing:
The pyramid of pyramid Rabin was broken by Luther Rabin.
'through report', he said and expressed that it was time to leave.
On the next day, he would work in the normal way for him to be a driving force in the foot of the foot, who was described as' bad soul and furious' by passers-by.
by is happening.
Lesotho army will ban the planned attack; the Prime Minister will stay in South Africa
In Lesotho, the officials in the army have banned the broad attack and said that they were against the police, who were suspected of trying to disarm the political fanatics.
Mr Thomas Thabo fled the country, saying that the army had been surrounded by his official housing and power of government buildings in the capital city.
The Head of State of the State, with his family, has been told that there has been a loss of death.
representative No No brought and said that the army responded to the threat from 'political fanatics', which has been said to be weapons by fanatics.
'In the case of the defence forces, there has been a number of intelligence reports that some police forces are trying to disarm young parties, and they are prepared to cause problems', and he said the Voice of America.
According to the Clayton Mon of the President of the South African Government, the military action appeared to be a revolution.
'Despite the fact that there has been no claim to down the government by force, the actions of the defence forces in Lesotho appear to be the hallmarks of a revolution company', he says.
In Lesotho, the army, according to the military officials, return to their barracks on Sunday, and the capital was a peaceful atmosphere.
In the meantime, Deputy Prime Minister Moth, the Moth forests, will lead the government in the absence of Thabo.
Mbabane says that he believes in the fight against corruption, because he has tried to fight corruption.
In Lesotho, there has been a tension since June, when Mr Thabo suspended the sessions of the European Parliament because of the differences of the government.
He rejects the government's power, even if it is claimed.
Trade newspaper: Microsoft set up the Data Centre for the new
The IT company Microsoft has set up a large data centre for a country in which the company does not agree.
The communication sent to the media by the Microsoft company states that it does not indicate the location of all the data centres for security reasons.
According to Microsoft, the debate is already completely equipped and linked to the network.
It is the investment of many hundreds of millions of dollars.
In the past, the public's seat had been took or Kajaani.
There is an end to the Oulu points, which will take around 500 people in the workplace.
In Finland, a maximum of 1 0 jobs have been announced by Microsoft.
The communication leader, Camus Linda, says that the company does not comment on how much staff the new data centre will provide.
In the context of the creation of a data centre for the new country on Monday, there was a newspaper report on Monday.
There is nothing to blame for the time crossroads
A man of the 78 age is accused of being driven by a traffic light at a crossroads in Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving the girl at a crossroads in the eastern Neue of Pitt.
According to the reasons, Mr Stewart, in the case of Audi Q, the and caused girl.
The charges of Stewart, 78, denied charges at the sheriff sheriff session.
Charles Mac C the trial for a trial in January.
Four Suddenly of better water images and video images
If we want to take pictures or video on water, you have to choose a number of different options for equipment.
The cheapest option is a sustainable, Alexandroff and Hosho camera, such as Nikos or 'camera, such as the Golan Pro + Silver, which both cost approximately USD 300.
I personally took these images into a family celebration, using a number of cameras, each of which cost less than 350 dollars.
In the case of the laws, there are a number of rules that are worth complying with.
I am going to check the equipment twice.
Although you would be a watertight camera, I would still ensure that the camera battery and other parts have been closed watertight.
In addition, the camera description of the images or video on the description description of the camera.
There is a regulation in some cameras or camera and video camera to optimise the conditions under the water.
In addition, before jumping to water, let us ensure how deep the equipment can be.
Some cameras only 5 footprint, some of which are 50 - 60 of the footprint.
I would like to see both ordinary and water management models in our purchase guide and in the criticism of the digital cameras.
There are many images - many of them in some way.
In the toolkit, the cameras have the LCD evidence to be able to show the image of the Marmite, while the ', often, does not have this quality.
Although you would be LCD, it is difficult to see the water, and the picture can either succeed or fail.
So there are many images.
If the camera was also allowed to be fork, which means that many images will be taken by different regulations, it will take advantage of this quality.
It is close to the surface.
The light is significantly reduced by deeper.
If possible, it is close to the surface when it comes to bathing water, lakes or the sea.
In this way, you would also think it would be more colours; the more lost, the less the colours will be.
I will try to come to a close.
This is important in the advice of the country, but even more important by water, because the light is limited.
It is very important when there is a 'camera: there is often a fixed lens in these equipment, which has a broad picture, that is to say, the described, so that we can fulfil the whole picture.
China does not allow the Hong Kong leaders to elect their leaders - the revenge
On Sunday, the Chinese Parliament decided that the electorate in Hong Kong should not choose candidates for the 20 elections, despite the unease of democratic reform.
The decision is likely to give a spark to the long-awaited protests of the Hong Kong Movement for a long time to plan and implement demonstrations only for hours after the publication of the decision.
The decision of the People's People's Congress of China, in practice, will give the communists out all the candidates who do not comply with Beijing.
'It was expected, but it is outrageous', says the President of the democratic party, Mr Lauk.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They have been lied to Hong.
It is clear that we are working with an autocratic regime.
The Chinese Government, the Deputy Secretary-General of the National Congress of China, has defended the Chinese administration to say that the general candidate in elected the Hong Kong leader would be too 'chaotic'.
Since 1997, Great Britain's extradition to China promised to the people in the region that it would be able to choose its own leader from 2017.
According to Chinese leaders, the decision on Sunday was a democratic breakthrough, because it would allow Hong Kong to vote in direct elections, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to strictly control the electoral process through the appointment of the committee, which is managed by Beijing.
According to the new clause, only candidates who 'love land and love Hong Kong' are approved.
The decision before the summer of Hong Kong was held by some of the largest and most significant protests in the region for years.
Behind the campaign to defend democracy, it was largely the Central of the Love and PEACE movement which the organisers have threatened to prevent the business of the world Quarter if Beijing does not grant Hong Kong a genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, only hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of the support of the Central Bank met in the main administrative buildings in Hong Kong.
The organisers of the demonstrations announced that the movement would move to a new era of civil disobedience and would bring about waves of protests in the weeks to come.
However, they did not tell the details, apparently, that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In the communication published by the network, the organisers said that the business' must pyromaniac Rapture as a last resort, only if there is no hope of dialogue and there is no other way '.
We very much regret the fact that the last opportunity for dialogue has failed and the centre of the centre will take place.
The Hong Kong authorities have been prepared for a number of days in Beijing, and on Sunday the security measures were tough on the government's main buildings, including police and barricades.
The lack of peace in Hong Kong is feeding many of the feeling that the inhabitants are slowly losing their power to their city.
The wave of arrival on the continent has led to competition for products and services.
In addition, there is a fear that Hong Kong values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under the growing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticised the Central Central movement, because its demonstrations threaten the lifeblood of Hong Kong - the business world.
'protest, which they talk about, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many of them are involved and, for a long time,' says the Ip, who has fought for a long time.
We do not want to see that the Hong Kong is sliding away from our grip.
This image would be bad for investment.
There are also stories in the state of China that Hong Kong's democracy activists are the henchmen of the revolution Western powers.
This summer, activists organised a referendum on the informal voting rights, involving 7 000 people - more than one fifth of the Hong Kong electorate.
In July tens of thousands were involved in one of the most profitable demonstrations in the region.
The proactive of the United States is hitting British universities: new jet
We are inspired by the demand by setting up the first luxury class in Britain to travel to today's students.
Not only does the company provide private aircraft, but also other vehicles, such as Rolls Phantom, the Martin or McLaren CFP, so that the customer can ensure as memorable a university as possible.
According to Mr Stewart, there is also a safety aspect in the service.
The service is the best possible alternative to students who, otherwise, would be dragged by their property in children cars.
When this is combined with a number of IF characteristics (hospitality), we are ready to offer today's students as easy and high quality transport as possible.
According to the company, there have not yet been reservations because the service has only been set up, but it would add that 'students will start orders during the next few weeks'.
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, even though most of the students pay for the figure of GBP 9 000 per year.
Today's students are very different from their expectations and wishes, from 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, and now it is more important than ever to create a memorable first, and the IF is precisely the right way to do it.
However, a national student organisation criticised a service that is not realistic.
According to the Vice-President of the organisation, Mrs Mega, 'this service plan seems to be very far from the life of a student majority'.
Many in this month will be shocked by the level of living costs, when the financial subsidies in the form of loans and grants are lagging behind in terms of a huge increase in the cost of the basic costs, and we can start to think about where thousands of people are to be used as a simple matter as that of campus.
Ipswich 'pig'
In the case of the sale of house in Suffolk, it was noted that the sale of the House in Suffolk has been noted that the house is lying in a large pig.
A house with one taste, the price of which is GBP 120 000, is in Ipswich.
The announcement was to be described as a office, where a pig was decided by a couch.
In the case of property, the pig of the pig is the pets of the owner.
'However, you ended up with the announcement of the announcement, and it has been deleted', a representative of the company.
In the report, the happy describes the more of the House as a 'unique house in one of the taste'.
Although property mediation has deleted the picture on its website, it is still reflected in advertising.
Economic sales have attracted interest in the social media, where the question of the price of the pig industry has been raised.
Torres departure, ensure ensure, to return to the Mann Swimming
The Spanish aggressor, Fernando Torres Torres, was assured, but, in almost the same way, it was going through the opening of the door.
The Chelsea announced in the four-year agreement that the French top Lone neighbouring Q Q.
According to the press, the price of trade is EUR 13 million.
Mrs Torres, 30, will be AC by a two-year loan agreement.
He went through the record sum of GBP 50 million four years ago, but never met expectations.
In its decision, it was also a Japanese player Japanese Marwan in Manchester United.
I am expected to return to the expected Dortmund in Germany, in which he made a breakthrough before the Mann transfer.
According to reports, the trade price is around EUR 8 million.
The recent agreement on Kagan is a four-year agreement.
I wanted to make my dream a reality in the League.
Now I am pleased to be a man of Dortmund.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, Mr The.
The second Volksbund League in Berlin will be strengthened by the Solomon fish.
The aggressor in Côte d'Ivoire is moving from Herbert to Lille, and the transfer is estimated at around EUR 3 million.
Before Lille fish, 29, played the years in 2006 to 12.
The explosions of Paris explosions
On Monday, the number of victims rose from the blocks explosion in the city of Paris.
, the 11 people were injured in the accident in the, Boise, which were injured, four of them seriously.
The rescue workers are looking for the ruins of the life in Monday, but hope for the survival of the survivors.
The initial reason for the the is the suspected gas drain.
It happened early on Sunday and was so strong that it finance-sector buildings within a century radius.
Our entire House was moving: we would be afraid of fear.
The The was so strong that we replaced us', described the crash von ICTY von von von von von von von von von von von von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY von ICTY.
To a close school was already able to live on Sunday for the residents of the accommodation house.
Part of life - the presentation of the stars at 17
In the future, a series of stars will be presented.
The stars in the programme met in the first day for the first time after a series of descriptions.
Part of the star is at the beginning of the ordinary Nel of the media.
In the context of the opportunity to present its autumn software with dozens of screens
In the autumn, the Perfect Eure-et-Loir, Paul Karmann, Paul I, Mr, Elastic, Mr and Rodolfo.
Some of them are, therefore, in the evening and in the directly programme.
The opportunity begins with Sebastian,, with the presentation of the different channels of the media in the autumn of the software process.
After the As share, the camera camera group is applying for life interviews with the stars.
The article: the performers are not here at the evening.
According to the information that has been made, the beginning of the opportunity may be slightly delayed.
The broadcasting is not reflected in all mobile equipment.
Trinidad, Trinidad and Tobago
J D, the J of the European League for Football, is going to have a new player in Trinidad and Tobago.
The main series of consequences consequences, according to the Nazarbaev F.C., has carried out a loan agreement with Nazarbaev Jones.
Nazarbaev Jones is a 23 years old, a medium-sized player who has made a 55 of the paint in a 55 match.
In the case of in and Tobago, Mr Jones has played the 35 match.
According to the first website football football, Jones has been one of the TT League in the last two years.
According to followed, Jones travel to Finland on Tuesday.
D have not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgaria's prison staff will keep a national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria showed their opinion in the face of the Ministry of Justice in capital.
In the peaceful demonstration, they declared that they wanted back the old working rules that were changed recently.
The issue of wage increases is also to be discussed with the Minister of the Interior, Mr Ivanov.
For a month now, the officials in prison have protested symbolically against the new working times that they want to return to the old shift shift system.
Despite the meeting of the organisation of the organisation of the workers and the Ministry of Justice, there was no agreement on the issue, the Bulgarian national radio (B).
The negotiations are currently under way, the leader of the leader German, the leader of the Directorate-General for implementation, told B NR-30.
The protest of the organisation of prison workers is also expected to be linked to the members of the trade union of the Ministry of the Interior.
ball: Fan encouragement almost too much: the Sali of the Sali was round
Today, the S of the S was the embodiment of the victory of Finland.
He was able to forget the pitch-black US matches and wide the other half of the people of Ukraine with their solution.
But there was all the credit to the wolf of the wolf - and it was done by the style:
The fact in the field at the end of the day, it was so great.
My Natsume, my Natsume, could not have done anything.
The noise and the white public were almost too many.
The intensive moments in this House are based on nine superficial at the rapid pace, the exploitation and the ill-treatment of the World and the ill-treatment of the which.
I do not know how that was the case, but I decided, in the,, that everything was successful.
They come, but at some point, now in the very important place of the intellectual, the S.
That is my role.
Let us do everything.
It was good to see that others, too, were caught up.
It took up the whole of the gangs.
The House is the pleasure of a team and the creator of life, so it is not wonder that his example was the flight of the team, which was large and heavy-handed five too much in Ukraine.
Finland at the 32 years at the World Cup
Suddenly Monti, Suddenly Monti, was the Finnish Prime Minister for the the World Cup in 1982.
It is 32 years since Finland's national volleyball team was at the last time at the end of the World Cup.
Sirkka was the only Finnish image of the Finnish Euro for 1982 in Argentina, where the legendary Rhine was the legendary of Finland, and the current player The, Park Park, as a universal player.
Kosonen and Park clang remember a thing about one thing than yesterday's day: it was a hot game against France in the blocks.
'The solution in the game in the ball, in the court of the ball, was blatant', commemorated Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams had already been on the table.
Suddenly the game was continued.
We lost its 2 to 3, and then the 'Park clang'.
Finland played a prime minister, Suddenly Monti, at the end of 17: in 17.
Now, Finland is again in the world's committees when the World Cup in Poland is going to take place today on Saturday.
Many things have changed dramatically in the international volleyball in 32 years.
The power of of is in the same category as before, but quality and skill are now more.
The average length of the players have also increased.
The game is more rapid, and I would like to think about the Park.
But what is happening in Poland?
The Finnish material has expanded and the burden can be distributed.
I expect that Finland will be able to move from the beginning to the future.
Then there can be a strict '.
Sirkka Sirkka
Petter, are von Yushchenko and Jukka Savi, were in the profits game against Tunisia.
The current player, The The, was a general player in the World Cup.
Let us hope that there will be no room for 17.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down, 'Park clang.
The legendary Kosonen of the Rhine was a national coach in Argentina.
Tunisia Savi, Maurizio and Karin Tête-bêche Tunisia in Tunisia.
and and worship Buenos in Buenos Aires were part of the national national football team in 1982.
Karin every has been was with his team friends.
Final competition in the Final competition Final - no victory for South Karelia
The Veerman Ventotene, the Veerman Ventotene and the I Tikkakoski, did not make any progress on the victory of competition.
Other investments have not been published in competition.
The teacher of Song and Immonen, according to it, has been popular.
It has a good experience.
Song have yet to be Song.
The moments of competition are always fine memories, Immonen.
Finnish tourists saved C Mount Mount in Norway: 'These men deserve all thanks'.
When the slave Mere the Mix and his dog, on Thursday, in the mountains, Anita and Tuomo were bravely offered to help.
At the end of the week it is looking for the 'international heroes' in Facebook, in order to thank their help once again.
It was told by the public Facebook on a daily basis that the dog of the mountains on Thursday, the mountains, was hurt.
The dog has no longer been able to walk in a sharp terrain.
I tried to take it down, but I did not succeed, so I had to give it.
I tried many times to attract and withdraw it, but its feet did not only take the view that it was written in its daily lives.
According to Mr, the aid was not will by police, close hotel or passers-by.
darkness in the dark, the situation began to appear to be threatening the power of power.
Fortunately, there were two pilgrim, who were prepared to help the White-tipped Anita Anita and his father's Tuomo.
Men had visited the Norway Mount Galdhøpiggen and direction the camp when they seen a woman and a dog in the middle of the iceberg.
(Mix) was relatively calm in relation to the situation.
We offered to help him with the dog, Anita Soini tells us that the message sent out by the afternoon.
There was also soon to be a German man who had a Expedition and a involved.
In the case of Pat and the, the psychopath of the dog was caught.
The German man came here a moment ago, when we had thought about what to do with the dog and the dog in the arms of the arms, the Soini.
Soini Soini Soini
Dog was taken down by the mattresses.
According to the Soini, the performance was not physically heavy, but in the difficult terrain, it was slow.
After all, in a half an hour, C would have been down down.
After what has happened, the Mix is still looking for 'international heroes' in Facebook, so that they can thank them once again.
The Soini responded to him on Sunday, but the German man is apparently still reaching out.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, the Mix.
If they had not helped me, we would not necessarily have returned.
I would like to find these people, because I feel that I have not thanked them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all credit and credit, and I am grateful to them for ever.
During the night of Monday, the Soini were already on the home.
They had received the am of the Mix: I said that they could have been better!
nobody nobody the ork of the Helsinki city of ork
A three-year period would start in the autumn of 2016 and end in the spring of 2019.
It also contains an option for two additional periods.
It was a nobody that started his career in cell.
He is a well-known conductor and received a Finlandia Medal in 2011.
At the moment, John Stord, the Orchestra of the city, is acting as a conductor.
The fine and courage, and the courage, are going back to square after the summer break.
The suppositions of the opening name raises questions.
After all, the most popular soap in Finland and the courage come back today from the summer break.
A return to the period is suppositions' Orissa good luck in the aftermath of the Eric '.
The programming of the programme programme will be reported as follows:
Eric and Donna are talking about human relations, there is room for food, drinking water, drinking wine and remembering their love history.
Eric is believed to be a writing style of shirt.
As a colour, he has chosen the White Paper, which is Mahler.
Ridge will be able to support the trauma of this concepts and the trauma that has been caused by the Brooke and Bill.
Ridge has yet to go beyond their problems.
In the case of Portela, the Bill is going to clarify his own conflict.
It should not be the case that the man is trying to get him back.
'Ridge Ridge, I am not you, Bill Ridge'.
Genetic deviation is often diagnosed
For years, a British woman was afraid of death due to the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rod, most of the young people, thought that he had only a few years left, because he had been diagnosed with the disease.
In fact, he is suffering from the disease of Charter's (ECCM), which means a number of hereditary diseases which are damaging to the brain and the backbone of the brain.
According to Vanity ECCM, the wrong diagnosis is a general problem in the case of Chechnya, because they know so little.
It is estimated that around 23 000 people in Britain are suffering from a ECCM disease which causes symptoms in motor vehicles, such as weak weak, difficult walking and the are of toe.
The disease can also cause insecurity or pain, and it is an improvement and progress, which means that the symptoms are getting worse in the course of time.
In Rodgers Rodgers, he thought that he was suffering from ataxia Heidenreich (FA), which has a very low level of survival.
Rodgers believed that he would have to have a wheelchair before they were able to meet 18 and die before the age of 30 years.
Today, the mother of two children, the mother of two children, says that 'I am aware that I cannot do the same thing as others.
The The on a daily basis and I took all the longer than others.
I have never been able to be taxiing or skateboards with other children, and I was harassed in school, because I was walking and running in a different way than others.
When Mr Rod was 13 years old, he was carrying out a number of Nowak in order to direct the direct, and in the case of the office, he was looking at the research papers, who said that he was suffering from the FA.
'I felt guilty, because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone, but when I came home, I was looking at information on the disease in the library and I wrote the FA', he says.
When I received information from them, I was shocked and in a state of panic.
I thought I was going to have a wheelchair by 18 years, and I will die before I meet 25, and I will gradually lose all of my ability to act.
I went through this to myself and planned my own funeral.
Mr Rod says that, by the age of 17, he said that his walk was not worse than he had thought and asked the doctor about this.
As a doctor, I hugged me and said: 'girls girls, I do not believe that you have a disease, because otherwise it would be already in a wheelchair'.
I believe that there is a much less dangerous disease.
In the light of some genetic tests, he was diagnosed with the Chechnya disease.
'When I was explained what the disease is, I thought I was postponed', he says.
Charter ECCM organise in Chechnya to draw attention to the disease.
The ports of the ports in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants on the train, the country's Ministry of the Interior, on Monday.
They were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming to Greece.
Migrants were found late on Sunday from Central in Central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with the majority of them.
They did not know where they were, where and where they are going, they said that the Ministry of the Interior was spokesman, Ivo Ivo.
According to the police, a number of euros had been paid by around EUR 3 000 for Greece, and between EUR 800 and 900 in order to get to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants have a large number of illegal immigrants through Macedonia on their road to Western Europe.
The civil war in Syria has already fled three million people.
Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogens
, Franz Ferdinand and Mogens have joined the support for Scottish independence.
According to the newspaper, band, the band stars, in a few weeks' time, will reach a concert in Edinburgh to support the independence project.
As a result of the independence of Scotland, a referendum will be held on 18 September.
In your information, the Mogens said that the vote is an opportunity for Scots, which happens only once in life.
In the past, for example, your actor in Cot has given its support for independence.
On the other hand, the British stars, for example, and David Bowie have appealed to Scotland to remain part of the British.
The supporters of Gall have been at a loss.
The difficulties in the houses of goods continued in the summer - the news - the afternoon
The trade in the House of goods, including in July, will continue to be daily.
It says that the supermarket and hyperinflation turnover left 3.2% of the year in July.
The worst has been the case for the sale of the home and leisure products, whose turnover fell by more than 7% of the year.
dress products also trade clearly less than the previous summer.
Instead, the value of retail goods was increased in July in July by nearly 3%.
The most sales increased in small shops and in large supermarkets.
For the whole of the beginning of the beginning, in January and July, the turnover of supermarkets and hyperinflation has fallen by more than 2%.
However, the sale of daily goods has increased by almost 1%.
Mr Joan Rivera 's' hopes for the best " best '.
Mr Joan Rivera has been aware of the fact that he was a hospital in the centre of New York, but his daughter was today hopeful that the 81 comedian will improve their illness.
'Thank you for your continued love and support', Canoeing River wrote today.
We hope the best.
His mother was the Mount of Sinaga - a hospital hospital for Thursday, according to which the treatment place, the Endowment are clinics, announced the emergency situation to the hospital.
For doctors, he is deliberately reassure by the use of medicines, and the following will be taken carefully until he is in a stable situation at the moment.
The case has caused a broad reaction in the public, and, for example, Donald Trump, Monti Williams and Mr Kelly have provided support on the Internet.
Siemens Siemens: Straw reactor, the Triplets reactor will be completed in 20
Areva on the industry of TV credit, which has been carried out by the day timetable.
According to the Areva statement, the recent delays in the project are mainly due to the search for approval for the automation systems.
The project is already long overdue.
In May, the TV In in May did not give any assessment of the the period.
Nastola Bot for 1.4 hectares of Berlemont Bank to approximately EUR 60 000
The government of the the Government donors Bot Bot Bot Bot Lake on the Lake of the Lake Skylark.
The government of Local showed fair sport and was unanimous in its decision.
votes votes were not at the meeting of the patch, the leader of the municipality, Paul The.
The gift of of is a farm in the farm - a total of seven paragraphs.
It will be dismantling this year, with the exception of one.
Kostas has been promised to build a free for free in two years.
We have been taken up and that he has enjoyed the stay of his birth and wants to be in the future too.
Setter have had an annual sector to tell us about their sport and their life.
And hopefully it will continue to be the leader of the Convention.
The leader believes that the Bank is the financial value of EUR 40 000 - EUR 60 000.
Beach is low and friendly.
The region has been owned for ten years.
For decades, the Nastola has been a different success in the municipality of sport in the province of sport.
Matt Parviainen Parviainen and aerobics Matt in the world, Matt Matt, had their own homes and building their own homes.
They did not stay in Nastola, however, but sold their property and changed the way.
the and Matt came behind the work, and then changed the situation in the life of the life of the world.
Kostas is the origin, and his situation is different, the country is Parka and believes that Mr Bot is a permanent one in his family.
The record of Hull in the aggressor Hernández
In the case of the committee, a record amount for the procurement of the Uruguay national team, followed by the committee, has invested a record.
The Hernández Hernández will change the Italian consequences from Palermo to 9.5 million, that is to say, about EUR 12 million.
The agreement is three-year.
During the last period, Mr Hernández 14 was hit by 14 goals, when Palermo won the Serie B of the European Union.
In the case of the national team, he has done seven objectives in 14 matches.
At the end of the last summer's World Cup, Mr Hernández came into two matches to the airport.
Abel is a fantastic purchase and shows how far we have come in a short space of time, the main coach of Hull, Steve.
On Monday, the Hull said that they had also acquired the West Hampton, the captain of the Senegal national team.
Russian Space tests have failed to die of the deaths of the sex journey
In Russia's space, the five minor gecko have died, the release of the space of the Russian Federation,, Pecos.
advances were travelling by What satellite over a year and a half.
The satellite returned to the country on Monday morning in Finland.
The purpose of the Experimental was to investigate the reproduction and use of gecko in a emphasis state.
The test is one of the gecko and four heifers.
Although it sounds strange, it was a serious intention.
The effects of I on the development of gecko eggs, for example, are well known.
As a result of the impact on the GeForce, we can try to anticipate the impact that the lack of the emphasis on people will be in a similar state in the longer term, in particular in July.
the according to Pecos, the death period for gecko and the causes of the death or causes of it will be cleared up.
According to the news,, the number of passengers in the 'sex villages' has been left behind.
It is also surprising about the fact that, in the same Foto-Frost, the fruit fruit flies were able to cope with the Fishin or the winners, and they also received offspring.
France not the suspected terrorist at Nice
There was a suspicion of terrorism on the part of the man who was suspected of terrorism on Saturday.
The recruitment of a man jihadist jihadist jihadist in Syria.
The French authorities were informed on this issue on Sunday.
The authorities were able to follow a man after that had been tempted by the 16 girls girls to leave Syria.
immediate was to fly to Turkey and go beyond Syria.
The airline did not believe the girl's explanation that he was going to visit his grandmother in Istanbul, but fuss the authorities.
The authorities contacted the girl, who was completely unaware of the intentions of daughter and told the authorities that the family does not have a family in Turkey.
According to the authorities, the man is from Chechnya, but he is living in France today.
The French intelligence authorities were following the man in the past.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that the risk of radicalisation of young people in Iraq or Syria is also a risk to France.
The authorities estimate that around 800 French citizens or in France, in the last conflict, have travelled to Syria, have returned or are currently planning to enter Syria.
Transylvanian: We have a good chance of victory
The wishes of the national bandy team in the future is at stake when Finland is facing the World Cup in its second game in its second game.
If the opening up to the United States had been expected, it will be Ukraine again for those countries from which Finland should take the necessary profits.
Ukraine is a good gangs, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, Petter Transylvanian.
In the first match of the Olympic Games, Ukraine toilets in the first match of the Olympic Games to the Dominican Republic on 72.
In order to prepare the NBA Mike Mr, the under is playing for aggressive basketball.
The key player in Ukraine is the leader of the game, Mr Eugene Jet, whose sister, Jet Jet, is a world champion for 100 metres for three years.
The Dominican Republic, against the Dominican Republic, has 16 points.
Jet Jet Jet, but we are being played against them before and we need to put our standards in order, Mr Transylvanian.
The promised promised that Finland would play a better role than yesterday's defeat for the United States.
We must find our own strength.
I can guarantee that there will be a flock of wolf, the The in the field.
The Hollywood have spread spread in the have - part of the specialities
The Internet is spreading from the point of view of the mass images, which are alleged to be known to the public.
Among other things, the actor Lawrence of Mr, Mr Lawrence, have had to be the victim of the campaign.
The Easy of the German Soyuz has published a hate comment made by the Lawrence of Lawrence, which seems to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been in contact, and anyone who will publish the stolen images of Mr Lawrence in the Internet will be prosecuted, to be prosecuted.
According to the German German, Mary Mary has confirmed that the images are genuine.
He had taken these images years ago with her husband.
When I know that the images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what the effort had to do.
I sympathise with all those who were victims of hacking, he wrote the website.
Instead, an actor on the part of the player, Mr Victor, says that the images from their own name are falsified.
There are, at least, the Kate of Kate, Kirsten, Benutzer, Benutzer, Hope, Kaufmann and Teresa Palmer.
Honka was criticised by the Honka agree: 'No enough work is being done to get away from this'.
Football Club, at the moment, is at the last stage of the Champions League.
The comments made by Mr Walter Walter With, after the match match, illustrates the confusion of the current situation.
I have not had the Goaltender coach for four months.
However, everything must be adapted ', in the light of the fight against 1 to 2, which has been brought to an end.
In the first half of the time, there was a great deal of defence, particularly in the first half of the time.
With With was not a bad defence game in its minds.
transport transport has been in Hong Kong this summer and, for that reason, the defenders of the Kaplan have also changed at the pace of the densely.
Thanks to rule, many young players also have the opportunities that they do not necessarily deserve.
" Some do not do enough to move away from here ," with a view to the fact that there is no single player in the name of a single player.
In Hong the, the main coach, She,, had, to some extent, agreed with the Kaplan.
'In the case of the game, I say to certain players that if we come to Rowntree and games a player player, and we do not need to work, so I am sure that you will be in the wrong team', Mr D.
I have given many young people the time.
If they do not want to take this place and to use the opportunity, it is not my fault.
However, it also reminded us that there can be no immediate success for players when the game is constantly changing.
This period has not been two times in a row with the same composition.
In particular, there has been a change of defence at the end of the day.
That is the main reason why we are on the contrary, 'D Shawqi'.
After the defeat defeat, the Honka is a series of jumbo, on the second point, with PS with Chechnya.
There are still seven rounds of the League, so the Troop will still have time to avoid falling into the Ykkönen.
I have never done a team, and I am not going to drip now.
We are certainly not going to be fall from this series, 'agree With With With'.
Lars von Trier, after a decade of ceasefire,
Lars von Trier, von von Trier, is going to return to the TV series.
The Danish director is preparing a TV TV, Jack Thabo.
As a result of the Series project, Mrs Louise Western, who was the producer of Trier, was celebrating the Venice film.
According to the release troppo, a series of descriptions should begin in 2016.
The Trier is reported to be working on the work of this autumn.
Series is English.
It also reported in the communication on the long partner of Trier, known Jensen Municipality Municipality.
According to him, a similar series' has never been seen and never will be seen '.
please respiratory, Aalborg Jensen in a statement.
Lars von Trier, 58, has known a stir over recent years and the of of the media and their films, such as Ancient and Nymphomaniac.
After all, in the 1990s, television was a series of of.
01 15 15. It would seem, at least in the case of believe, that the Lidl chain has been given to the Finnish side, at least if it is to be seen as a result of the figures.
The turnover of the Finnish company group Finland in Finland, the turnover of the Komma company, continued to increase in the accounts at the end of February.
The company also increased its outcome.
The result in the past, in the past, is EUR 7 million, when it was in the past EUR 5 million.
The turnover increased from EUR 9 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
It was 25%.
The company has also improved its turnover from EUR 61 million to EUR 84 million.
It was a 7.1% profit.
The accounts of the German devoted Lidl will take the end of February, to the end of February.
In February, the company tells us that a tax of EUR 3.7 million has been paid to Finland in February.
The company that has been constantly expanding in the retail chain has said that it will invest in Finland this year in EUR 100 million.
In Finland, we currently have 142 Lidl and employs more than 4 000 workers.
The first shops were opened in 2002.
Buckfast Buckfast - the Micropterix of the participants
British Isabel Robertson boarfish, when he was thrown away from the cold water, that he damaged the bone of his face.
This Ice, the challenge, ended badly.
The woman has been able to take care of her Ice Buckfast, in order to make it so firm that she has been displaced.
Isabel Robertson, so hard, when he was thrown away from cold water, damage the structure of his face.
'Water was so cold that only in boarfish, but in boarfish, I felt that my Micropterix started mandibular', he says the Mirror.
water will be poured into 20 years old.
Isabella Robertson, before the accident
I tried to close my lips, but I did not have my Micropterix in locked, and then I realised that something is wrong.
Then my mother and my sister found the same thing, and I started to laugh, but I had to be East in the first place.
The British challenge of Tuesday, a 20 British, was taken to hospital, where the Micropterix was set back.
Video has become a Internet sensational, and it has been distributed thousands of times in Facebook and Twitter.
The Abdul of wolf von wolf (,):: What can be explained by the increase in the number of fans?
Today, it was a great profile.
This was said by the author Parkkonen in 1995 when Finland had played the end Euro in France against the ball the in Athens.
It has not been exaggerated.
I remember the game when it was here.
This was also the case of some 100 Finnish people who shouted 20 000 viewers, otherwise they will abstain from the noise.
What would he have said 19 years later on the Finnish World Cup, after the Ukraine match?
In Bilbao, there are eight times ten times more for the troops of the Finnish Finnish.
The European of the European Games was a period of basketball for Finnish basketball.
They opened their way to the end of the day by overcoming, among other things, Russia's selection game in the Helsinki sports House.
It is a victory for the cream of Europe.
Everything seemed to be good.
There were promising young people, such as by The.
The de Henry, the main coach, brought the team to the end of the team from lime to lime.
The solution, on which many had different opinions.
Now it can be said that Mr De was a long way off, although it did not go along with the script.
After Athens, the national basketball team has been diving.
With regard to the Finnish people in the Games in Athens, a little more than a hundred have been told.
There was a number of journalists, relatives of players, Finnish basketball drivers and a few fans.
Bilbao, too, has journalists, relatives and prepare, but there are fans there too.
And there are a lot of them.
This phenomenon has grown to incomprehensible proportions.
Nobody will be able to say a precise figure for the Finnish Games.
It is estimated that there have been between 7 500 and 10 000.
Whatever the case, it is quite incomprehensible.
This is an explanation for sport socio-economic.
In the global world, businesses are moving across borders.
In sport, there is still an opportunity to look at how we are at international level.
As we see more mobility, we can see how our girls and our son are successful in the world, says Professor Hannu It of sport.
I am sure that, both in Spain and at the World Cup, there are Finns in Poland who are seeking a experience.
Joint experience.
However, it does not explain everything.
Sport must also be a source of attraction.
It will raise the popular culture of sport.
There is a lower threshold for sport than the art of Berlin.
Without success, however, there will be no movement.
Let us return to 1995.
At the time, the basketball union and the players took the basketball union and the players, too, in a professional way.
Almost ten years have passed.
It was then the direction that changed and the national national action was taken on a pedestal.
It was the same movement that was carried out by the aircraft at the same time.
Now, both of them enjoy the fruits of their work.
As Mr It says, both species have managed to produce the top, in which the holy Trinity works: the sports sponsors.
We will also be interested in the public.
And the media have taught us what this herds of the double is, Mr It remind.
Will the species be able to make this massive interest in other other?
For average, there are hundreds or over a little more than 1 000 to the ball.
It Parkkonen, and it does not necessarily give a reply to very good species.
The second school is to believe that it is going to move.
The second is that which does not want to be fresh from poverty.
This lot is ready to go to the World Cup, but their basic thinking is not of two interest in their own country.
It is a challenge for people in a euphoria.
of to patch patch in Lake Lake
The Nastola rewards the Formula Bot of the Formula Bot.
The government has adopted 1.4 hectares of Berlemont at its meeting on Monday.
In the future, there will be a free housing for the rest of the world.
Bot has been followed by Mr Bot for the success of this experience.
He is seen as a for to market in Lahti, Lahti and Nastola.
The land of the The is located in fish, Cuculus in Lake Lake.
It has become the ownership of the as part of the larger estate trade.
There are seven building blocks in the region which are being dismantled at the expense of the Municipality by the end of this year.
In the case of the fourth Belgian in Belgium, Bot was reached, the fourth prize would be for the fourth prize and this year.
He is five points at the World Cup.
Kostas is the origin of the state and lived at the source of their childhood.
He is living in England, but always in Nastola, when there is a free ."
Kostas has been above in schools, as well as in young people.
clothing clothes - but hardly the poor
It will present and test them in New York in the context of the ongoing U.S. Open open competition.
intellectual shirts, the testing ball, but also the amateur Marco of the university players, do so.
He says that the shirt will help him to follow his own development and to regulate their recovery.
The Nail has been shirt in silver, for which information is transmitted from longest to and or from a smart phone or a computer.
Sensor measure the heart of the heart, the rhythms, stress and steps of the breathe.
what, as a central unit, will be taken from the washing to the washing machine.
The Fashion House has not given the exact time for shirt sales, nor has even hinted at its price, the Tech Times.
not is not the only company to invest in the intellectual clothes.
California's Athos has brought the intellectual shirt and intellectual short into sale.
They measure deep, breathing and muscle work.
The ideas cost one hundred dollars, and the size of the size of the size of the thumb, which they call for, will pay two hundred dollars.
Technical clothing also wrote to Red Orbiter.
save in the learned
The cost of university books in America is more than USD 1 000 for many students, so the Matt Matt, which will soon be the second year of study, will find a smart way of saving costs.
He developed a system in which students from the later years will lend their books to nominal compensation instead of selling their books in the same way.
'countries in my book would normally cost 180 dollars; I paid for its use for the whole number of the figure of 10 dollars and I support the bread', a 19 Schroeder, who is studying in Covenant in Georgia.
The Schroeder says that his book would normally cost USD 430.
Instead, he used the 120 dollars.
According to the Board of the University, the average student uses more than 1 200 dollars a year for textbooks and school products, but students have a number of means to reduce these costs.
The students are increasingly deciding to use creative approaches such as online shops and Schroeder.
More and more students rent textbooks, when they will be able to use the book for a whole period of time and pay much less than the students buying the book.
More than 250 books have been The, according to the The The, that the temporary of textbooks has doubled since 2011.
The statistics in this area reveal that, with some quarter of the books in the in shops, the chairman of the Chebotarev company, Mr Tre Meyer, is telling us.
According to the National Association of Store, less than half of all books are purchased in bookshops.
This is the simplest way to save money.
Online shops
In the shops in the shops, a new book can only receive a third of the price that it would pay for the trade in campus.
The recommendation of Paulson, Bruce and Robert Host, the recommendation of the recommendation 'Homunculus', is almost USD 290, but the network of special ," at the price of Chea," is at the price of USD 23 23.
used used
The books used are a good option if the reader does not disrupt the notes and the appearance.
For example, the 'Caldas Homunculus' book has been used for trade trade.
Ilham Young University for the last year of University Casa Casa, 25 years, says that they have bought the book 'strategic Media de MEDIA', used to use "trade in Amazon."
A new book would have paid the cost of 48 dollars.
The University of Massachusetts, College, College, Ingrid Bracey, and other academic figures recommend that students ask their professors whether the previous emphasis can be used on the course.
Sometimes, the reforms of the new emphasis are not essential for education.
In this case, the old emphasis can only find a fraction of the price, which should be paid for.
In addition to the Amazon shops, eBay "has been popular with the purchase of books.
Temporary
It is worth considering the temporary of books if there are good concerns about them, so that they can be restored, and that they do not need to be carried out in the course of the course.
by to save more than 80% of the price of the new book.
For example, the temporary of the 'Caldas' book will cost around USD 20.
I the rules of the van company, such as the contribution that has been made, highlight the use of pen and the use of the next payments.
Temporary, I am vigilant: if you forget the book, the late payment may be greater than the price of purchase.
The particular
to books, instead of ordinary paper, can also come to the question.
Sometimes these books are rent, which will be paid for the use of a book on the right to its holder, such as Amazon, Chea or Barnes and shops.
In the case of the trade in Kellogg, the 'Caldas' book 'Homunculus' - the book for six months, will be recorded in a period of six months.
According to the Bracey, many students in literature are most economical, because a number of Schiller can now be download, while books in the field of science and technology may be very expensive.
compare the different dealers is in favour, and that is what the choice is.
29, 29, which on the basis of d d right, will be recommending to make use of the Greek number, because it will be able to ensure that the right book is sought.
Before there is room for the network, I will ensure that the book is certainly in place, the Gaulider says.
He himself was the Achilles' learned.
The book he was buying was four weeks left, and he has finally got to have a book at the full cost of the university's book trade.
Tampere Legion for 20 years
The theatre in 1994 is against unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
It is welcome everyone who wants to make the art of the art.
Organised is a hobby for the long-term unemployed for the ages of 17 and 35.
The proposals often take a position on society.
In recent years, there has been a Modal of depression Department, Modal railway, I humorous, humorous narcissism and classic.
The belief that every person can change their own life.
Almost twice the number of people killed in the fire compared with the last year
In the case of fires, almost twice the number of people has died this year, compared with the last year.
According to the the media (S) media monitoring, 55 people have already died in the fire in the fire in 49 different fires.
At the same time, there were 31 deaths in the last year.
The majority of the deaths, 36, have been men.
There have been 11 years of age.
The fire of the organisation, according to the statistics, was a worse situation last year in 2009, when, by the end of August, 64 people were killed in the fires.
The majority of fire deaths are in housing.
There have been 17 fire deaths, in their own homes, in 21, and in other small houses.
It is reminiscent of the issue of fire safety in the home.
In any case, it would be the case that the home of all the home of the home would be able to ensure that they were able to work.
Furthermore, everyone should check that the early fire-fighting instruments are easy to use.
There must also be an unhindered exit route from all the homes in the home.
Children should also be told what electronic equipment they have to use when they are alone at home.
NATO Summit: the first protests in New gates and Cardiff
The opponents of NATO summit are protesting in New gates last weekend.
as hundreds of people met in the New gateway to the centre of the city of NATO.
On Sunday, around 150 people met with a meeting of the Cardiff City Hall.
Stephen Fair, the Gough, followed the events at the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators who had been here even up to Belgium.
Young people were rescued by air from the Australian Symphony
CSI Merpati, the CSI Merpati, were raised to ensure that they were blocked in the Symphony mountains in the new new in Australia.
The girl of girls and the 18 man, who is the 18 man, is going to migrate after Sunday, BG, for the in Black.
They were concerned about young people who were not back home and called the police for eight.
The search for local police and help was sent to look for young people, and the duo was found at around Veil Veil.
It was a violation of his generation, and the man had fallen and the.
The police took the night, and they were brought to security on Monday morning.
The come were taken on the Blue Mountain hospital in the ambulance, and they were stable.
Ukrainian soldiers from Airport
The Ukrainian forces have withdrawn from Luhansk airport.
According to the Ukrainian army, the soldiers were given a step.
According to Ukraine, parachute have been fiercely brought together by Russian tanks on the ground.
The representative of the army, according to the army, has been so precise that it is likely that there are Russian professional soldiers.
During the last 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Yesterday, in the Azov Sea, the Ukrainian patrols vessel sank in the morning, a border guards.
Eight maritime soldiers have been saved and two are still missing.
There was no certainty at the border, where the beginning was shot.
The The said yesterday in the social media that they were shot at the start.
According to Russian Foreign Minister, Mr Sergei Lavrov, Russia will not attack Ukraine.
However, Mr Lavrov insisted that the Ukrainian forces should immediately withdraw to their positions, which could not be the case for civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister, in the negotiations in Minsk today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE, there should be an immediate ceasefire without conditions.
Mr Lavrov also reminded us that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
Firstly, we will protect our own interests, our economy, the social sector, our companies.
At the same time, we will also draw conclusions from the actions of our partners, Mr Lavrov.
The rain of the Malmö and the Copenhagen floods
the were floods on Sunday in Malmö and in Copenhagen, when heavy rainfall was whip by South Sweden and Denmark.
The floods broke a number of roads, confused transport and buried cars.
On Sunday, the authorities estimate that there may be a relax of the flood, even though the rain was predicted to be on Monday.
The were surprised by the Swedish authorities, and there was no advance notice of the weather.
on of the Finnish Finnish Institute for Finland, the Black of the Black, the rain of the rain in the region was very local.
The Rain appears to be narrow and permanent.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
French Socialists should 'be silent and help France', the main supporter of Franco Holland
The Vals called for a deeply divided left to 'show their feelings' with the Socialist President, who did not have the approval of the French majority in the composition of the new government.
The President deserves all respect, he deserves our faith, our support.
'It is our job to stay alongside him', the Vals said and deserved a applause.
As a gesture of avoided, the Prime Minister asked the government to leave peace to the peace of the French controversial week, despite the much-debated proposal of the new economic minister, in the past week, that the rule should be relaxed.
as Holland asked the socialists to act together with the government.
However, the Minister of Justice, Mr Christian Taubira, caused disagreement by the appearance of the representatives of the Socialist people who tabled different opinions and criticise the Socialist Party for allowing 'France to abandon its hope for the future'.
The leader of the extreme National Front, Mari Le Pen, flouted the constant confrontation between the socialists and said that I believe that the new government would not be sustainable for a few months.
, has perhaps gone to war, but also Mr Vals, who has a duty to form a new government after the previous one did not even take the summer.
'new the new government in the autumn or winter', Mr Le Pen said to journalists.
He repeated his party's proposal to dismantle the representative of the Parliament, and was sure that his party was able to win electoral victory in the early elections, and he would be prepared to lead a party.
The French dominant party suffered a crushing defeat in the March elections and the extreme right held the list at the top of the European elections in May.
According to the opinion of the I newspaper on Sunday, 76% of French people believe that the Socialist Party may break down a number of competing groups before the end of the period of 20 in 2017.
The political researcher Pascal Per Chateau has warned that the French will soon lose their patience unless the new socialist government manages to improve the economy and the record high unemployment.
'There is a small chance of success, but the public should see quickly that the change is happening', he warned.
Otherwise, the situation can become even worse.
The Po were deceived by the Finnish transfer, Nina money, Pekka Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack Pack.
Tomorrow, the Finnish programme published on the Facebook page on the Facebook recording on Thursday.
Video the have been Kirsi by Aarno and Nina been, and the Pekka Snake are trying to recording the Finnish advertising advertising for the next day, but the recording is not going to be completely pipeline.
transfer transfer, when he tries to say the word 'budget', and his Amphipoea of Amphipoea, Snake and money will lose time and time again.
And these heroes should be allowed to take place again tomorrow, tomorrow, in the update of the Finnish of Finland.
The video has become very popular in Facebook, both crack and distributed in Facebook over 10 000 times.
The picture described Jorma K9 Snake, 68, was in a series in a series of 1896 in 1972.
The Prime Minister of Israel is the Prime Minister of Israel.
On the streets of Helsinki in the streets of Helsinki, the champion of the Socialist of the Socialist was held in May 1971.
It was a huge number of Heads of State and of the security measures.
When Gold Meir in toilet, seven bodyguard took part.
However, at the beginning of the meeting we had a lot of five minutes.
I raised this picture at four metres.
The light and the background were in the case.
As soon as I understand it, this time I was able to succeed.
I see that it is obvious that the leaders of the Middle East have been difficult to do so in the past.
In this way, the competition between people who are known to be known or the events has been taken in the competition.
It is good that it is now possible to succeed in other images, as long as there is the idea and the visual struggle.
This is the second best picture I have taken.
The best is the fall of the of the of the Munich Olympic Games.
I did not send it to competition.
I: the Aarnio investigation has already cost more than EUR 5 million
The legality of the activities of the Helsinki police unit has already cost more than EUR 5 million, calling for 30 to 50 years of work.
This was the case with the Rajamäki of the Rajamäki Rajamäki in the work of the village universities.
The border is proposing that the legal control of the legality of the police and the fight against crime could be significantly improved by combining the technical systems of investigations and the judicial system.
According to the border, the present technology will enable the use of criminal material to be used.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which information to be collected in order to investigate the crime is automatically in line with electronic evidence, and at the same time allows for a comprehensive rule of law.
The argument will be checked on Saturday.
The: food food food was forgotten about the school food: 'Plant diet and chicken foods'.
The image of the Parikkala of the women journey in the social media in the social media tells us on its website.
Plant footballers!
The school lunch lunch is the fish and chicken chicken.
Only when there is meat on the list will we be able to produce a vegetable alternative!
That is what it says about the school wall, the 15 years old in the old statement.
I would like to say that I would like to look at this.
The image of the social media has led the people to send a indignation to the municipality of Pirkkala.
The Disarmament, the head of the food and purity service, says that the tag of the wall is not true and should have been removed.
Apparently, in the past, I have sometimes had such an idea, which has been discussed in due course with health care.
Every pupil gets a meal in the same way, he says.
Today, in schools in Pirkkala, pupils are only provided with vegetable food, with the permission of parents and the diet of medical or health care.
The can justify a solution to the issue of the fact that the experiments of young people may be left out of nutrition, and the absence of meat or chicken can give rise to surprised pupils' parents.
Allegra of the Allegra Allegra of the Prestige
Line Line, the third largest cruise cruise in the world, is holding talks in order to buy their competitors from the three billion dollars of the The International The.
With trade, the Norte company, which has a market value of 6.8 billion dollars, would have the luxury of the luxury cruise and the wealthy customers in continuing competition from the Royal, Ltd and, Corpus.
According to the sources, the information on the possible agreement may be published this week, but it is also possible that negotiations will not produce results.
The owner of the Prestige, the private capital company, Apollo L L, which also owns 20% of the Allegra company in the Norte.
They did not want their names to be made public, because the negotiations do not take place in public.
The Allegra of Norwegian and the Prestige, the representatives of the Allegra companies, did not respond to the requests and the Apollonius representative refused to comment.
the Allegra, the Norte company, has 13 cruise boats, which will cover the map of the map of North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, the Mediterranean and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13% from 2012 to 2013, with a turnover of USD 2.5 billion.
The Prestige, the Prestige, is the also of Miami, the sailing Ocean and Regent brand, with a total of eight cruise boats, and the road map covers Scandinavia, Russia, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was USD 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
It is expected that the cruise cruise industry will be expected to benefit from the growth of emerging economies in the coming years, such as China and India.
They are competing to get the top priority of these new customers when they complain about the cruise.
The Prestige registration market in the United States has been registered in January 2014.
The Apollo has owned the majority of the company's shares after the trade in 2007, which was USD 850 million.
The Allegra of Norwegian was set up in the current composition of Ghent B (T. D), and the latter is the Kok billionaire Thabo Thabo Thabo Thabo.
It invested a billion dollars in the Norte Allegra company in 2008.
The Allegra list of Norwegian list was a public company in January 2013.
According to the information published, the Ghent accounts for 28% of the company, the 20% and private capital investment company, Threshold BG, accounts for 8% of the end of June.
The Allegra companies in my, the Royal Royal, and Norte cruise, represent 82% of the US cruise capacity, which is reflected in the registration document published by the Prestige in connection with the issuing of shares in the Allegra company.
The Tampere Government is dealing with this issue today.
Animals hope for a strong support for the initiative from the city.
In the case of the leader leader, the Tampere I in Tampere, there is a danger that Mrs del's in Finland and the world should come to an end quickly.
Fortunately, in recent years, the world has fortunately taken a general view that the del of developed mammals such as dolphins in del Calvary is not animal welfare or ethically sustainable.
This view would also be given to Tampere.
The abolition of Calvary is not only a question of animal justice, but also a question of the image of Tampere as a tourist destination.
According to the risk, the death of the Daphne dolphin will strengthen the requirements for the dismantling of del Calvary.
The death of Daphne is a sad continuation of the dark history of Särkänniemi del's.
It is time to put a stop, to close the dolphins prison and to make it clear how the dolphin of Tampere could be transferred to the border area, a kind of dolphin safe home, the risk of condemned.
The Daphne did not have time to return to the original body of dolphins, but hopefully the remaining dolphins in the peninsula peninsula will be able to experience a more than a impetus, a impetus, the risk of a condemned.
Animal protection, the aim of the animal welfare union, is to ban the use of all wild animals in the circus for the overall reform of the animal protection law that is being prepared.
This is also the case for Mrs del's.
In support of the requirement, the Animal, the condemned, is in danger of taking part in a demonstration today on 1 9.
The demonstrations in the Japanese Embassy in Helsinki will take a position against the hunting of the dolphin in Japan.
During the period, some 2 300 dolphins are being imprisoned or killed every year, either for the use or for food of the for.
Putin calls for negotiations on the new state with East Ukraine to be opened with East Ukraine.
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, insisted on Sunday that the Ukrainian Government will end the battles in the east of the country and immediately start negotiations on the 'asset' of the outgoing region, the sources of news in Russia.
His representative, Dmitry Pest, clarified the fact that Mr Putin did not mean that the eastern Ukrainian region of the separatist country should be part of Russia, but that its role in Ukraine should be reconsidered in order to allow the population of the Russian-speaking region to defend their own rights and interests.
The demands made by Mr Putin to Kiev in the negotiations with Russian rebels, as an equal negotiating partner, responds to his obvious strategy, since the violence started five years ago: he is trying to help the region and forces the Ukrainian Government to make the independence, which will allow it to go to Russia rather than the West.
In an interview with state Canal, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's attempts to powers the Eastern Donetsk and Luhansk region of the separatist Donetsk and Luhansk huge in March and April in Moscow on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently seen the 'new instead of Novo', 'new Russia' - this term reminds us of the glorious days of Russia " s great revolutions.
The Russian news agency, according to Mr Putin, said that the planned peace negotiations are 'illusion', as long as the Ukrainian politicians are taking campaigns for the parliamentary elections on 26 October, and the government forces are attacking civilians in separatist areas.
" " 'We need to start extensive negotiations, not only on technical issues, but also on the organisation of society and the status of the countries of south-east Ukraine, which will take account of the interests of the people who live there.
the, Putin's reference to 'property' is linked to greater independence, which has been discussed in months with the leadership of Kiev in trying to dispel the fears of the Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and linguistic rights would be threatened.
Only the Ukrainian Government can give the eastern regions the independence they need, Pest.
There can be no debate on this issue between Ukraine and Russia, Pest, 'because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine'.
The between remark by the Kremlin, which was intended to correct the 'wrong interpretation' of Mr Putin's comments, emphasised that the Russian administration is dealing with the separatist uprising of the eastern regions in a different way, when it is in practice an enormous area of the majority of the population of 2 million people.
It would be much more difficult for Moscow to include itself in Donetsk or Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, because the majority of the 6.5 million people living in the region are not the Russians, and, according to the opinion polls prior to the conflict, the majority of the population was in favour of maintaining Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats have discussed in international fora, would allow the local authorities in Ukraine to agree on their own trade agreements and external relations, which would give the Kremlin in practice a power in the area of Russian Crimea.
The Black Sea Peninsula, which was linked to Russia five months ago, is based on the Russian main fleet, the port areas of commercial shipping and historical coastal areas.
In the region between Russia and the Crimean region, there are also mines, factories and metallic lightning which produce vital products for the Russian army.
The President of Ukraine, Petro Timoshenka, proposed in his speech on 7 June that the Ukrainian legislators - after the new elections - are considering changes to the Constitution in order to increase the power of the regions in different areas from their own economy and languages.
However, his vision of his independence seems to be radically different from that of the Kremlin and Moscow, perhaps weapons and up by Moscow.
Mr Putin expressed his latest request to the government of Kiev to negotiate with Russian rebels as equal partners after the rebels moved further by Russian tanks and troops in eastern Ukraine in the past in the Azov Sea coast.
The Ukrainian security authorities are afraid that the involvement of the separatist Novo Brest-Litovsk Brest-Litovsk, supported by Russia, is the beginning of a greater effort to powers the whole of a strategic coastal zone.
It has led to the strengthening of the Mari city of Mari,, which, in half a million inhabitants, is known as the produce port of Novo Brest-Litovsk and the Crimean region of Crimean.
On Saturday, in Brussels, I spoke to the leaders of the European Union for additional measures to prevent Russia's future violations in Ukraine, the former Republic of the Soviet Union, which has been independent for 23 years.
'We will soon reach a point where there is no return', the Rangifer warned.
There are thousands of soldiers and tanks in the Ukrainian region.
The EU Summit did not take direct action; the leaders made additional sanctions so that they can be put in place if the crisis in Ukraine up in unclear circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in the region of two Russian anti-tank units and 1 000 soldiers last week to strengthen the separatists separatists, General Andriy, the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council, told journalists on Saturday in Kiev.
According to the Lysenko, the first Russian parachute in the surrounded Ukraine in Ukraine were replaced by 10 Russian parachute, which were imprisoned in Ukraine a week ago.
Mr Zver's opening target was made by the Japanese Who, Honda by seven minutes.
The second half of the time hit the Riley Nefertari, and a little later, Jeremy The.
Since the end of the game, Lazio has been reduced to the end of the game at the end of the game, but the country, Diego Lopez, was rejected by Mr Antonio signal.
The Lopez moved to Milan in the case of Real Madrid.
In the San Siro de de de, the San Stadium was only half.
39 000 viewers were reported to the public.
the and and Gabinia the Gresham image of the scandal picture in the round
Mr Niclas has said that it has been am, perhaps stolen from his Uyezd and the Hollywood A list, Gabinia Gresham.
In the world, there has been one in the world after a number of Mr of Mr Lawrence published a broad Famous in the Internet as a result of the scandal hacking.
The Hacker has been said to be in a total of 60 sector image of the star game and other superpower, such as top and Cara Pargneaux, singer, Benutzer Grande and Lea Michelle and actor Dunstan.
We also have pictures of the Australian Gresham, Emily Brown, Emily Brown, Strahov and Melbourne.
There are 101 Famous on the list.
whether whether, in the last month, said to the newspaper of Confide, 'this is sickening'.
All personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private data can be stolen and disseminated.
The Gresham in New York is reported to have been reported in the online newspaper 'shameful' and said that the victims' feel sacrilege '.
The Hacker is believed to be 30 examples of Palmer McMillan-Scott McMillan-Scott, including two introduction, on the periphery of the Palmer.
The film films include, among other things, the film 'Love and Honoré' response to the Hemming Ashworth.
yesterday, actor Brown, the actor actor actor, did not comment on the hacking images yesterday.
Lawrence said to the German newspaper that 'this is an arrogant violation of privacy'.
Seth Robert Robert Tantawy. 'The publication of images images does not differ in any way from the sale of stolen products'.
The publication of images images should not be made possible, even from a legal point of view.
Finland played nearly as in the home, and it was a sensational victory for Cuba at the World Cup at the World Cup.
We see the images of the fans euphoria.
The Polish Katowice was white on Monday: no Polish red white, but a Finnish blue white.
Finland " s victory in the S Republic Republic, according to STT-AFP, is a Finnish supporter.
It was as if it had been playing at home.
That was the big influence that we had, the captain of Finland, Mrs Anita, said to the STT-AFP.
Finland was in the game out of 0, but it was a victory for the 3.
In a quarter of a quarter, Finland made a miracle, at the end of the six points.
It was led by 16 to 10, but after it, the Finns received the ecstatic.
However, a few hundred Finnish fans had to be disappointed when the charter machine was unable to count on the hard of the Katowice.
It was therefore late for the fans in Warsaw delayed the game.
The Finnish ball the have invaded Europe in a hard way over the last few days.
In Spain in Bilbao, at the World Cup, there are more than 8 000 Games at the World Cup.
As if all the Finnish basket had been a victory for the victory of the match, the star Curry Curry praise the Finnish basket after a Saturday match.
The delegation of the delegation will not be sent out of direct technical problems because of the technical problems.
The meeting of the Kouvola city council is not in a position to be broadcast on the basis of the have.
According to the communication, broadcasting is not possible because of the technical problems.
The city of Kouvola regrets the situation.
The latter can be seen as a meeting in a few days' time.
council city council meetings have been able to look at the Internet from the beginning of the year.
For the next time, it will be possible to follow the decision on 13 and 13 2014.
The delegation's delegation will be able to find a address / website / website / adults prevention / pathos / council, YouTube and Kouvola.
