Juankosken relates to the city at the beginning of the year 2017 kuopion city.
The City Council unanimously approved the kuopion board on Monday.
The City Council approved the annexation juankosken last week.
In the joint of the tackling was also involved, but the governors tuusniemen decided that tuusniemi will continue as an independent.
Teknia and decide on the next municipality elections juankoski in respect of the implementation of the individual.
Municipal elections will be held next in 2016.
After joining juankosken kuopion has a population of around 111 000.
The prime ministers of India and Japan will meet in Tokyo
Divya Narendra Modi, India's new prime minister will meet with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo to discuss economic and security relations, in his first major foreign visit since the May election victory.
As Modin five-day Japan visit is intended to strengthen economic relations with the world's third largest economy.
In the top of the list of subjects for discussion are plans for an expanded nuclear cooperation.
India is also said to be interested in the defense cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine troops shooting at civilians.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the Kiev leadership that this refusal of direct political talks with the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The current Kiev leadership does not want to implement essential political debate to the east of the country, Putin said, according to the news agency Itar Tassin.
He also said that Russia, which Kiev and the separatists of nationalist west said of the Russian army, the Ukrainian troops were trying to push further away from their current seats, which Mr Putin said that the Ukrainian army forces firing at civilians.
The aim is to push the fighters out of the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get a chance to shoot the people in the region, Putin said.
The incident took place on Friday and Saturday in the ryrmikorjaamolla.
It was surprised that people came from very early in the evening.
The visitors had two days as expected, Tom promottori fabric says.
The river wall hip-hop festival, held for the third time.
Next year.
We are going to continue to be a hip-hop festival, pop music is not in the fabric, we assure you.
In Finland, enters into force on Tuesday, the law, which restricts the manufacture of weapons-grade materials, the purchase of explosives.
In future, individuals must apply for a permit from the government to buy or keep possession of such substances, which could be used in explosives, during the so-called precursors.
Such substances are hydrogen peroxide, nitro methane, nitrous acid, potassium chlorate, sodium chlorate and sodium perchlorate kaliumperkloraatti, as well as those containing certain mixtures if the concentration of values are exceeded.
Hydrogen peroxide, for example, is cleaning and detergents, but not in the concentrations of it normally does not exceed the limit values.
Nitro methane, for example, is used for acceleration.
Before the entry into force of the law available starting materials can, however, hold and use the 2 March 2016.
George Webster nairnin pitlochryn hotel Accused of Rape
In the hotel the two rape defendants awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard charges against Glasgow in the higher court of justice during the session.
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the province located perthshiren pitlochryn Scotland's hotel on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking a woman in this state, in unconscious "ollessa sleep, and is thus unable to make decisions for themselves. "
Webster is also accused of another rape in the Highlands in the Golf View Hotel in nairnissa 4 May 2014.
Judge Lady Rae, in accordance with the decision of the trial will be held on 17 November in Edinburgh in a higher court.
The Committee on the league: Super Raheem was Mario was in the shadow - Premier League - evening messages
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling again showed why he is regarded as a hope for the future of English football.
At White Hart Lane on Sunday, the atmosphere was electric when Mario balotellilla strengthened Liverpool came to Tottenham as a guest.
Super Mario was a promising debut: England experienced journalists saw the 24 year-old Italian, who has done field work in a very different attitude than Manchester City at a time.
Balotelli was far from their peak condition.
The Italians lost three seats on the quality of the finishing and the bait of their 16 only half the pitch for his own team.
Players already have their favourite pool supporters waiting in the future.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers planted to balotellin Luis Suarez to travel to Barcelona for the team secondly aggressor daniei sturridgen alongside.
As a team, as a star, rather than the field average was sparkly balotellin Raheem Sterling is the tip of the diamond, which poked 3 0 profit important opening goal past Hugo llorisin.
Sterling, 19, did not shine in their only power.
Balotellia 20 inches shorter than the Englishman's opponents between lines like a fish in water.
There is no common feature to the players, who flies in on the lawn at around 34 kilometres per hour.
Rodgers also deserves great praise Sterling's development.
The Northern Irishman said after the match, Liverpool's systematic development of Wembley in just growing luoteislontoolaisesta kiitäjää put a more complete player.
Susanna mälkki was chosen for Helsinki city orchestra conductor - "I'm more than happy and proud."
In Helsinki, the city government has decided to appoint susanna- mälkin Helsinki City Orchestra to orchestra over the next conductor from autumn 2016.
The papers, including the Los Angeles timesiä have asked what the orchestra he will take next.
Susanna mälkki will start in his new role, happy and proud.
The city of Helsinki, the orchestra has been at the core of our country's role in the musical life for more than a century, including a large number of kantaesittämällä Sibelius's music.
The Finns have the best orchestra conductor and I have worked with many of the band members in the past.
I look forward to our future cooperation, "he said.
Employees in organisations in the administration of the pension negotiations - the size of the country - regions - News - Karjalainen
Today, let's get to the pension negotiations a new impetus to the trade unions, own the meet.
Employees organisations sak:n akavan sttk:n on governance, and in the morning, the negotiating situation.
After that, the pension negotiations to continue.
Social spending is, among other things, the dispute over the pension age to life expectancy.
Organisations have agreed to a settlement by the autumn, but according to the most recent estimate, it would be this week.
Pihtipudas pliers.
The women's league team rovaniemeläinen air woman volley fell to athletes in the league, a Comer vampulan pihtiputaan drill in the finals tournament on Sunday.
Vampula snapped five a drawn-out fight for 3 2 victory.
The wovo lost 11 of 15.
A neighbor was always one step ahead.
The fight was good, but the defense in the game and in the pass game vampula was slightly better, the coach saw wovon mäkikyrö Teemu.
6 wovon risainen was that "tall American Jennifer amerikkalaissentteri Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
The sentterinä played Sara Niemi.
Winifred kyilönen had their thumb injuries despite game and Johanna pekkarinen wovon came with a dynamic combination.
As Jenna started hakkurina average hill had to make room for Jana jaudzemalle to the last tranche of 1, 5.
The best part was the talented Russian vampulan venäläispassari and libero hillaelina Hamalainen, the wovo around as much as possible.
Wovon preparing for next weekend in the league continued when the Hämeenlinna EEV comes to training camp to Rovaniemi.
The team will face on Saturday in the "official" kauppiksella at 18 a game.
On Sunday, in the face of the Sports Academy again.
In boxing, Lidl Finland loser-iffic figures
The Finnish company, the turnover of shops grew in February at the end of closed accounts during the year almost 25% to almost EUR 2 billion.
The company published its results data on Monday.
The lidlillä in Finland now has a total of 142 shops, and enlargement will continue.
Lidl also told me that the cost from an account of the last months flnland taxes almost 14 million euros.
Lidl Finland belongs to the German group Lidl.
The company has more than 200 employees in Finland 4.
The ovarian cancer die in more sparsely populated areas more difficult of late diagnosis and access to treatment for
As Angelina Jolie, and his brother James have published a video tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia women living in rural areas are at higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than those who live in cities.
The researchers went through the more than 1100 Australians in 2005 in ovarian cancer diagnosed the woman's medical records and said that only 35% of women - more than five years after diagnosis.
The head of QIMR Berghofer scientist Susan Jordan Medical Research Institute The centre confirms that the sparsely populated and remote areas who live as women and 20% more likely to die during the study than women who live in urban areas.
New drugs may slow down the small tutkimus: lung and ovarian cancer.
The researchers went through the history of the women's health for seven years.
A doctor Susan Jordan, according to the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, ovarian cancer, earlier disease and socioeconomic status influenced survival.
The older women and cancer is a widespread diagnosis and a survival probability was small.
In the sparsely populated and remote areas who live as women and 20% more likely to die during the study than women who live in urban areas.
The study did not attempt to explain why women living outside the cities are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan as possible causes of delayed diagnosis and more difficult hoitoonpääsyä.
"gynaecological oncology specialist doctors manage this disease the best, and their reception, mostly located in large cities," Jordan said.
Although the distance services treatments are becoming more common and the importance of distance, the researchers suggest doctors increased mobility specialist, so doctors can treat patients closer to their homes, as well as programmes, which support far away from home to take care of patients.
According to the study, Dr Jordan of women with ovarian cancer in the long-term survival rate is not good, irrespective of geographical location, which highlights the need for better treatments and better cancer prevention programs.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer charity organization, funded the study published today in The Medical Journal of Australia Journal.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 in gold coastissa live mother at Elisha neavella found malignant ovarian cancer.
Rovaniemi city wants to strengthen the role of the formula in the Park of friendship -luge Park, which is located next to the hotel in the north of the court.
The city government decided on Monday that the friendship of the park and its surroundings in the formula, the proposal will see the public service spot to pointer.
The formula calls for opinions on the proposal from the Committee on the environment, and the Lapland Ely centre.
The formula will change the status of the city wants to allow tourism activities in the area of moottorikelkkailla.
Here's to a park area, which includes the existing friendship and its parks and river areas.
There will be a proposal on 15 November and 30 April more than 200 permanent engine cradle.
The region shall invest to certain of also fueling points.
The new park would also allow maintenance of transport.
The city of Rovaniemi has rented Friendship Park for safari companies to use moottorikelkkailla winter.
The rental agreement has been renewed in the last spring of 2014, and the treaty is in place by the spring of 2018.
-luge Park and formula change has provoked a loud expression of resistance.
Residents of neighbouring flats have been näre weather so as voice concerns about emissions.
Emissions in the region, however, is not in the report, the guidelines are observed.
The new equipment is old and low emissions.
Friendship Park in the car park area of support, that, if a starting place would be transferred back to the hotel, safari Safari drive to customers starting in the bus, which had an estimated 15 departure a day.
Friendship Park and near the town, according to the geometry of the environment is also broad enough to respond better than starting places in places such as bridges to the east side of the boat and the pier ounasjoen vierus.
Friendship Park is its location, on behalf of the good, therefore, that the action will in future be able to, for example, enlargement ounaspaviljongin region.
The establishment of the park is part of the strategy adopted by the City Council, the city of Rovaniemi, in town, among other things, the aim is to create a framework for entrepreneurial activity and sufficient quality of the logistical and operational areas for the cheap seats.
Friendship Park is listed as a motor starting place in the centre of the sledding is also part of the formula, which has not yet received any legal force.
The rate of decline in garden stores
Apartment owners, in particular, the reduction in the number of children under the age of 35, the group could lead to garden shops, a reduction in turnover of tens of millions of consumers, when today's young people reach the age of horticulture sales "pääkohderyhmän. "the Financial Times said the British horticulture industry trade association, the Horticultural Trades Association (point) research.
The Financial Times, according to the report, the housing asunnonvuokraajat used to gardening only 55% of the apartment owners from using the money.
In the study it was revealed also that more people live in the most urbanised flats with no gardens, and the garden as a whole is decreasing, while the front yard paved with more and more as a place to park, and these factors are threatening horticulture, whose value is estimated at about 5 billion pounds a year.
In the London region of housing ownership has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and there's the horticultural products spent the least money per household in the whole of the country.
And to British horticulture hta:n (RMP), according to the Association of rental housing increase or decrease in the size of the Garden does not mean, however, that people can not grow crops.
In rhs:n leading horticultural advice Guy Barter said, 'for example, transfer the potato crops in containers are particularly popular among housing asunnonvuokraajien, because these dishes can be educational, if necessary, to move in. "
According to a report years hta:n 1997-2005 were horticulture sector via the retail boom, because of housing ownership and wealth by the end of the 1980s to the mid 1990s.
The report also predicted that the trade should pick up this year thanks to better weather last year, March and April the weather is poor.
Turkey Questioning American diplomats for spying report
The Turkish foreign ministry has summoned the country's most experienced diplomat in the United States to report to the report, the United States and Britain carried out espionage in Turkey.
The deputy prime minister, according to the American Embassy bulentin Affairs nurse and the Turkish authorities discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and The Intercept, the online magazine, have written that the US National Security Agency, the National Security Agency (NSA), the former analyst Edward Snowden leaked documents revealing the turkey is in the United States and the United Kingdom, the main target of the intelligence services of spying.
The Turkish news agency, according to the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all the big countries spy on each other.
An earlier report from the head of the German secret service for espionage in Ankara by the angry reaction in Turkey to the government.
In Cannes winner flnnlsh Croze In New Film
In a number of successful films have Canadian actress Marie josée croze's head attached to a woman in new flnnlsh film.
Croze's acting in director Michael kuparisen film, Night 2 in the morning, which will start filming this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes Film Festival The Best Woman in the main part of the prize for her role in the film as a barbaric invasion in 2003.
He has appeared in, among other things, Steven Spielberg's film Munich, as well as Julian schnabelin film a butterfly in a glass dome.
2 in the morning and night to man the main part of the film's Mikko nousiainen.
The film gets its next evening Finland in September 2015.
The police chief accused of corruption magalufin Majorca
The case has given evidence to the police and city government officials calviàn blackmail in Majorca, the Public Prosecutor's Office on Friday.
The holiday island of Majorca, the police chief has been arrested calviàn as wet magalufin area known to party and bar owners of the movement by the accusations of corruption as a result.
More than lnspector José Antonio Navarro was in custody after a number of Punta Ballena street business owners raised corruption charges against him. Punta Ballena street is located in most of the bars and night clubs magalufin.
Published online in the Journal of the Majorca daily Diario, according to evidence given in the case of the police and city government officials calviàn blackmail in Majorca anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
The Spanish Civil Guard arrested two other local police in corruption charges, and they're asking the judge together with Navarro.
In the whole of the country appeared daily newspaper ABC wrote on night club owners furious authorities of bias, which significantly complicate their business activities.
"in question is no longer survival, but money ', one of the business owners told the court.
You do not destroy our way of life.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf is in many countries the headlines this summer when, in the YouTube video spread online, where 18 of 24 British holidaymakers had sex with a man "crawlin pub at a time.
The island authorities have since been trying to curb magalufin holidaymakers get drunk and controlled use of alcohol by reducing the notorious nkäryisten crawlien pub, the number of participants.
In addition, Playhouse nightclub, where the sex video, was ordered to shut down for a year, and to the night club owners and the organisers for pub crawlin carnagelle were ordered to jointly pay 55 euros a ticket.
Above all, the young British tourists in the popular tourist destination among magalufin has become popular with the so-called "balconing trend, which has caused a number of accidents due to alcohol consumption, when people have jumped from the balcony to another or from a balcony into the hotel swimming pool.
The Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip region returned to school on Monday after spending the summer in bomb shelters, with rockets and mortars bombarded their community in 50 days of war between Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed in the region recover from the fighting.
The schools opening and joy and excitement caused in the rocket shelling southern Israeli communities, but the tracks are still visible.
In the south, in the city of Ashdod Pashosh nursery workers removed the shrapnel marks on the walls and slide before the arrival of the monstrous rocket hit home for the day.
We have a little fear but our "also excitedaroundhere 'ronin, says Bart, who lives in a kibbutz Saad, an Israeli commune, and works as an English teacher in the city schools.
For many of these children need routine.
On BART's 11 year-old daughter Shani thinks Bart's return to school for a long time to feel strange "hieman '.
We have had between "difficult times when we left home anywhere, 'he says.
The President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz close to the Gaza border to offer their support.
Last week, before the start of the cease-fire, thousands of residents in border areas such as saadin community were confined indoors or fled from their homes to safer areas further from Gaza to escape their rocket and mortar fire.
Many of the Gaza Strip near the front of the Nahal Oz community residents are sceptical about the return of Palestinians in a grenade killed a boy aged 4.
The Education Ministry of the ten families had not yet been returned.
The children of these families have so far invested in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, near the Gaza border town, which was the subject of heavy palestiinalaistulituksen.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised that security will be taken care of, and education about "lasten '.
Israel and Hamas agree to open-ended cease-fire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire stopped fighting immediately, but it will not bring a solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas' demand of the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza air and sea routes opening up again.
Israel wants to disarm Hamas to disarm and return the two Israeli soldiers died in the war in the body.
In Egypt, a new round of direct talks expected to start later this month.
Palestinians and the UN estimates that the war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has a different view of the number of dead to at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it has not been hard evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians died, including, among other things, Thai workers.
Hamas and the other soldiers in the fighting in Gaza fired a rocket and a grenade 4 591 to Israeli cities, mostly in the south.
For its part, the Israeli army carried out more than 5,000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks destroyed or damaged thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250, 000 people fled to the protection of the UN to maintain more than 100 schools that had been transformed into a temporary protection.
Tens of thousands of people are still in shelters, and the fighting continued, school authorities moved the start of school in the previous week.
"school opens, I hope that as soon as we get back to school, just like other children in the world, and just as Jewish children in the Gaza Strip," said the school in the town of protected live 13-year-old Mohammad Amara.
In general, use of the meter, according to the house prices have risen the most in seven years as the Australian winter months.
Australian capital city house prices skull-brain-injuries RP Data CoreLogic hedonic housing price index rose by 1.1% in August, showed the rp:n information on Monday.
The increase over June, July and August, for a total price increase of 4.2%, which is more than in the same months of 2007.
The annual price increase was 10, 9%, which is more than two times greater than in August 2013 for 12 months, but prices have not risen evenly around the country.
RP Data research director Tim lawlessin in Sydney and Melbourne at the top of the rise in prices.
RP Data's results show that house prices rose in Sydney, 16, and 1 per cent in Melbourne and 11, 7% over the previous year.
Adelaide and Darwin, brisbanen housing market is lively; the rise in the cost of an average five to six per cent.
The weakest housing market is in Canberra, where prices increased by just 1.4% in the year as a result of government spending cuts.
According to lawlessin in Australia started to spring more as the number of housing sales in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"given the volume of housing sales increase, generally lively pace of sales and the continuing low level of interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue for the next three months," Lawless says.
The new museum has drawn record audiences Gösta mänttään
The new museum of the art and film have drawn record audiences this summer to mänttään.
In the museum's art serlachiuksen by the end of August to more than 70, 000 people.
New Gösta Museum opened in June, and there has been, among other things, classic pop art works of Andy and Roy warholilta lichtensteinilta.
Mäntän picture art week again told me to make a record visitors on Monday, when the event was Hetkinen this summer have visited 14 500 interest.
The tälläisiin figures is not used to.
Violence is lapannut of doors and windows, "says director Paul sivonen Serlachius of the museum.
Sivonen estimates that the whole of the year, the number of visitors will be in Serlachius museums this year, nearly a hundred thousand.
In previous years, visitors have been around 40 000.
In Tampere in the middle of Jyväskylä Mänttä vilppulassa has approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Museum director sivonen recalls, that the new museum is to always give the phenomenon.
"the challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon," he says.
In the long term I hope mäntässä art will continue over the summer.
In the autumn, the museum opened a new exhibition.
Police are investigating four recent days on theft in Kajaani.
On Sunday evening at the North Street business was broken into buildings by breaking a window.
Was the cash received from the plane, a small amount of money.
Thursday and Monday, between the deep ditch on the street had been stolen from a lorry fuel tanks.
The boat was taken to the port of petäisenniskan again Sunday and Monday between the boat, with its rear engine.
A rowing boat is the make of the outside and inside of the blond Kalapalta kellertevä.
The home side was in the nose of the text "excellent."
A couple of the alleged thief, the police had already caught.
On Sunday evening the woodpecker Creek Road to business property was broken into.
A police dog found a trail and a few kymppinen paltamolaismies was found hiding under a tree from the woods.
On Monday, the police caught a man suspected of being the second paltamosta also guilty of the same break.
Murder charge in missing the Kajaani amphetamines
In less than 10 grams of amphetamine manufacturing disappearance brought murder charges for the 1977 reached kajaanilaismiehelle.
According to the prosecutor of the man and his partner had gone to the apartment with another man and fired a shotgun to the suspected drug exporters of the apartment, the 34 year-old kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the charges and claimed to have involved for another man as the shooter.
The case came to the attention of the police, when a police patrol stopped the car, which the company had been incinerated in the blood work of second-hand clothes.
Shreds of clothing in the car they found a sawed-off shotgun.
The Kainuu District Court to issue a judgment later.
August was unusually warm in many places.
The world of science, according to one warm August happens on average once in every 10 years.
The Meteorological Institute statistics show that the average temperature throughout the country was higher than normal.
In most countries the deviation was one to two degrees.
In July and August due to the heat of the summer will be warmer than normal.
Throughout the summer, the highest temperature was measured in the first week of August in Pori, where the thermometer showed 32, 8.
Lenny Henry says: my father never hugged me.
He never told me he loved me.
Henry was born to the seven children of migrant families in Jamaica from dudleyssa British Midlands region in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory, and died at the age of 19, is the son of Henry's relationship with his father was distant.
Henry is currently rehearsing Rudy's Rare Records Show for 'comedy, partly based on his visit with his father to the fictional debate and has been developed for the Radio 4 series on the channel.
The sound track is a mixture of reggae and rap in upbeat pace.
Henry has had to go through a painful childhood memories.
He has been many times in therapy after the death of his mother, and he considers a lot of his relationship with his father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only heard a voice say: stop the noise.
Leave your sister alone.
Move over!
I think now cricket.
My parents and my brother seimour Hilton, who were already grown up when I was a kid, I went with my dad, and discussed in pubs for a pint of beer or a shot of the beauty of cricket.
I never talked to him about such matters.
Most of my life, he was the man for me, that smile in the corner, reading the newspaper.
Henry opened recently in 1c012 nsulattamon dudleyssa and had this idea of how his father's life must have been, even though the working conditions are better now than at the time.
Steelworks they had me today are a little brighter, but they are in the dark, smoky, iabyrinth depth, which flies direct flames, smoke, and soot and who bring to mind the underworld.
The father was in the habit of going to the bath and the only country in the bathtub, and slowly he started singing to himself to wash sulattamon dirt out of himself.
I sulattamon walking around, I realized that she had made it to work for years in order to obtain US food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite this, from Henry's childhood was old by proximity.
My father never hugged or never said he loved me.
Only when my mother was sick a little bit before his death we started saying to each other that we love each other.
In Henry's daughter Billie Dawn French with their own children, and the way he has been able to share in the love that he himself was a child.
You are all the time saying, 'I love you'?
Stop it already spooning.
Dad, I'm 22!
Dawn French.
Why can't we be friends?
She is a great mom
Henry is still good friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
What Dawn and I wouldn't be friends?
She's a great mom.
In Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons that led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer from high obesity and diabetes symptoms, my doctor told me to make a U-turn.
After that, I started working out a lot, and we should also begin a tough diet I reduce the symptoms.
It is a very difficult -
And boring.
No one enjoys eating a carrot.
Henry, a short beard and perhaps change his image as a career.
Having received good feedback from a lot of critics about his role, he is connected to the theatre othellona.
The next item is a comedy of errors August Wilson's fences ("Aidat ').
The conclusion of the theater offers a different experience than sitcomit and comedy that Henry has done throughout their busy careers.
Henry started on the field when he was only 16 years old and factory workers.
One of the counter spotted him on stage with John doing impressions and contacted the new faces talent competition.
Henry's TV career began in the middle of the 1970s' TV for quite a long time I was the only black, an impressionist and comedian ', he says.
Henry learned in doing their work.
I had to grow up in the media spotlight, I had to learn how to deliver a joke from the conveyor belt at the same time, in the years when the body 1975-1985 star and I was in television, it was a difficult time.
The lenny. New Faces talent competition in 1975
In Henry's manager was the stage rights to the Black and White Minstrel Show in 'into the light, in which people were viihdeohjelmaan black meikattuina, so Henry went to comedian to the programme for a period of five years.
My family didn't like it.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never be associated with it, but I don't regret it.
Although the position was deplorable, and I got to work in the huge events, and I learned how to deal with the public.
Still, the perennial favorite "britti award-winning TV and light at the same time parody "irvokas viihdeohjelma 'was about black people. "
Henry was in the 80s in the second series of the comedy, which was made as a joke that I admire black British culture.
The Lenny Henry Show 'n the first episode aired in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known among his personal chef in Gareth blacklockina comedy series Chef!
It is the next decade of Henry spent advertising, documentaries, television series and film parts, but the BBC in 2008 after he displayed LennyHenry.tv streak said to themselves: 'what are you going to be next, Len, it now seems that dumping a still or go on a side track. "
The next item is Radio 4 Channel documentary series "What's so great about...? '.
In the first part dealt with Shakespeare.
I've always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It's not really been taught to us in school, and I think it belonged to the white middle class, which is used in socks and pants with money.
That is why we raised the subject of Shakespeare in fear.
All of our programmes - the people who interviewed Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: 'try.
Don't dismiss the whole idea, until you know what you're talking about.
Seeing the words and you'll understand why we all love so much Shakespeare.
Henry said the 20 verses of Othello last president for a documentary and he was sold.
I felt that I can do this.
It almost felt like a part of me had been missing before, and now they put it in place.
'This is it, this is important, so take it seriously, you learn a phrase, do a little background research.
The training process is so tough, and I read the play for months before it was carried out.
In the end, the play was a success.
Apparently, it was expected to fail, but that's not quite the case.
Soon after that, Henry played the part in the comedy of errors.
Suddenly, I was playing in the British National Theater, and I couldn't believe it.
At one stage I thought: 'Oh, wow, you've changed'.
In time, the play was a technical problem, and Henry clearly felt that it was his job to entertain the audience.
'little voice in my mind said to me:' you have got to do 10 minutes alone, until the computer working again. '"
Instead, an assistant director, announced that the show will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out from the scene, and part of me sighed the sigh of relief.
It is not my duty,
I can leave it in the hands of the other.
"you're part of a play, stay in a role '
Henry 'fences' at the Duchess Theatre drama
The word discipline 'fences' drama was challenging.
Panic is good, it makes people more sustainable.
This show was well received, so it was like a sign from the gods; 'This is what you have to do'.
This, of course, Henry says the kumealla voice.
So I decided to stick to this.
I love this job.
I love the rehearsal rooms.
Henry, however, is still basically a comedian: the little pup interrupt our conversation to humor his impression of constantly changing to another.
The Stand Up p-komiikasta abstinence is the question of whether it will get the immediate praise from unknown public seems dangerous.
If you crave it all the time, it can lead to a dead end.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time at the Apollo Theater, it seems, but in general it doesn't excite me in the same way as before.
Ask Henry, he will no longer go to the new stand-up p-kiertueelle.
For me, the real joy to sit together with the director, who will help shape all the way at the beginning, middle and end, and I don't think I would ever give up on that feeling.
This is his new renaissance?
I think so.
I like the play -
It's really fun.
To tell the story, and in that role I like.
I love the stories.
People love the stories.
Kenya will register for officials to remove "haamutyöntekijät '
Kenya has begun a biometric register of officials to attempt to remove a government wage "haamutyöntekijät 'lists.
The workers, who did not come forward to register over the next two weeks, they should no longer be paid by the government, announced in a press release.
The government suspects that the lives of thousands of people continue to be paid their wages after their official duties.
The President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to root out corruption in the public sector came to office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to an audit of the "haamutyöntekijöiden 'salaries and other financial irregularities in the past month of at least $1 million.
The government suspects that the wages paid to the account after the person has been dead or left their official duties, Wanyama Chebusiri BBC reports from the capital Nairobi.
All the officials will announce themselves to register over the next few weeks in tunnistuskeskuksissa, in order to ensure that their information is stored in the biometric registration form, were told of the release by the government.
According to the release, all of which leave this without proper cause, removed from the payroll.
"this measure will significantly streamline the public sector, because I saw how many people actually works in his office, and that the government be purged of the pay lists at both levels so that the solution to the 'problem', says "haamutyöntekijöiden Anne Waiguru, devolution of the planning ministry and cabinet officials.
The wall of the river 2015 Financial Results May 25, 5 million deficit, if the city does not coordinate its activities and development expenditure in the tense economic situation.
In the current budget year, according to the preparation of Kate is about 9.4 million deficit.
As a possible means to enhance the services of the extent and level of the haggling, as well as the purchase of services, sale of assets and grants and tax and fee income increased.
Investment of 10 million euro qualification goal throughout is 8.5 million.
The situation is not in store for relief.
For the new obligations, tax revenues, unemployment and insufficient growth, increasing the state share of the 5% cut would weaken the prospects even further.
The seminar is aimed at finding new ways to balance the economy.
The city government has agreed, that savings have to be made.
The ship is the reverse of the strategy, the objective of the city government, said chairman Kimmo Heinonen.
The city government has made proposals to the leadership of the group.
The city government is preparing budget proposals as the basis for the governors of the economic seminar in framissa on Monday 8 September.
The governors of the seminar after the budget proposal moves through the board to the city government and the City Council.
Turkish police arrested dozens of suspected "juonista 'against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "hallituksen plot 'against, local media sources reported.
Police authorities did not immediately comment.
Hurriyet Daily News newspaper that among those arrested was 14 high-ranking police officials.
Some of the police had been in contact with last December, which was the subject of corruption investigations of government officials, including four government ministers.
In July, several police officers arrested in Turkey on charges of organising a criminal web and telephone.
The Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who was at the time (as prime minister), said the police action was part of the Islamist leader Fethullah gullenin him and others in power is against the planned activities.
In all, the children do not go to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine's schools opened their doors on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This is a historically significant day for the families and the parents of thousands of other Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk also took her daughter to the school.
At the same time, he told the waiting journalists that not all the schools are open again, but he said he was committed to defending the land for future generations:
September, the first day of the ceremonies, not in every school.
In the whole of Ukraine is not at peace.
We have to fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the Ukrainian front is a huge fight for peace.
Alexand Pastukhov, who works as a teacher in the school, where slavianskin Yatsenyukin daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will come at last and that the children can learn something, which is good for them in the future.
On the first day of school ceremonies are traditionally part of the spectrum of shirts, balloons and flowers to teachers.
In Texas, according to Perry's blasphemous twiitti unauthorized
Texas Governor Rick Perry's Twitter account sent from vahviste Fire on Sunday evening blasphemous picture for Democrats in the middle of this district lawyers heard accusations of abuse of power.
Tweetti removed later, and it was followed by new tweetti, Perry vowed that he does not have anything to do with the picture.
Tweetti was sent without my accounts.
"I don't accept tweettiä and removed it later, 'the publication said.
Perry behind the troops did not immediately respond to requests for clarification.
Although tweetit was sent from the Twitter account of Mr Perry vahviste fire, it is not clear who published the picture.
The first of the twiitti contained the insulting cartoons Travis district lawyer Rosemary lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry stopped lehmbergin post financial when he refused to resign, which led to a jury meeting in Austin this month accused Perry, Perry is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election.
The title of the tweet: 'I'm always drunk, three times the permitted alcohol in large quantities, but when that happens, I blame Governor Perry with the finger on the show'.
I'm drunk Texas Democrats.
The agency does not lead a lehmbergin jury trials against Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, the special prosecutor in the San antioniossa act by a Republican judge to the post.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team has asked a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law, on the basis of which the Texas governor is the most senior officials charged, is against the constitution is unclear.
Perry cut off $7.5 million in state aid to the state public integrity unit, the Travis district in the public sector and deal with the allegations, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision was left at the monitoring group to make a formal complaint.
Perry confirmed Twitter account is regularly updated - and, sometimes, the famous.
To get to the fifth election meeting in Iowa in the 2012 presidential election campaign, Perry bluster to stop the game in the balance with the publication of a picture on Twitter of himself jogging around the lakes of the text "Here We Come, South Carolina! '.
Berkeley, according to the housing market have again "normaalit '
One of the main developers in London, has warned that the housing market in the south-east of England are "palanneet 'to normal activity level.
Capital, London has been a huge demand for housing and a steep increase in the price at the same time, when a widespread fear of the credit bubble, the Bank of England to place restrictions on mortgage loans in June.
A high level of the developer Berkeley founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that the 'current economic market since the beginning of the year, and the number of trades have returned to normal since the peak of the Year 2013', and added that this has allowed the "vakaan environment '.
The London housing market went well during the recession, foreign investors of the capital city.
The Land Registry reported that house prices in the city rose 18.5 percent in the previous year and exceeding the average for England and Wales, which was 6% and 7%.
Berkeley of private, affordable and student buildings average selling prices increased by around a fifth over the previous year, reaching £423 price increase by the end of April.
However, the pound strengthened on the London property less attractive over the last few months - part of the interest also contributed to the new real estate tax laws and the political rhetoric of the 'mansion tax' before the May general election.
London estate agents Foxtons warned last week that the April mortgage report, where they told of stricter lending rules would lead to the low level of market growth in both property sales quantities and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England, fresh data showed on Monday that the number of loans approved fell in July, suggesting a cooling in the housing market.
Estate agents Hamptons International has reduced its 2015 forecast for London property prices, according to prices falling by 3%, because the opinion of the owners of the housing price index skull-brain-injuries has already begun to fade.
The trade volume in the London areas of Chelsea, Mayfair kalleimmilla in Kensington High Street and dropped in the quarter a year ago, real estate agent WA Ellis, says.
Demand for homes in the capital, however, is a boon to Berkeley, who sold the property to the revenue raised more than £2 billion.
Pidgley added that, with the right product, the planned "hyvin demand for the best exchange rate has remained stable, and, consequently, sales have remained robust. "
In June, the company said it sold its new home April 3 5056-6742 as in the previous year, this is almost a third more than the economic crisis, to the previous peak achieved in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profits rose by 40%, calculated to have the case years ago of 380 million pounds and turnover increased by 18% to 1.6 billion pounds.
Pidgley said on Monday before the company's annual meeting that the Berkeley years thanks to current market expectations.
Analysts agree that the whole year, profit before tax is worth £450 million.
Berkeley sold shares in the afternoon in the London Stock Exchange to steady at 23, 96 pounds.
The hacker: Jennifer Lawrence nude pictures leaked online
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85 annual Academy Awards ceremony, the distribution of opportunity.
The hacker, who claims to be in possession of hundreds of other pictures Oscar for actress Jennifer Lawrence's leaked nude pictures on the internet.
The Hunger Games star's representative confirmed that the photos are genuine and condemned the hackers "röyhkeästä of privacy '.
The authorities have been contacted and all of which publish Jennifer Lawrence stolen pictures come to the accusations.
The pictures, which originally appeared on 4chan, apparently reached kuvanjulkaisusivulla Wrong Hands Apple iCloud recording system because of the weakness of the other hundreds of the hacking of the stars on the list of dozens of other female stars such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, told Buzzfeed.
It is not known how much of the image is genuine, though Scott Pilgrim versus the world star Winstead condemned the hacking of the Twitter.
"those who are watching me and my husband in the privacy of our home years ago, take pictures: I hope you have a good mind," Winstead twiittasi.
Nickolodeonin "iCarly 'and' victorious' "Victoria Justice series, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, and that the so-called twiittasi "nämä nudes to me are counterfeit, you don't understand '.
Let me make this end in the bud.
Buzzfeedin announced late Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande's representative denied the authenticity of the photos of the stars.
The only times we appeared on Howard Jacobsen praised new novel, which tells of love and the letter J
They dissolve, it's the best way to describe what has happened, they gradually came off of each other than out of cardboard boxes left out in the rain.
Just then he heard from women, that it was too serious, painful, intense, break, and perhaps also a little prickly.
Then he waved his hand.
He identified piikikkään.
Yes, he was prickly, like a hedgehog.
His last victim was a thorn in the early stages of a relationship, which had been promising; however, it seems that this relationship could facilitate his ionely boredom, and it might be able to bring their lives up to some content.
In Ailinn solomonsilla was raw, and he was clean and bright hair, delicate beauty with a happy heart, north of the village, which was still harsh and farther than all of Port Reuben.
He was to travel to the south, a senior partner with Kevern assumed to be her aunt. She had inherited the house, which was located in the famous koste but Paradise Valley, and the Valley of the name is in Paradise Valley.
In the house, had not been to one in years.
The pipes leaked, in all of the bathrooms had spiders, slugs have left their mark on the place, with its own windows, weeds growing in the garden, which looked like giant cabbage heads.
The cabin was like a children's story, and at the same time, the threat of the magic garden, full of secrets.
Author: Howard Jacobson told the novel 'j" is standing for Booker Prize for Literature Prize in 2014.
The candidacy will be published next week.
Kevern was sat hand in hand with the broken patio ailinnin long on a chair in the middle of July, enjoying surprisingly warm spring afternoon, both the arrogance of the receiver listening to spread through the whole country heard wins Music and reassuring news, The Sun, legs folded ailinnin ruskettamat kevernin brought to mind the song, which was sung long ago forgotten black performer and his father was often listened to the list of the blinds down.
Each leg is too great.
Such songs were basically too aggressive, and they called in the receivers.
They were not banned - nothing really - it is forbidden not only played longer.
They wanted to leave to oblivion, as indeed the word oblivion.
Public opinion, what is the law and we have declared it was not achieved in the field of literature: just as people chose to read the memoirs of heroes, cooking the books and romance, from the music they prefer ballads.
The day began with dial villiinnyttämänä Kevern imaginary piano and singing a serenade to the feet of the arrogant ailinnin comic voice.
Ailinn don't understand.
"it was jazz pianist Fats Waller, the famous song," Kevern told him, and at the same time, by its very nature, two fingers to his mouth.
I saw his father had always done, before 'j" run before the letter from his lips.
It was started as a game between his father and him when he was little.
His father said that he played the same game of his own with his father.
If you let your mouth in the J word, remember not to raise two fingers in front of your mouth, you had to pay a penny.
It was not a very fun game, and that's not there now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that's all.
He had to explain to me what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of such a thing.
The Jazz had not actually been declared prohibited, it just doesn't ring.
Improvisation was no longer in vogue.
In life, there was room for only one word.
At the beginning of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
The nokkeluudelle had been, in the same way.
That unpredictability made people nervous.
Jazz was the music and the wit.
While Kevern was not heard by the age of 10 to Sammy Davis Jr., the Jazz, the music had become familiar to him from his father a CD collection.
Well, at least he didn't have to tell that the Fats Waller ailinnille was black.
Taking into account the ailinnin age was unlikely, that he could not remember a time when popular singers were not black.
Here, too, there was no need for laws or coercion.
Obedient society meant that each of its parts accepted with gratitude - the gratitude, the fact that they were like the luck spared - to the principle, according to which each group did the natural things.
His temperament and physical characteristics of the Afro Caribbean roots with the people best suited to entertain and play field hockey, so they sang and ran.
Originally from India, the country of origin is as inherently talented electronic equipment with them, so the task was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used to dealing with.
Those who were left of the Polish community, working as a plumber; the last of the Greek smashed plates.
When it is, what happened, if it happened, it came true on the Gulf and the Middle East from which the grandparents were not quick fled in fear that the accused and the Flames flared up for fear that the Flames next to them, opened a restaurant, where the yogurt was served labneh and burned water pipe, and continued their life in the eyes of the country and to create boredom depressed.
Each of the size of their talents.
Ailinn is heard only ballads, and he found it difficult to understand how the language is derogatory words kevernin had never been put to music.
Music express love.
"they are not really hurtful ', Kevern said.
Except maybe a large cephalopod of The View.
My father never hurt anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but abandoned garden created the illusion of safety.
No word from giant cabbage plant shut newspapers voice through isolation.
Ailinn don't yet understand.
Why did your father love something like that?
He was going to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but I did not want to raise two fingers to his lips in ailinnin clubs.
Ailinn kept her strange now.
"it was the dad says, 'funny,' he said.
Ailinn shook his head in disbelief, and her hair covered kevernin vision of the field.
Not all see the world as a whole, as a huge Crow ailinnin, black hair bristles.
Is there anything else she would like to see.
"if you say so," he said, but did not sound convinced.
It does not, however, explain why you sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed genuinely confused.
My feet are so big?
He looked at it again.
Are your legs really is great.
A foot, maybe, a little bit...
And you hate me, because I have my ankles are too thick?
I hate you, I hate you?
Of course, I do not hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He could have said 'I love you', but it was still too early for that.
'I think you're a very attractive because of the thick ankle', he was trying to fix the situation.
I twisted it.
This was no help.
He had wanted it to sound like fun.
Often, when he wanted, the effect was quite different hauskuuttaa, because he is, as his father was missing, and it's persuasive charm, cruelty jokes can control.
Perhaps his father was meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same thing.
Despite his gentle eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and got up from his patio chairs and knocked the receiver and spilled wine, which is exactly what they were drinking.
The wine was made only of Selja flowers, so he could not be used as a reason for törmäilyn.
In his nervousness, he looked shaky, as palm tree leaves in the storm.
"and your thick head is what we in the perverse attraction you ', he said.
Not only that, we feel.
Kevern was sorry ailinnin on behalf of their own, and unnecessary, cruel words because of the fear of it, reflected in the eyes of this at the very moment when Ailinn decided to take the stand against him.
I believe that he'd hit Ailinn?
He was never told of the life in the kevernille hyisessä North Island, where he had grown up, but I am sure that, in essence, Kevern was that it had been the same as life is here.
The same giant, the frozen sea aaltoili against them.
The same confused men, albeit after what happened and still has trouble as smugglers and their grandparents roamed the breaker, pub to pub, ready to beat women who dare to object to or tease them.
Thick head?
Yet he could see a thick fist, if we are not careful.
First of pussaamisesta imuta - had become the most common man and woman, erotic encounter a word for a meaningless; receiver push out love song antidote - imuta first and then attack.
The kevernin believes that even that was too much, that in itself already imuttaminen was hostile.
Ailinn solomonsin body language called on him to go.
He pulled himself up on the patio chair, like an old man.
Ailinn also felt exhausted, but the depth of the sorrow kevernin surprised him.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn followed his expenditure - just as his travel companions watched kevernin expenditure on the upper window - a man who once was the reason for his heavy life.
Adam in leaving the garden, he wondered.
He felt a sense of shame and men generally keverniä, even though some of them have raised their hands to hit against him.
Turned their backs, Bent, ashamed, a beaten man, which had lost all morale - why he felt like that was so familiar to him, even though he couldn't remember, that has in the past seen that until this moment?
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he looked at his feet.
Just a few years before the events described in the intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher Esme, Nussbaum, who worked in public opinion as measured in private institutions, did a short ofnowissa study on the low and medium heavy violence continues on the ground in areas where violence or even, in the end, was most likely taking into account that the elimination of the use of money and energy.
"much has already been achieved, and much remains to be done ', he wrote, could pave the way for thousands of years, "jotta fought and won the most people's natural aggressiveness, particularly in remote parts, where abandoned and hedgerows across from the church tower, despite the People's indulgence over time is rarely known.
Some things, however, will not be completely removed.
The higher the tower, it is lower than that created by the mind.
The people are crying, emotional song on, devouring a story of adversity overcome and his marriage and family life in the name of virtue, but, at the same time, old-fashioned cruelty in bad times as well as the communities that common urban residential areas, and, in addition, there is evidence of a new, bad soul fighting will in homes, workplaces and even our streets, playing in parks.
"you have an unfortunate tendency to dramatize his mentor ', a comment on the read report.
I would suggest that you read novels less.
Esme, look to Nussbaum, fell to the ground.
In addition, I have to ask: are you an atheist?
"Uskoakseni I don't have to answer that ', Esme, Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme still appealed to their rights not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
"I ask him 'Luther, Rabinowitz said,' because I am opposed to a iesbian atheism, homosexuality and feminism.
In the workplace, not prejudice.
We are open-minded society.
Even if more than a certain amount of sensitivity in itself is perfectly acceptable, and praiseworthy, it can sometimes lead to a perverse outcome, that what you have just presented to us.
You obviously have something against the church - and what you call the atrocities or bad soul, others call new general for natural energy and physical strength.
Saying about what happened, if it happened, as if it happened yesterday, if it ever happened, to destroy the fundamental life force.
Esme rabinowitzin Nussbaum to look around.
Rabinowitzin head -flamingo pink LED light declared that the country had shared Ofnow last a quarter century or longer.
Smile to your neighbours, each of the partners, listen to ballads, in musicals, to use a telephone, television, explain, listen, agree to apologize.
Talking is better than the silence and the singing is better than the written word, but You Can't Beat Love.
"Ymmärrän well, what you want to say 'Esme, Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice, was sure that his mentor had finished,' and I just want to say that we have not improved as effectively as we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we do not repeat the same mistakes, we warn, which initially led to what happened, if it happened.
This time, though, we shed our anger and our confidence in the other.
Luther Rabinowitz represented their fingers at the Pyramid.
This was a gesture of infinite patience.
'going too far', 'he said,' a 'mistake' to describe things, our grandparents have to do or not to do.
A year of going too far to say that they are shed of hate 'and to' other 'lack of confidence.
In a position such as you should not have to remind you that, when it comes to understand the past, or present, we are not talking about 'us' or 'them'.
There was no 'us' and not 'other'.
It was chaos all the time, that's what we know.
"if we are quite honest, it 'chaos, Esme, ventured out to "yksikään Society group to say that they can't move around very much.
I don't blame anyone.
That's what was done, was done, whether it is good or bad.
That was then.
I don't need to talk any more - and on this we agree.
And just as it is unnecessary to hand out charges, does not need to make adjustments to, whether they are appropriate or not, and even if there is a way to do it.
But for what the past is there, then, if it does not take lessons --
The past is there, so we can forget it.
If I may add one thing --
Luther Rabinowitz broke their pyramid.
"I'm going through a 'report, he said, and expressed that Esme, it was time to leave.
The next day they go to work in the normal way to hit him in the leg on a motorcyclist driving passers-by described "pahasieluiseksi and furious. "
Accidents happen.
In the Lesotho army denies attack; the prime minister will remain in South Africa
The Lesotho army officials have denied their sham government plunged to attack and say that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm the political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official apartment and taken over government buildings in the capital city of maserussa.
The head of state traveled with his family to neighbouring South Africa, has received death threats.
Military spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi denied the attack and said that the army has responded to the threat, which came from "poliittisilta from fanatics'. Police have been told to arm the fanatics.
"the Lesotho defense forces took action after receiving a secret information that some police forces are attempting to arm the young party fanatics, this is ready to cause problems," he told Voice of America News Agency.
The South African government of President Clayson monyelan according to army seems revolutionary companies.
"although no body has said his government dismantled by force, Lesotho military actions on both sides seem to have all the hallmarks of the company responsible for the revolution, 'he says.
The Lesotho army, according to the officials, the soldiers will return to their barracks on Sunday, and in the capital, the mood was calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing government thabanen is gone.
Thabane said he believes, that the actions of the subject, because he has tried to combat corruption.
There have been tensions in Lesotho since June when Thabane suspended parliament sessions due to great differences in the coalition government.
He denies that offend the government, while the other claims.
The trade journal: Microsoft set up a data centre uudellemaalle
The information technology company, Microsoft has set up a data centre for uudellemaalle to place the location of the company refuses to explain.
In a media release sent to Microsoft, the company said that it did not tell all its data centre location for security reasons.
Microsoft, according to the center is already fully equipped and linked to the network.
For Microsoft, it is the many hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
In the public eye for the centre ground before, or was afraid of Oulu Kajaani.
Microsoft to stop all its measures of Oulu, which deprives the jobs of about 500 people.
In all, Microsoft has announced redundancies in Finland to a maximum of 1, 050 jobs.
Microsoft's communications director camiila Lindfors says that the company does not comment on stt:lle, how many staff the new data centre employs.
Data from the Centre for uudellemaalle told trade journal on Monday.
The man accused of a traffic light at the intersection of päälleajosta
The 78 year-old man accused of a three-year-old girl on the driving in a traffic light intersection in fifessä.
Gordon Stewart accused of driving on a girl in the corner in the eastern pittenweenissä neukissa.
According to prosecutors, Stewart was driving his car in the Audi Q3 and unwisely caused her injuries.
The anstrutherista from Stewart, 78, denied the charges at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four tips for better underwater images and video
If you want to take pictures or video underwater, you could have a number of various equipment options.
The cheapest option is water, sustainable, compact point and shoot cameras, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action cameras, such as GoPro HERO3 + Silver Edition, both of which cost about $300.
I took these pictures of the family on the occasion of using multiple cameras, each of which cost less than $350.
The device, regardless of it is there are some rules to follow.
Every time you check your device twice.
Even if you have a watertight camera, make sure, however, that the camera battery and other parts have closed water securely.
The camera crew also set regulations to take pictures or video.
In some cameras or video cameras and combination is a regulation, which optimises the description of conditions under the water.
Also, before you jump into the water, make sure how deep your equipment can take.
Some of the cameras are only 5 foot depth, some 50 to 60 feet deep.
Access to both ordinary models that hold water in our digital camera buying guide and criticism.
Take a series of photos - many of them fail in some way.
In kompakteissa cameras have LCD screen, which can be as for composition, while in action cameras often do not have this feature.
Even if you have LCD, it is difficult to see under the water, and the picture composition can either succeed or fail.
Take so many pictures.
If your camera allows the haarukoinnin, which means several images at once in different regulation, make use of this feature.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is falling significantly deeper.
If possible, stay close to the surface in a swimming pool, lake or ocean.
This is how you get your picture in more colors; the deeper you go, the fewer colors you can see.
I do try to get close to the target.
This is an important piece of advice to the country, but even more important, because the light under the water conditions are scarce.
It is very important that, when there is action camera: these devices often have a fixed lens with a wide angle of the picture, the photographer has to be close to the target, in order to meet the target for the whole of the picture frames.
China will not allow Hong Kong to elect their leaders - and the protesters Swear revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday that the Hong Kong electorate will choose candidates for the 2017 elections, democratic reforms and wrongdoing.
The decision is likely to spark Hong Kong business world to block opposition activists since the beginning of the long wait to plan and implement the protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
The National People's Congress decision to give in to the communist power to root out all candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"this was expected, but it's still outrageous," said Democratic Party leader, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They have lied to the hongkongilaisille.
It is clear that we will act with the autocratic regime.
The National People's Congress Committee deputy secretary-general Li Fei of China defended the administration, saying that the common stand for Hong Kong's leader is elected too 'chaotic'.
Since 1997, the British handed over Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised the people in the region, that it would get to choose their own leader from 2017 onwards.
China's leaders, according to Sunday's democratic decision was a breakthrough because it will allow direct elections in Hong Kong could vote, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to strictly control the electoral process of the nomination committee, which is managed from Beijing.
A new clause to the effect that only candidates who "love the country and Hong Kong "rakastavat, accepted.
The decision by the preceding summer in Hong Kong some of the region's largest and most attention in the wake of protests in years.
Democracy campaign was behind much of the Occupy Central with Love and Peace movement, whose organizers have threatened to block the operation of the business world, if Beijing does not grant authentic universal suffrage for Hong Kong.
On Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the Occupy Central movement, hundreds of supporters gathered in the rain in front of Hong Kong's main government buildings.
In the demonstration, the organizers of the movement, said the movement to move to a new era of civil disobedience, and they get a wave of protest in the coming weeks.
They did not give details, apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
In his online newsletter published by the organizers said that the Occupy Central movement "pitää masterstroke as a last resort, to be introduced only if there is no hope for dialogue and there is no other way. "
We deeply regret that we have announced today is the last chance for the dialogue have failed, and the centre of power will happen.
Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday, security measures were strict government buildings near here was among the police and the barricades.
In Hong Kong, many of unease feeds the sense that people are slowly losing their power.
Arrivals from the mainland has caused a wave of competition from products and services.
In addition, there are fears that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, have disappeared in Beijing under increasing pressure.
Some people have criticised the Occupy Central movement, because it is a threat to the living conditions of the Hong Kong protests - in the business world.
"the protest, which they say could lead to a major economic loss, depending on how many to take and how long it will last," said the legislator, Regina Ip, who has long criticized the move.
We do not want to spread worry that Hong Kong is slipping out of our times.
This kind of image would be bad for the investment.
In China's state media is also in the story, which, according to the Hong Kong democracy activists are fomenting revolution by the Western powers' henchmen.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on voting rights, with the participation of 780, 000 people - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the region's biggest democracy of the demonstrations.
The American prom tradition hits the British universities: a private jet to new students.
In response to the demand by setting up our excitedaroundhere British luxury first class travel mode for today's students.
The company offers a private plane, but also other vehicles, such as Rolls Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren p1:n, so customers can ensure a memorable entry to university.
According to Stewart in the services is also a security aspect.
The service is the best possible option for students who would otherwise drag their belongings across the country in its rafters loading cars.
When this is combined with the characteristics of many VIF VIP (Friends), we are prepared to offer this as easy as possible for today's students to high-quality Transportation University.
A representative of the company, according to the reserve has not yet come, because the service has not been established, but added that the students' orders will begin in the next few weeks. "
The Company believes that there is a demand for services, although most students pay £9,000 a year in fees.
Today's students are from their expectations and their hopes for the very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago their studies have begun. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and vif is exactly the right way to do it.
The National Student Organization, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
The Higher Education section of the vice-president, Megan Dunn "tämä services, according to the plan seems to be very far away from the majority of the students' lives.
Many of the studies will start this month, shocked by the cost of living, the level of financial support in the form of loans and grants are behind the basic cost of living, high rises, and only now can start to think about what would be available to thousands of such simple things as campus arrival.
In the Ipswich "sikatalo 'sale
Estate agents in the sale of a house in Suffolk in the sales picture to see that in the picture in the House, the living room's big pig.
One bedroom of the house price, which is £120, 000, is situated in a private road in Ipswich.
The announcement included a photo of the room, where the pig was leaning his head into the couch.
Estate agents, according to a picture of a pig's connellsin pet owners.
However, the announcement 'picture ended up accidentally, and it's since been removed', a company spokesman.
The notice describes the former meeting place for the Connells "ainutlaatuiseksi for one bedroom houses'.
While the real estate, the media has removed a picture of the website, you can see it still in advertising.
The sale has attracted interest in social media, where it is asked, does a pig to house prices.
In Torres' departure was confirmed, the return of Kagawa manu:sta dortmundiin
Spanish attacker Fernando Torres' departure to Chelsea was confirmed, but replacement came in at almost the same time the door opening.
Chelsea announced a four-year agreement to draw on top of Loic Remy, the French club in neighbouring qpr:stä.
According to press reports, the trading price of EUR 13 million.
Torres, 30, is entering a two-year AC milaniin loan agreement.
He moved from Liverpool to Chelsea for a record £50 million for four years ago, but never fulfilled expectations.
The decision came as Japanese players Shinji kagawan failed trip to Manchester United.
As expected the German Bundesliga Kagawa back to Borussia dortmundiin, where he made his breakthrough ManU before his next move.
According to press reports, the trading price of EUR 8 million.
Kagawan fresh agreement is four years.
I wanted to make my dream a reality in Premier League.
Now, I am pleased to have again the Dortmund man.
This is a great team and a wonderful environment, Kagawa said.
Hertha Berlin will be strengthened in the second bundesliigaseura kaloulla Salomon.
The Ivory Coast national team striker from French herthaan lillestä, and the transfer is estimated to be around EUR 3 million.
Before Kalou Lille, 29, played for 12 years in 2006 in Chelsea.
In a Paris apartment house explosion already eight dead
The number of deaths rose to eight on Monday in Paris in the floor of the house after the explosion.
In a city as s-bois'n Rosny sous in the crash Sunday, which injured 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescuers search for survivors in the ruins of the house as early as Monday, but hopes of finding survivors faded.
The preliminary cause of the explosion, a suspected gas leak.
The explosion took place early Sunday and was so powerful that buildings in more than a hundred vavisutti meters.
Our whole house was trembling in fear.
The explosion was so strong that our ears are ringing, "described the crash site in a neighbour, Maryline yyvon.
A nearby school was erected on a Sunday emergency accommodation for the residents of the house.
Just part of the life of stars in the presentation of the 17: 00
The opportunity is presented only to the lives of the stars of the series.
The stars met earlier in the day for the first time after the filming of the series.
Some of the stars of the early evening in four media jonny- name TV Expo at the expo.
In the event four of the media presents its September 10 software thermographics face force
In the autumn of life is just a series of accompanying Vesa Matti loiri, Sam Birch Niemi Edelmann, Paula, Paula Vesala, Jenni vartiainen, elastic and Toni Wirtanen.
Some of them are so in the afternoon and the live ceremony istv:n here.
The opportunity to start in the back four -sebastian rejmanin media channels in the autumn of presentation software.
Guided after istv:n camera crew for a live interview to the stars.
The article has been updated: it's just life, performers are not present at the ceremony in the evening.
Just in the beginning of an opportunity may be delayed a little bit.
The consignment does not appear on all mobile devices.
Trinidad and Tobago players received HJK
The European football league survived HJK is the new player Trinidad and Tobago.
The head of the company, according to the W Connection fc:n HJK has done a loan agreement of joevin Jones.
Joevin Jones is 23 years old and the average player in the field, who has worked in W. connectionissa 28 goals in 55 matches.
Trinidad and Tobago in the team, Jones has played 35 matches.
News of the transfer was the first to tell Socawarriors jalkapallosivuston that Jones has been one of the star players on the pro γγ League Two last season.
W Connection, according to Jones, the club will travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
Bulgaria's prison staff to hold national protest
Hundreds of prison workers across Bulgaria demonstrated in the capital Sofia, the Ministry of Justice.
In a peaceful demonstration, they declared they wanted to restore the old work rules, which was recently amended.
Also on the salary increases are to be discussed by the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials are already months in symbolic protest against the new working time saying that they want to go back to the old system for up to 24 hours.
For prison workers, the organization and the Ministry of Justice, the representatives of the meeting, despite the absence of a deal, the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR).
The negotiations are being held, the director-general told Rosen Zhelyazkov bnr:lle.
The prison workers' organisation, the protests are expected to join the interior ministry workers' trade union members.
For basket ball: fans cheer almost too much: Sasu Hall was blacked out on the field
The basket ball Hall today was the Finnish triumph Sasu incarnate.
He was able to forget its black a "USA match and beat Ukraine in the second half to stop the blood.
But the chamber passed all the credit for the Wolves fans - and did it in style:
I was there to pass out on the field at the end of incentives, it was so great.
In the eyes of the blacked out, but couldn't.
It's white noise and crowd the sea was almost too much for me.
Salinin power moments to within nine points in the fast pace, the ball game, and in every place levyreitä temmellystä what happened.
I don't know how it happened, but I got into a flow, it worked.
But it will be some time, so it's important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
This is my role.
To do all that.
It was great to see that others had the plot.
It took up the whole gang.
The team is a pleasure pill and the spirit of God, so it is not surprising that his example to the whole team for the flight, which was big and heavy-handed Ukraine five too many.
Finland in the World Cup, 32 years after the previous failed to judge a game
Bags with Heikki montonen (oik.) was the head coach of Argentina in the World Cup tournament in 1982.
It's been 32 years ago, when the Finnish men in the ball in the air, the team played in the World Cup the last time lopputurnauksessa.
Seppo cricket was the only flnnlsh photographers in the 1982 tournament in Argentina, where the legendary Reino Kosonen, the Finnish coach, was a close second and current player agent projet-sg parkkali players in general.
Kosonen and parkkali remember one thing about the tournament than yesterday: it was in a hot fight blocks came against France.
"the solution to judges in a match, the Ball Game was flagrant," Kosonen, recalled.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled in to the back line.
All of a sudden the game continue.
It lost 2 to 3, and after that the works lost more, "said parkkali.
Finland played the head coach Heikki montosen command and was eventually to 17.
Finland is now back in the world, when the Polish Committee of the World Cup tournament to get off the ground today on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international flight the ball over 32 years.
The Power players are more or less the same as before, but the quality and the skills we now have more.
The players' average length has increased.
The game is faster, "parkkali wondered.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish Player of materials has expanded, and be able to share the burden.
I look forward to getting on the blocks for the future.
Then you can come back, "Kosonen, the firm estimates.
Seppo cricket
Olli nenonen, jouko Juvonen and John Savio were in the attack in victorious game against Tunisia.
The current player agent projet-sg parkkali was a general in the World Cup as a player in the tournament.
Let's hope that, now 17 petrataan room.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down, "said parkkali.
The species was country legend Reino Kosonen kakkonen team coach in Argentina.
John Savio, Mauri leppänen and Kari körkkö out Tunisia match.
In the sauna and night worship in a church in Buenos Aires, belonged to the national team in the World Cup tournament in 1982.
Kali (Kari) stretched their oik. team with friends.
The young star Song Competition Finals compete - not the victory of South Karelia
The young star of the song competition, the finals have fern Vento and veeti Tikkanen did not have to win the competition.
Other investments in its competition.
A song teacher teija immosen competition has been popular.
It is a good experience.
Sleep in this competition the finalists songs.
From the moment the competition is always great memories, Immonen said.
Finnish tourists Rescued From Dog Cita mountains in Norway: "these men deserve all the credit."
When -norwegian merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were Thursday stranded in mountains, Andy and Tom Soini bravely offered to help.
At the weekend, Mikkelsen for "international heroes in" on Facebook, so we should thank their donor once more.
Mikkelsen said in a public Facebook update that with him on Thursday in the mountains had hurt its Cita dog paws.
Injured dog no longer able to walk in the steep terrain.
I tried to position myself down, but I didn't, so I had to let it be.
I tried many times to attract and pull it forward a little, but the legs are not just borne, Mikkelsen wrote in the update.
According to Mikkelsen, he didn't get help from the police to a nearby hotel and passers-by.
When it gets dark, the situation started to look menacing.
I'm glad to be here, we had two Wanderer, who were willing to help: Tampere Antti Soini and his father, Tom.
The men were visited Norway in high mountains and were headed to their camps galdhøpiggenillä seat, when they saw a woman and a dog in the middle of the mountain side.
(Mikkelsen) to see the situation was relatively calm.
We offered to help him with a dog, Antti Soini tells in his evening to send a message.
Soon, the place was also a German man with a trip to a mattress.
The mattress of the stretcher citalle were like, the dog was injured.
A German man came to us after a while, when we were wondering what to do with the dog, and the dog in a lap down from the slopes, Soini says.
Tuomo kuva: Soini
Take a trip down the dog was on the mattress.
According to Soini performance wasn't physically painful, but recovery was slow in the difficult terrain.
About an hour and a half, however, CITA were happily all the way down.
In looking for more after Mikkelsen on Facebook "international heroes," in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soini, enough for him on Sunday, but a German man is apparently still reach.
I don't know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen is pleased.
If they hadn't taken me, do not necessarily have to go back.
I would like to find these people, because it seems to me that I cannot thank them enough.
They certainly don't know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all the praise and credit to them, I am forever grateful.
On Monday night, were already on their way home Soini.
They were delighted to catch up: from mikkelseniltä, CITA said better.
To susanna- mälkkiä in Helsinki over kaupunginorkestarin conductor
Mälkin three-year period would begin in the autumn of 2016 and closed in the spring of 2019
The draft also includes the option for two additional months.
Mälkki began his career as a cellist.
He is internationally known conductor and Finlandia gyroprop pro in 2011.
At the moment the city orchestra conductor John Storgårds is over.
The Bold and the beautiful, beautiful and brave series returns to the screen today after the summer break.
The opening period suggested the name raises questions.
Finland's most popular soap The Bold And The Beautiful Series returns from summer break today.
The return of the period is called the "oral suggestively in luck with Eric."
The pigeon show of the night in the description of the period are the following:
Eric and Donna are discussing the human relations, chopsticks to order food, drinking white wine and remembering his love of history.
Eric is faithful to the collar of his shirt.
For lunch, the shirt colour she has chosen White, lilertää.
Ridge offers support to Katie this bill with Brooke and traumas.
Ridge, they have not yet got over their problems.
The bill is in its own brookelassa to explain the contradiction.
Brooke should not be that the president goes there to back him.
"I want Ridge, not you," the bill.
The genetic abnormality is diagnosed, often wrong
British woman feared for years because of the death of the wrong diagnosis.
-karin Rodgers thought most of their youth, the fact that he was only a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
He really suffered Charcot Marie e-toothin disease (CMT), which means a number of genetic diseases, which can damage the brain and the backbone of the outside edge.
The charity CMT UK charities, according to the false diagnosis is a common problem in CMT cases, because they know so little.
It is estimated that about 23, 000 people in Great Britain are suffering from the disease, which causes symptoms CMT motoriikassa, for example, muscle weakness, difficulty walking, and ectrodactylia kippurainen new.
The disease can also cause numbness or pain, and it is an incurable and Progressive, which means that the symptoms worsen over time.
About Rodgers is 13 years old, he thought he had his friedreichin ataxia (FA), which is a very poor survival rate.
Rodgers thought being in a wheelchair before you turn 18 and they die before they reach 30 years of age.
Today, 51 years old and a mother of two, says that the "lapsena know that can do the same things as the others.
I fell on a daily basis, and we all took in more than the other.
I couldn't ever roilerblading rullalautailemaan or with the other kids, and I was being bullied at school because I walked and ran in a different way than others.
About Rodgers is 13 years old and he carried out a series of cuts to the feet of Achilles tendon was born crooked. In surgeries, the doctor left the room, he quickly glanced at its research paper, which was said to be suffering from the FA for his disease.
"I felt guilty, because I was so curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but I got home, I checked the disease information in the library and wrote to the FA association ', he says.
When they gave me information, I was upset and in a state of panic.
I thought I was going to a wheelchair to 18 years of age, and I was going to die before I meet the 25, and, in between, I gradually lost my ability to function as a whole.
I went through this myself, and I was planning my own funeral.
Rodgers says that, by the age of 17, he said, that his walk was so much worse than he had thought and ask their doctors about this.
The doctor just hugged me and said: 'Darling "tyttö, I do not believe that you have this disease, because otherwise you'd be in a wheelchair. "
I think you suffer from something considerably less dangerous diseases.
Some of the genetic tests he was diagnosed with the disease CMT.
"when we explain what the disease is, I thought we CMT lykästäneen ', he says.
UK charity the CMT hold CMT months to draw attention to the disease.
Hundreds of migrants were found in the coal wagon in Macedonia
The Macedonian authorities have found more than 100 illegal immigrants on the train carrying coal, the country's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Sala, the passengers were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was on its way from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday on the velesistä central Macedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They didn't know where we are, where they came from and where we are going, "said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo koteski.
The police said the migrants had paid around EUR 3 000 each to enter Greece and another 800 to 900 euros more to Serbia.
Illegal immigrants of the two million inhabitants of Macedonia to pass through on their way to Western Europe.
Syria's bloody civil war has displaced three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai supporting Scottish independence
Pop bands Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined supporters of Scottish independence.
According to The Guardian newspaper bands starring on in a couple of weeks in Edinburgh concerts, which supports independence for the project.
The Scottish independence referendum on 18 September.
In its release, Mogwai, said that the vote is an opportunity for the Scots, who happens to be the only once in life.
In the past, including actor Sean Connery has given his support for independence.
Instead, British stars such as Paul McCartney and David Bowie are called in Scotland, to remain part of Britain.
In gallupeissa independence supporters have been at a loss.
Supermarkets continued difficulties in the middle of the summer - Home News - evening messages
The House trade decline continued in July, says everyday goods trade ry.
According to supermarkets and hypermarkets chain turnover fell in July to 3.2% lower than a year ago.
The worst is takunnut home and leisure sales, turnover fell from more than 7% a year ago.
Also wear products to trade clearly less than in the previous summer.
Everyday goods retail sales, however, rose in July from a year ago, almost three percent.
Sales increased the most in small stores and large supermarkets.
In the beginning of the year, the January and July period supermarkets and hypermarkets turnover has shrunk by more than two percent.
Rather, it is everyday goods sales increased by almost 1%.
Joan Rivers' Family "toivoo best '
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since he was brought to New York Downtown Hospital, but his daughter was hopeful that today, at the age of 81, a comedian getting better about their illness.
"thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
His mother was brought to the Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday of heart stop as a result of the treatment, according to sources at the site in the Upper East Side, in the Yorkville Endoscopy Clinic declared an emergency situation in hospitals.
The doctors will keep him deliberately sedated with drugs and monitor his condition closely, until the moment his condition is serious, stable.
The case has caused widespread reaction in the audience, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have offered support on the web.
The Areva Reactor Number Three siemens: straw on the island will be completed by the middle of 2016
Areva has submitted to industry forces tvo:lle straw Island 3 updated timetable.
Areva's project, according to the release, the recent delays have been due largely to the automation system is applied for approval.
Now the project is already years late.
TVO in May no assessment of the number three reactor should be ready.
Nastola donated to bottakselle 1.4 hectares of coastal land - worth about 60,000 euros
The Local Government in nastola donated to Formula One driver Valtteri bottakselle from 1, 4 hectares of land from the shore of the beach kärkjärven villähteeltä.
The government showed a fair sport and was unanimous in its decision.
Dissenting voices are not included in the meeting when it was decided the land, says the municipal director Paul reason dog.
The bottaksen gift on the property is the farm buildings - a total of seven pieces.
The breaks it down even more this year, with the exception of one out.
Bottas has promised to build a property within two years for free housing.
We are honored that he has enjoyed in his birthplace, and wants to continue to be so in the future.
Walter has been every year for the start of their career and their life.
And I hope it will continue to be, the director said.
The director thinks the Beach property to the financial value of 40,000 to 60,000 euros.
The beach is low and child friendly.
The area has been in the hands of over 10 years.
In nastola with varying degrees of success over the decades have been a success in the sport, a gift of land in the municipality.
Spear throw World Champion Aki Parviainen and aerobickin world champion despite Salo got wind of the detached houses and built his own house hulppeat.
They have not, however, in nastola, but sold their property and moved out.
Parviainen and Matti nastola Salo came to work and then changed their life situation changes elsewhere.
Bottas indigenous nastola and his situation is different, and I believe the reason dog inches in its permanent home bottaksen.
The Hull striker Hernandez hired club record sum
Premier League club Hull, the club invested a record amount to the Uruguay national team, Abel Hernandez acquisition.
Hernandez to the Italian club from Palermo hulliin at 9.5 million pounds, or approximately EUR 12 million.
The agreement is for a three-year period.
Hernandez hit 14 goals in the last period, when Palermo won Serie B and rose to the head of the Italian league.
The Uruguay team, he has seven goals in 14 matches.
In last summer's World Cup was in two matches lopputurnauksessa Hernandez of the exchange to the airport.
Abel is fantastic and shows how far we have come in such a short period of time, said Hull head coach Steve Bruce.
On Monday, Hull said he acquired the Senegal national team captain Mohamed diamen West Ham.
Russian space sex experiment failed - to send gekot died on a trip
The Russian space increased by five little Gekko's are dead, the Russian federal space agency Roscosmos said in its release.
Gekot journeyed in M4 Foton satellite on board more than a month and a half.
The satellite returned to the Earth on Monday morning, Finnish time.
The test was designed to examine gekkie reproductive ability and the use of local Otto in the state.
The experiment involved one male and four females gekkie.
Although the test sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
For example, on the effects of weightlessness on the development of eggs in a little known gekkie.
The gekkie impact can try to predict what the impact would be to the people of this painottomuudella residing in long-term condition, illustrated in the New Statesman in July.
According to the time of death and cause of death of roscosmoksen gekkie or the causes of this accident.
AFP interfaxin according to 'sex' Crossed gekkie passengers froze.
The yllätyksellisyydestä also says that, in the same Foton m4:n traveled aboard survived the trip from fruit fly without worry, and the offspring.
A Terrorist Suspect in France, was arrested at the airport in Nice
France arrested the man suspected of terrorism at the Nice airport on Saturday.
The 22 year-old man suspected as in Syria the jihadistiryhmän recruit.
The French authorities were informed on Sunday.
Authorities were able to track the man, after it was lured the 16-year-old girls with money to go to Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and cross the border from Syria.
The airline did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit her in Istanbul who lives with her grandmother, but alerted the authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was completely unaware of his daughter's intentions and told authorities that the family did not have relatives in Turkey.
A man has come from Chechnya, according to the authorities, but she now lives in France.
French intelligence authorities were monitoring the man's activities in the past.
The French authorities have been concerned that the Iraqi or the Syrian war has radicalised young people constitute a security risk but also for France.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or in France is the last travelled to Syria during the conflict, returned or is currently planning to go to Syria.
The Koponen: we have a good chance of victory
Basketball national team hopes on further in the game, when Finland faces today in their second World Cup match in Ukraine.
If the opening loss to the United States include the Ukraine, was expected back in the country, which Finland should take place, need to further gains.
Ukraine is good people, but I believe that we have a good chance to win, and Petteri Koponen.
Ukraine hit on Saturday in their first match of the games in the Dominican Republic 72 62.
Team veteran NBA coach Mike Fratello, in command of the Ukraine to play aggressive basketball.
Ukraine's key player's game director Eugene "Pooh" Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter in the 100 metre world champion three years ago.
The Dominican Republic against Jeter kicked 16 points.
Pooh Jeter fast guy, but we have played them before and we have to get our standards right to defence, Koponen said.
Hanno möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than yesterday's loss to the United States.
We have to find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that I'll see you on the ground, normal wolves möttölä said.
The Hollywood star's alleged nude photos spread on the internet - in part to ensure genuine
In a series of nude photos spread on the internet, allegedly by well-known public figures.
Among other things, actress Jennifer Lawrence has been "nakukuvakampanjan victims. "
The entertainment website TMZ has published Lawrence representatives of angry comment, which would appear to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a blatant invasion of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes the (internet) stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence, will be prosecuted, the representatives of the threat.
The actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead tmz:n has confirmed that he spread the pictures are real.
He had taken the pictures with her husband years ago.
I know that those photos were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine the creepy effort to this end.
I sympathise with all those who were subjected to hacking victims, he writes, according to the website.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says in his own name; pictures of counterfeiting.
Real or fake nude pictures, is on the move, too, at least of Kate uptonista dunstista, Ariana Grande, Kirsten, Hope solosta, Krysten ritteristä, Yvonne strahovskista and Teresa Palmer.
Honka goalkeeper criticised his own: "do not do enough work on it, get out of here."
Football club FC Honka is currently on the track in last place in the league.
Goalkeeper Walter Viitala VPS comments Sunday after the club in a very confusing situation.
I do not have for four months been the goalkeeper coach.
But we all have to adapt, "Viitala said 1 to 2 2-tappioon closed after a struggle.
Honka took the game especially in the first half, the defense a lot of mistakes.
Goalkeeper Viitala was not a bad defensive play pleased.
The player has been in the Honka lively this summer, and it is for that reason that the defenders in front of the other foot to the strict Viitala Haan pace.
Roulette players, with many of the young players have had opportunities that they might not even earn.
"part of not doing enough work for it to get out of here sometimes," Viitala tuhahti naming any individual players.
Honka Shefki Kuqi head coach was, to a certain extent I agree with Viitala.
"I said to the players after the game that if you come to practice and play and have fun and do you think you are a hunch player, the league and you don't have to do a job, then you're probably in the wrong team," Kuqi said.
I have given many young people a game.
If they don't want it to take place, and the possibility for me, so it's not my fault.
Kuqi, however, also pointed out that the players can not wait for the immediate success of the game, when guys are constantly changing.
This season has not been the same team two years in a row.
Especially in the defence of the people has changed.
It is the main reason why we are in this place, "Kuqi said.
Honka is VPS after the defeat in the series in the cellar, in the Republic the points over the second last with a tps:n.
The league is still the track seven laps in Espoo, so there is still time to avoid falling into one.
I never dumped the team, and I'm not going to drop it now.
We certainly will not fall for this series, "goalkeeper Viitala bluster.
Lars von Trier made decades after TV series
Film director Lars von Trier will return to the TV series.
The Danish director is preparing a TV series called "The House That Jack Built.
Told as a series of projects in Trier film producer Louise Vesth worked today on Monday at the Venice Film Festival.
The production company Zentropa release, according to a series of shooting should begin in 2016.
Trier told to focus on a series of script work this autumn.
The series is in English.
The mysterious Project says in the release that the Trier long-term partner, hard sell speeches known producer Peter aalbæk Jensen.
He said that a similar series, "has never been seen and will never see."
"you hold your breath," Jensen says in the release aalbæk.
Lars von Trier, 58, has been in the last few years, known for its noise increase media development and films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
For television, he directed in the 1990s, the power of the series.
01.09.2014 15:20 retail chain Lidl looks to the Finnish side, at least if the figures are to be believed.
The trade group Lidl Finland activities run Lidl Finland Limited Partnership group turnover continued to grow in February closed the account at the end of the season.
The company also raised its revenue.
The profit before tax reached 79, 6 million euro a year earlier, when it was 56, EUR 4 million.
The turnover of the big turn from 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25%.
The company increased its market share to improve their business income of EUR 61 million to EUR 84 million.
The profit was 7%, 1.
The German owned Lidl's account in the period from the beginning of March to the end of February.
The company will pay for the tax credit Months Ended February 13 to Finland, the EUR 7 million.
The company expanded its chain stores have been told to invest in Finland this year, EUR 100 million.
In Finland, there are now 142 Lidl shops and employs more than 4,000 workers.
The first shop was opened in 2002.
The ice bucket challenge, participants from the jaw
British isabeile Roberts was roaring so loud when she poured ice cold water on his face, that damaged the bone.
This ice bucket challenge ended painfully bad.
A WOMAN has been taken to treat his scream ice bucket challenges carried out so hard that his jaw was dislocated bones.
Isabeile Roberts was roaring so loud when she poured ice cold water on him, that he damaged the structure of his face.
"the water was so cold that I was screaming, just screaming, but I felt that my jaw started to stiffen up, 'he told the Mirror newspaper.
Ice water poured over 20 years old.
Isabeile Roberts just moments before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but I couldn't, my jaw was locked in, and then I realized that something is wrong.
Then my mother and my sister found the same thing, and started to laugh at me, but I had to be rushed to the emergency room.
A popular challenge on Tuesday involved a 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital, where set the jaw back into place.
The video spots have become a Web sensation, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Perspective on the wolves (the appeal): how can you explain the increase in the number of fans?
Today was just a great feeling.
The basketball players said Sakari pehkonen as in 1995, when Finland was playing in the European Championships against France in Athens lopputurnauksessa maroussin football hall.
Pehkonen not exaggerated.
I remember a game when I was on the ground.
So too were the Finns, who shouted some 100 to 20 000 spectators driving, otherwise empty hall.
What pehkonen had said that 19 years later, World Cup, Finland a-ottelun after Ukraine?
In Bilbao, the 100 troops kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti flnnlsh fans.
The European Games in 1995 was a Finnish basketball etsikko football time.
Men cleared their way into the tournament by winning the final in, among other things, the Russian qualifier match in Helsinki in the sport.
That Victory opened the doors to the cream.
It all looked good.
It was promising youngsters, such as Hanno möttölä.
Head coach Henrik Dettmann brought an end to the chalk lines möttölän tournament team.
The solution, many of which had a different view.
Now we can say that was a smart Dettmann, although not everything went according to the script.
After Athens basketball team dived in to the deep.
At the Athens Games was reportedly present flnns total a little more than 100.
It belonged to a group of reporters, players, relatives, Finnish basketball coaches and some of the fans.
In bilbaossakin journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
The phenomenon has grown to unacceptable proportions.
No one will know the exact number of tourists flnnlsh race.
The estimates are the movement between 7 to 10, 000 to 500.
Whatever the number, there is an unbelievable amount.
This is the sports sociologist explained.
In a global economy, businesses are moving across borders.
In sport, there is still an opportunity to look at how we go internationally.
Increased mobility, we can go to and see how our boys and our girls are in the world, says sports sociology professor Hannu Itkonen.
Certainly in the air in both Spain and the World Cup in Poland's flnns seeking experience.
A common experience.
It doesn't explain everything.
In fact, sport should be an attraction.
The popular culture to raise Itkonen sport.
A lower threshold for going to sports games to Berlin to see the art.
Without the success of the masses still can't move.
Let's get back to 1995.
Then head coach Dettmann challenged basketball players and the Soviet Union, launching the sport professionally.
Nearly 10 years went by.
Then changed direction and the operation of the team to put up on a pedestal.
Air ball movement, some of the same people did in the past.
Both are now enjoying the fruits of the work.
As Itkonen said, both species have managed our products at their summit Sport, which operates the holy trinity of the sport, media and sponsors.
Then, too, the public interest.
And the media has taught us, this kind of support is what karnevalistinen Itkonen, recalls.
Whether this massive interest in football to move species to homely series?
Basket and air on the ball playing, on average, or slightly more than the hundreds of thousands of viewers.
Itkonen, not necessarily a good question to answer, which promised to be very good for the species.
The other school believes interest in the move.
The second is it does not want to have too much of a good thing.
This crew is ready to experience the journey to the World Cup, but the basic thinking in their home series two aren't interested.
It is a challenge for the company to people in the midst of the thrill.
The backup site for bottaksen - almost 1.5 hectares of the lake on the beach
The Formula One driver Valtteri nastola rewards bottaksen Beach home on the property.
The government approved the 1.4 hectares of land donation unanimously at its meeting on Monday.
The site is free for housing in the future.
In nastola followed the success of the kart bottaksen this time.
He is seen as a good ambassador of the bay, and promote the rural nastola.
The gift is located in koiskalassa, kärkjärven beach.
It has come to the capital as part of a bigger nastola property trade.
There are seven in the demolition of the building, which is right on the break at the expense of the six out, by the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1 competition in the Belgian part of its fourth ball first prize this year.
He is fifth in the World Cup points.
Bottas is indigenous and lived his childhood in nastola villähteellä.
She currently lives in England but comes in nastola whenever there is free formu parasites.
Bottas has visited the upper school and nuorisotiloissa.
The intelligent designer clothes - but not for the poor
It's presented and it is currently being tested in New York in the U.S. Open tennis competition.
Ralph Lauren smart shirts tester is the ball, but also the university a top amateur players Marcus Giron should be like that.
According to him, the shirt to help her to monitor and regulate the development of its own recovery.
The nylon shirt is woven silver sensor, which compresses the shirt is mokkulaan and then on to smart phone or tablet computer.
Sensors measure heart rate, breathing rhythm, stress and steps.
The central units mokkula before throwing off his shirt in the washing machine.
The fashion house has not told the exact time for shirt sales start, nor is it even the price of tech vihjaissut, Times reporting.
Raph Lauren is not the only company investing in smart clothes.
California Athos has brought the sale of smart shirts and smart shorts.
They measure your heart rate, breathing and muscles work.
The clothes will cost $100 a pop, from the size of a thumb and called for a central unit to pay two hundred dollars.
The techno clothing also wrote Red orbit.
The smart way to save the textbooks
University of costs in America than in many students with $1,000, so as soon as they start the second school year Matt Schroeder came up with a clever way to save on costs.
He developed a system in which exchange rates a year later their students borrow books for a nominal fee, instead they sell on the same road.
"my math book would normally cost $180; I paid for it, for the whole of the chapter for $10 and a big Sandwich ', says Schroeder, a 19-year-old who's studying at Covenant College in the state of Georgia.
Schroeder tells me that in his last academic term is normally paid $430.
Instead, he used it to $120.
The university board, according to the average college student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and school supplies to the students, but has many ways to reduce costs.
Students will increasingly use online trade ideas such as Schroeder and creative approach.
An increasing number of students rent textbooks, when they will be able to use the book as a whole number of months and pay less than students are buying the book.
More than 250 campus book trade should neebo Inc, according to the business textbooks, renting has doubled since 2011.
In the area of statistics reveal that about a quarter of the university book shop books last spring was temporary, company chairman Trevor Neebo Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores, a trade organization, less than half of all books purchased on the campus book trade.
In this simple ways to save money.
The online trade
The online trade in a new book can get only a third of the price of what it would cost in the campus book trade.
Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler 'calculus book' ninth edition of the recommendation, the price is almost $290, but on special documents online trade paper gets at chegg.com, 239 to 99 dollars.
Buying Used
Used books are a good option, if readers do not interfere with the other's notes, and after the appearance.
For example, '' The calculus makes use of Chegg.com online at 93, for $49.
Brigham Young University students last year, Matt casaday, 25, says he bought a 'Strategic Media decisions: understanding the business end of the Amazon.com of online advertising business" used only at 0.42 dollar.
The new book would have cost $48.
The Massachusetts University College School Without Walls amherst's director ngrid Bracey and other academics in recommending that students ask their professor, can be used in the course of previous editions.
Sometimes, the new edition of the education reforms are not essential.
In this case, the old edition can be found at only a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
In addition to bookshops and Amazon chegg- eBay inc's half.com 52.50.12 purchase is a popular spot.
Renting
Textbooks, renting is worth considering if you should take good care of them, remember to return every year that they do not need it courses.
Renting, you can save more than 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, '' the calculus for the entire term of the lease will cost around $20.
Access to the leasing company's rules, such as accent notes, using the pen and wear the next payment.
Another rancher, be careful: if you forget to return the book, late payments can be greater than the purchase price.
E Books
E books rather than ordinary paper can also come into question.
Sometimes these books to rent, paid for the rights to its use of E paper holder, for example, Amazon.com, Barnes & Noble Inc or chegg- book trade.
The Chegg shop 'calculus book' The books for six months, to the tune of $61.
According to the literature, students many braceyn save most because many of the classics can now be downloaded for free, while science and technology books can be very expensive.
It is worth comparing the different vendors, then choose options.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin pepperdinen Faculty of Law, recommends the use of Good Book ISBN number in the price, because it will ensure that the search for the right book.
Before you order online, make sure that the book will be in stores, Gault said.
He himself learned this the hard way.
They buy the book delivery was put on hold for four weeks, and in the end he had to book the full cost of the university book store.
Tampere Legion Theatre turns 20
Established in 1994, the theater as opposed to unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
We have to welcome all those who want to make the performing arts.
The words of a local hobby activities 35 times, 17 to the age of the long-term unemployed.
In the often takes the position of the society.
In recent years, there has been, among other things, depression is depression, Moderata minäminäminä! - humorous accounts of narcissism and classic fittings.
I believe that each person is able to change their own lives.
Burnt dead, almost twice the number of people compared to last year
The fires have died this year, almost double the number of people compared to last year.
In central Finland, Rescue Organisation (Spek), according to the media monitoring so far in the fires have already killed 55 people in 49 different fires.
Last year, a similar fire death was 31.
The majority of those killed, 36, has been president.
More than 65 years of age was 11.
The organization fire death, according to the statistics, the situation was worse than the last time in 2009, when by the end of August in the fires that have killed 64 people.
The majority of fire deaths occur in homes.
In apartment blocks, there have been 17 deaths in house fires, 21, as well as terraced houses and other small seven.
Spek points out a home fire safety once.
At home all I warned the fire act should ensure spekin.
In addition, all should check that the fire-fighting equipment to easily take place.
Of all the spaces in the home must also be unobstructed exit routes.
Children also should be told what they're allowed to use their electronic devices while at home alone.
At the NATO summit in Newport and Cardiff the first protest:
Opponents of the protest against the NATO summit in Newport last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the city center to the Newport Nato marched.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered for the town house, known only to the Cardiff summit.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke to the demonstrators, who had arrived from Belgium, and even all the way.
Young people were rescued from the Blue Mountains of Australia By Air
Two teenagers patikoitsijaa increased to security in their night stuck in New South Wales in Australia, in the Blue Mountains.
A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man were hiking after midday on a Sunday to mobilized to a staging area at Blackheath's Govetts leapille.
The concerns of young people, who had not returned home, and called the police from iltakahdeksalta.
The local police and the helpers consisted of search party was sent to look for the young, and the duo was found at about 23 near Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl had hurt his knee, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Police spent the night with a partner, and he was brought to safety on Monday morning.
The hikers were taken in an ambulance to the Blue Mountains Hospital and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian military withdrew from Lugansk airport
Ukrainian troops have withdrawn from the Lugansk airport.
Ukraine, according to the army, the soldiers were given an order perääntymis.
Ukraine, according to the parachute troops have fought together with Russian tanks on the ground.
Representatives of the other side of the army with cannon fire has been so precise that, as the shooter probably is a professional Russian soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have been killed.
In the south-east of Ukraine asovanmerellä off artiilery hits yesterday received a Ukrainian patrol vessel went down in the morning, telling border guards.
Eight Marine soldiers have been saved and two are still missing.
The border guards had no certainty about what the beginning was.
The separatists said yesterday in its social media shot from the outset.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, according to Russia not to attack Ukraine.
Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukrainian forces must immediately withdraw to positions for which they can not fire on civilians.
The foreign minister, according to the Minsk talks today between Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE to achieve an immediate ceasefire without conditions.
Lavrov also reiterated that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First of all, we will protect our interests, our economy, our businesses, the social sector.
At the same time, we will draw conclusions about our partners, Lavrov said.
Heavy rains had flooded the Copenhagen and Malmö
On Sunday, streets in Malmö and Copenhagen, when heavy rains lashed the southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters cut off several roads, confusing traffic and buried under their car.
On Sunday authorities assessed that the floods could take a break, even though the rain was forecast to stop by Monday.
Hard rain took us by surprise, the Swedish authorities, no advance warning of the rainy weather.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute on-callflight meteorologist Ari mustala estimates that the region had the rain front was very local.
The rain in the region appears to be narrow and permanent.
No wonder, then, if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists' should be shut 'and help France, Francois hollanden prime sponsor says
Valls called on the deeply divided in its feelings left "näyttämään 'difficulties, the Socialist president, which the new composition of the government does not have the approval of the majority of the French people.
The president deserves all the respect he deserves our loyalty, our support.
"it is our duty to stay by her side, 'Valls said and earned applause.
As a gesture to win the Prime Minister called for the government to leave the French alone of the controversial 35-hour working week despite new economic minister, Emmanuel macronin earlier this week, the debate on the proposal that the rules should be relaxed.
On Saturday, Hollande called on the Socialists to work in cooperation with the government, I thought.
However, Mrs Justice Minister Christiane caused friction appeared to differing opinions by Socialist MPs to a meeting of the Socialist party and criticised the fact that it allows', the French to give up hope for the future. "
Far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen ridiculed the Socialists' constant mutual disagreements and said that the new government does not believe vallsin lasting a few months longer.
Francois Hollande may have left the war, but so soitellen including Manuel Valls, which had a duty to form the new government after the last one didn't even last summer.
"the new government will not last until the autumn or winter, 'Le Pen told journalists.
He reiterated his party's proposal for the dissolution of the parliament and was sure his party's election victory in early elections, and he is ready to lead the party.
France's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March municipal elections and the extreme right to the top of the agenda in the May European elections.
The Journal du Dimanche newspaper to appear Sunday, opinion polls show that 76% of the French believe that the Socialist Party may disintegrate into several rival groups before hollanden end in 2017.
Po University political scientist Pascal Perrineau warned that the French will soon lose patience if the new Socialist government did not succeed in improving the economy and record high unemployment.
"there is a small chance of success, but the public should note quickly that change has to happen," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate even further.
Lmportant betrayed the Morning presenter Kirsi, Finland Alm isopod, a meteorologist and Nina rahkolan Pekka poudan lmportant failed badly in the Save programme.
Good Morning Ireland programme published last Thursday on the Facebook page of a video recording made on Thursday.
The video presenter Kirsi Alm isopod nlna rahkola and meteorologist Pekka pouta trying to tape a commercial advertisement on the morning of the next day's broadcast, but the tape doesn't go right up to the pipeline.
Alm isopod freaking out in his word, when he tries to pronounce the word budget think tank, and he also receives sekoilunsa poudan rahkolan pokkansa and lose time and time again.
And this--heroes should withdraw live coverage, even in the morning tomorrow, Finland's Facebook update said.
The video has become a very popular on Facebook and liked on Facebook as well as that distributed more than 10,000 times.
A picture in the press office worked yea-long K. pouta, 68, was the third in a series of potrettien in 1972.
The figure is the Israeli prime minister Golda Meir.
The building houses the champions in Helsinki fredrikinkadulla held a meeting of the Socialist International in May 1971.
In a meeting of the heads of state and security measures were enormous.
When Golda Meir was in the bathroom, went with seven bodyguards.
In the beginning of the meeting, but we got a good five minutes to describe.
I took this photo of the four of five meters.
The light and the background were in place.
Now, I understand that this time I did it.
The meirin face seen that leaders in the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
When the competition was known for persons or events.
It is fantastic that we can now succeed in other images, ideas and visual tweaking.
This is the second best picture, which I have.
The best is the -lasse virénin fall picture of the Munich Olympic Games.
I didn't send it to the competition.
Big leap: primeval investigation has already cost more than EUR 5 million
Helsinki police drug unit of the legality of the investigation has cost more than EUR 5 million and 50 people working for 30 years.
So in its Jyri border hill of the University of Jyväskylä doctoral work in information technology.
The decline suggests that the legality of the police action and the fight against crime in general could be improved considerably by combining the investigations and legal systems.
The border, according to The Hill, modern technology allows forensic material multifunctionality.
He said that it is possible to build a system to collect information of a crime is automatically evidence chain-length meet electronic evidence of material and, at the same time, allows for a comprehensive law supervision.
Big leap checked on Saturday.
YLE: in 1999, the idea of vegetarian food left on the wall of the school: "into the vegetable diet of fish and chicken food."
A picture of a woman on the wall of the school trip pirkkalalaisen special release caused a stir in social media, the YLE says on its web page.
Vegetarian diners are already!
The school lunch vegetable diet of fish and chicken food.
Only when the item is preparing the meat, to plant an alternative.
That is what is stated in the wall inside the school, 15 years old in the Bulletin.
You can see a picture here.
The spread of social media has led people to send pirkkalan shocked the feedback.
The purity of the food and the service, the head of the Arja vaarma notes to YLE, The Wall missed a note that is not the case and should have been removed long ago.
Apparently, before I came here, I had this idea that has been discussed at the time with health care.
Each student gets his wish of a meal, he says to YLE.
On this day in schools to pupils pirkkalan offered vegetarian food option only in the parents' permission and health certificate issued by a doctor or nurse on the vegetarian diet.
Vaarma justified solution to YLE, vegetarian food experiments that young people may leave the nutrition of beef and chicken, or just a lack of raises questions for parents.
Norwegian Cruise close to 3 billion dollars worth of prestige cruise deal
Nchl.o Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd, the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy its rival Prestige Cruises International Inc., for $3 billion in the company, the information we have from the matter closely in dealing with the people.
Trade with Norwegian cruise company, which is the market value of 6.8 billion dollars, available to the Prestige Cruises company luxury cruisers and wealthy customers ahead of its competition on the great Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (rcl.n) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) against the company.
According to the sources of information about a possible agreement will be published this week, although it is also possible that the negotiations do not produce results.
Prestige Cruises, the owner of the company, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), which also owns 20 percent of Norwegian cruise company.
The sources did not want their names made public, because the negotiations were not conducted in the public eye.
Prestige Cruises and Norwegian cruise company representatives did not respond to requests for comment, and a representative for Apollo declined to comment.
From Miami to norwegian cruise company 13 cruise ships, which cover routes map of North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, the Mediterranean, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was $57 billion.
Prestige Cruises, which operates also from Miami, sailing and Regent oceania- brändinimillä, which include a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers Russia, Scandinavia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was $2 billion, which is six percent more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars' worth of cruise industry is expected to benefit from the coming in of emerging economies such as China and India, rising middle classes.
Companies are competing to become the new number one option for customers choosing their cruise.
Prestige cruises of the United States stock market registered its first shares to the launch in January 2014.
Apollo has owned most of the shares in 2007, after the trade, which was worth $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was established in its current structure in the year 2000, the United Genting Bhd (GENT.KL) cruise with the company; the latter is Malaysian billionaire Lim thayn entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested $1 billion to a Norwegian cruise company in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise went to public companies in January 2013.
Published data, according to the accounts of the company gentingin was 28%, 20% and Apollo, the private equity company TPG Capital lp:n accounts for 8% of the end of June.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean and Norwegian cruise company cruises- one calculated the share of North American cruise capacity is 82%, shows the prestige cruise companies issuing shares in connection with the publication of the registration document.
In Tampere, the city government is dealing with today.
The city government hopes Animalia from strong support for the initiative.
Animalian, executive director for the Tampere University thesis for the Salla convicted Hazard delfinaarioiden in Finland and around the world should be closed as soon as possible.
In the last few years around the world, fortunately, is the widespread perception that developed in mammals such as dolphins, accounting delfinaarioissa not animal protection and ethically sustainable.
This view also hope emanating from Tampere.
Not only is the abolition of delfinaarion animal rights issues, including the question of the Tampere's image as a tourist destination, condemned the danger point.
The risk of the death sentence, according to the requirements of the dolphin Näsi delfinaario orderly operation.
Näsin death is sad to särkkä peninsula delfinaarion history.
It is time to put an end to these deaths, to close the prison, as well as the Dolphins start to find out how the Tampere dolphins could be transferred to Sea Limited in the region, a kind of dolphin shelters, condemned the danger.
Your BFF didn't have time to return to the Dolphins, the original living environment, but I hope the rest of the time the dolphins living in the peninsula särkkä experience yet more life than virikkeettömän concrete basin, bringing the risk of hope.
The Animal Protection League animalian aim is that all species of wild animals in circuses to be banned in the pipeline is an overall reform of the law on the Protection of Animals.
The list also includes delfinaariot.
In order to support the activities of the risk involved in the doomed animalian 1.9. today. The protest on behalf of the Dolphins.
The Japanese embassy in Helsinki, the demonstrations will be held in Japan on the start of the dolphin hunting season.
During the hunting season, imprisoned or brutally killed each year, either to the Dolphins dk-2300 delfinaarioiden or food.
Putin calls for Kiev to open new negotiations with states in east Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that Ukraine's government to stop the campaign against the separatists in the east of the country, and to begin immediate negotiations on the break up of the region, the Russian news agency "valtiomaisuudesta 'sources say.
His spokesman Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that it does not mean that Mr Putin, for control of eastern Ukraine's separatist region to become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine to consider it again, so that we can give to the Russian-speaking population, the power to defend their own rights and interests.
Putin was in Kiev to government demands for negotiations with the rebels and Russia as equal negotiating partners with his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: he is trying to help the separatists to take over the region and forcing the Ukrainian government in practice to give the newly declared novorossijalle independence, enabling it to Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with Channel 1 TV channel, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's efforts to take back control of the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, which the separatists captured in March and April, Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula itself on 18 March.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped to novorossijaksi ',' 'New Russia' - Russia's term for this is to remind the major powers of the revolution before the glory days.
According to the Russian news agency said Putin Itar Tassin, that the planned peace talks are "illuusiota 'as long as Ukrainian politicians campaign on 26 October parliamentary elections and for the government forces are attacking civilians in areas controlled by the separatists.
"we need to start immediately negotiations, not only on the technical aspects, but also in society and the role of the state in the south-east of Ukraine would take into account the interests of the people who live there, 'he says.
According to Mr Putin's reference to the peskovin "valtiomaisuudesta 'linked to greater independence, which has been debated for months in Kiev with the leadership of the Russian-speaking region trying to dispel fears that their cultural and linguistic rights are under threat.
Only the government of Ukraine can be granted to the eastern regions need their independence, Peskov said.
On this issue there can be no debate between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict."
The Kremlin's representative for the comment, which was intended to make Mr Putin's comments "väärä interpretation ', pointed out that the Russian administration will deal with the separatist rebellion in the eastern regions than in Crimea, when it practically every year, of which about 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even in Donetsk or Lugansk regions in eastern Ukraine, because most of the residents of the region of 6.5 million people is not ethnically Russian, and prior to the conflict, as the opinion polls show that the majority of the population in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, Russian diplomats have discussed at international forums, Ukraine to local governments the right to set their own trade agreement and its foreign relations, which would give the Kremlin virtually in the territory of the Russian Federation, Crimea.
In the Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, the head of the Russian navy and the commercial shipping port in the coastal areas and historic sites.
In Rostov, Russia between Crimea and the region's mining and metallurgical factories, which produce nsulattamoita vital products for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed in June that virkaanastumispuheessaan 7 Ukraine - new legislators after the elections - are considering amendments to the constitution, in order to increase the area of the Ukrainian nuclear power from different areas of the economy and their own languages.
His independence on television, however, differ sharply from the Kremlin and Moscow, and perhaps bring armed separatist views.
Putin made his latest call for negotiations as the government in Kiev and Russia as equal partners with the rebels, after the insurgents advanced more in the last week, Russian tanks and troops into eastern Ukraine from the previously peaceful areas in the azovin Sea coast.
Ukrainian security officials fear that the Russian support seppies novoazovskin City take control is the beginning of a larger effort, which is intended to take over the whole of the strategically important coastal region of Crimea.
It has led to a massive civil and military staff to the city to mariupolin. Half a million people known as the Mariupol steel as a lucrative port city, which is located on the Crimean peninsula and novoazovskin leading to narrow the area in between.
Poroshenko said on Saturday in Brussels for the European Union's leaders begging for additional measures to prevent future violations of Russia in Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"we will soon reach a point of no return, 'Poroshenko warned.
The Ukrainian region now has thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit made no direct action; decisions on further sanctions on leaders so that they can be put in place if the Ukraine crisis flared again in unexplained circumstances.
The Ukrainian military was to withdraw from their positions in the region of two Russian tanks ilovaiskin title and 1, 000 soldiers move last week to Donetsk region to reinforce the separatists, Andriy Lysenko, the Ukrainian colonel of the National Security and Defence Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
According to the first Russian lysenkon ilovaiskissa stop 63 of the Ukrainian military to exchange 10 Russian parachute jumper before, who were imprisoned in the Ukraine region a week ago.
Milan's opening goal did laistaituri Keisuke Honda of Japan in the seventh minute of the game.
In the second half 10.2005 Sulley Muntari hit first and, a little later, Jeremy Menez on the penalty.
I got to paint laziokin tomorrow after the game in the final minute penalty, but goalkeeper Diego Lopez rejected Antonio candrevan shot.
Lopez moved into this period of milaniin to Real Madrid.
The former Milan striker lkon inzaghin coaching debut in San Siro stadium was only half full.
For the game, the crowd was announced at 39 000 people.
Australian and Gabi Grecko in the famous nude into the vortex of the scandal
Geoffrey Edelsten has announced that he is shocked, hackers may steal his fiancėe and a list of Hollywood stars Gabi greckon nudes.
In the entertainment world's flow, after a series of nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence were published on the Internet as a celebrity photo hacking scandal.
The hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 nudie, Nudie, Nudie of Hunger Games star Lawrence and other super stars, such as the summit of model Kate and Cara uptonista delevingnestä slnger rihannasta, Ariana Grande, Lea Michelle and Kirsten dunstista, as well as an actor.
Teresa Palmer, the Australian actress Emily Browning, who lives in Melbourne, and Yvonne strahovskin greckon Pictures appears to have been stolen in iCloud leak.
The list of 101 famous names.
Greckoa last month proposed Edelsten told the magazine, "Confidential this is disgusting."
All personal contacts and photos to stay private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and disseminated.
In the New York case is reported in the online mention greckon journal to "häpeälliseksi 'and said that the victims "tuntevat themselves disgraced. "
The hacker is believed to be the image of the last 30 on Palmer this boy friends with Scott Speedman, including two shots of Palmer in topless by the pool.
Palmer is one of the merits of the film, including film 'love and only an actor Liam honor" hemsworthin.
Chuck Palmer, the star of Sucker Punch actress, Browning and Strahovski did not comment yesterday to break into pictures.
Lawrence's representative told the magazine that the 'TMZ is a brazen violation of privacy. "
Actor Seth Rogen was angered to hackers twiitissään: 'phone theft is no different from the publication of the images in any way from the sale of stolen product. "
The publication of the stolen photos should not be made possible from the legal point of view alone.
Finland played most of their home ground and rose to an incredible victory for Cuba in the World Cup.
See pictures of the fan euphoria.
Katowice, Poland, on Monday was not the polish red and white: the white the Finnish bluella White.
Finland was followed by victory in the arena with almost 2000 Spodek stt:n flnnlsh supporters.
It was like playing at home.
Such a big impact on the fans was the game, the Finnish captain Antti siltala said stt:lle.
Finland was the in the match by losing already Erin 0 2, but rose to victory in a 3 to 2.
In the fourth round, Finland made a miracle of rising six points behind.
Cuba led for 10 of the last 16, but then the Finns got her going on.
A couple of hundred flnnlsh fans had disappointed when an airport for charter plane was unable to land because of heavy fog katowiceen.
So the Warsaw fans have missed the match.
Finnish football fans have conquered Europe at a fast pace in the last few days.
In Bilbao, Spain, in the Basketball World Cup, Finland has more than 8,000 fans here.
Like each of the basket would have been match winning basket, the USA star player, Stephen Curry, praised flnns basketball fans on Saturday after the match.
The board meeting will not be sent as a direct result of the technical problems
Kouvola city council meeting today will not be able to see the Internet as a broadcast.
The bulletin said the consignment is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvola regrets the situation in the city.
After a few days, you can look at the record of the meeting.
Kouvola City Council meetings have been unable to watch via the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The decision followed a direct 13.10.2014.
The Board of Governors meeting of the video can be found at http: / / www.kouvola .fi /index aikuisvaestolle / action / decision / en.html governors in kouvola from the city and the online Youtube channel.
