The city joins Juankoske Kuopio in the city since the beginning of 2017.
The Kuopion liitoksen City council approved unanimously on Monday.
The town council adopted Juankoske annexing the last week.
Municipal liitokse of Tuusnieme options.' was also involved in the municipality, but the council decided that the Tuusniemi to continue as an independent.
Kuopio Juankoski and decide the next municipal elections to be carried out separately.
Municipal elections will be held next year in 2016.
After the accession of the Kuopion Juankosken has a population of approximately 111 000
The Indian and Japanese prime ministers to meet in Tokyo
India's new Prime Minister Narendra modi meets Japanese counterpart Shinzo Aben in Tokyo, to discuss economic and security relations, in the first major foreign visit since his election victory.
The Model of the five-day Japan visit is intended to strengthen economic relations, the world's third largest economy.
The topics at the top of the plans for an expanded ydinvoimayhteistyöstä.
India is also said to be interested in a defence cooperation agreement with Japan.
Putin: Ukraine troops shoot civilians
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused the Kiev leadership that they refuse to direct political talks with the separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The current Kiev's leadership does not want to implement essential political debate with the eastern part of his country, Putin said, according to the news agency Itar-Tassi.
He also said that a Russian separatists, who Kiev and the West say is assisted by the Russian army, tried to push Ukrainian forces away from them this time for their places, which Mr Putin said that Ukraine's armed forces shoot civilians.
Their goal is to push the militants away from the armed forces and their artillery, so that they do not get the opportunity to shoot the people in the region, Putin said.
The incident took place on Friday and Saturday Ryrmikorjaamolla.
It was surprised that already quite porukka came back in the early evening.
Visitors were expected during the two days, Tom Kangas promottori says.
Seinäjoki hiphop Festival 'to be held for the third time.
Again next year.
We are going to be still hiphop-festarit, namely poppia, Kangas is not going to assure.
In Finland, on Tuesday will enter into force a law that restricts the manufacture of explosives for the acquisition of appropriate substances
In future, individuals will need to apply for permission from the government to buy or keep possession of such substances or mixtures which could be used in explosives, as starting material.
Such substances are all vetyperoksidi nitro an upgrade, nitrogen happo, potassium kloraatti, potassium perkloraatti, sodium and sodium kloraatti mixtures containing them, if certain pitoisuusarvot are exceeded.
Vetyperoksidia, for example, is cleaning and washing detergents, but concentrations are generally below the limit values.
For example, biomethane nitro kiihdytys are used in
Before the entry into force of the law from purchased materials must not, however, possess and use the 2 March 2016.
George Webster is accused Pitlochryn Nairnin and hotel rape
Hotel in two cases of rape accused awaiting trial.
George Webster, 28, heard the prosecution ' Glasgow's secondary in the Court of First Instance during the session
He is accused of the rape, which took place in the province Perthshiren Pitlochryn Scotland ' s-hotelli on 7 June 2013.
Webster is accused of attacking the woman "in a condition of consciousness, sleep essa, and are thus unable to make a decision themselves".
In addition to Webster, accused of another rape Yläma during Nairnissa in the Golf View -hotellissa 4 May 2014.
In accordance with the decision of judge Lady Raen trial will take place in Edinburgh on 17 November, the higher Court of First Instance.
Valioliiga: Super Raheem was - Mario was overshadowed - Valioliiga - today.'
Only 19-year-old Raheem Sterling showed again why he is considered englantilaise's football as a hope for the future
White Hart Lane had an electronic atmosphere on Sunday when Mario Balotellilla strengthened Liverpool Tottenhamin arrived as a guest.
Super Marion clash was promising: Experienced englantilais journalists saw the 24-year-old Italian has done field work on an entirely different attitude than Manchester City -aikoina.
Balotelli was still a long way off from his peak
An Italian wasted three good quality paint and snare from sixteen syötöstään only half of their own team.
The players already suosikikseen put Pool-kannattajat are waiting for a better future.
Brendan Rodgers replaced Liverpool manageri Balotellin had travelled back to Barcelona's Luis Suarezin role as the second team alongside Daniel Sturridgen aggressor.
The team tähtenä kimalsi Balotellin keskikentän diamonds instead of Raheem Sterling, who tökkäsi 3-0-voiton an important avausmaalin over Hugo Llorisin.
Sterling, 19, not only loista tehoillaan.
Less than 20 cents per Balotellia opponent englantilainen is between the lines like a fish in water.
There is not a general feature for a player who, at best, to thank nurme, with approximately 34 km
Rodgers also Sterlingi development deserves great credit.
The Northern Ireland explained after the match how Liverpool has systematically developed Wembleyn increased luoteislontoolaisesta hot laitakiitäjää a more complete player.
Susanna Mälkki was elected to the Helsinki kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestariksi - "I am delighted and proud"
The Helsinki municipal government has decided to appoint nyt Susanna Mälki's Helsinki City orchestra orchestra to usher in the next autumn of 2016 onwards.
Newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times, have asked what the orchestra he will take the next step.
Susanna Mälkki says it will begin his new post with great pleasure and pride.
The Helsinki City Orchestra has played a key role in our country's musical life for more than 100 years, including a large number of music Sibeliuksen.
The orchestra has been led by the Finnish conductor and I have worked with many of the orchestra's past.
I look forward to our future cooperation ", he says.
Employee unions on pension regimes for the talks - homeland - the regions - news - Karjalainen
Pension negotiations today to acquire a new impetus to the trade unions of their own kokoontumisista.
Employees' unions SAK, STTK Akava and the administration was on the morning of the negotiating situation.
Then the actual pension negotiations are to continue.
The social partners are troubled, among other things, having a far dispute over the retirement age to life expectancy.
The organisations have promised a career this autumn, but the latest estimates that it would come this week.
Pihtipudas.
Air rovaniemeläinen women's league team Woman Vampula Volley nousija league stumbled on the athletes Pihtiputaa in the dry-run tournament Final on Sunday.
The five Vampula cut was a late-night match 3-2 voito.
The last instalment WoVo lost 15-11.
A neighbour was always one step ahead
The battle was good, but the defensive game and passport Vampula our game was slightly better, saw coach WoVon Teemu Mäkikyrö.
It was therefore WoVon kuusikko risainen that Jennifer 190-senttinen American sentteri Keddy was stuck back on the sidelines.
Sentterinä played Sara Niemi.
Karoliina Kyllönen was despite his thumb injury in a game and became WoVon Johanna Pekkarise, with the strongest combination.
Jenna hakkurina started Jaudzemalle Jana Keskimäki made to make room for the duration of the last tranche of 1.5.
The best part is Vampula was a skilful Russian libero Hillaelina Hämäläinen passari, which toured WoVo as much as possible.
To prepare for the league WoVon continues next weekend with HPK Hämeenlinna during the training camp comes to Rovaniemi.
The team will face on Saturday would " kauppiksella " at 18 in a training game.
On Sunday, will be repeated in college sports.
Lidl takoo huge figures in Finland
The company's Finnish kasvoi turnover of stores at the end of February that ended years of accounts for almost 25 percent of the nearly 1.2 billion.
The company tulostietojaan issued on Monday.
Lidl in Finland now has a total of 142 shops, and enlargement is going to continue.
Lidl also told us that the last accounting period Finland paid taxes of almost 14 million.
Lidl Finland Lidl belongs to the German group.
The company has more than 4 200 employees in Finland.
Ovarian cancer deaths are more frequent in sparsely populated areas hankaloitunee late diagnosis and care,
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have published a letter to the video as a tribute to his mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
In Australia, women living in rural areas have a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than those living in urban areas.
The researchers went through the more than 1100 Australians in 2005 received a diagnosis of ovarian cancer in a woman's medical records and said that only 35% of women, i.e. more than five years after diagnosis.
The main researcher, Susan Jordan -keskuksesta QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute confirms that the sparsely populated and remote regions live 20% more likely women died during the study than women living in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs may slow lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers went through the history of women's health for seven years.
According to the doctor, Susan Jordan, also a woman's age at diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, earlier disease and the socio-economic situation of the affected the
A elderly women and the wider spread of the cancer diagnosis, the probability of survival at the time of the was the lowest.
The sparsely populated and remote regions live women died during the study, 20% more likely than women living in urban areas.
The study was not designed to explain why those who live outside the cities, women are less likely to survive ovarian cancer, but Jordan regarded as potential reasons for the delayed diagnosis and access to care.
I " gynaecological oncology specialists treat this disease better, and their reception they are located mostly in large cities ", Jordan says.
Although the distance services which treatments are becoming more frequent and, in the distance, the researchers suggest doctors' increasing mobility, so that specialised potila can play closer to their homes, as well as programmes to support far away from home.
Dr Jordan, according to a study of ovarian cancer sufferers' long-term survival rate is not good, irrespective of their geographical location, which highlights the need for better treatments and better cancer prevention programs.
Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön funded research is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March of 2012 33-vuotiaa by Gold Coastissa by resident Elisha Neavella by housewife found a malignant ovarian cancer.
The city of Rovaniemi, wants a stronger role in terms of friendship parkki's activities in the park, which is located next door to the Hotel
On Monday, the municipal government decided that the friendship of the park and its surroundings in the zoning proposal sets out to see public service
The proposed formula is being asked for an opinion from the commission and the
Through zoning changes, the city wants to allow the tourism engine kelkkailu continued activity in the region.
There is a park, which includes the current friendship park and its joe and the area in between
There is, according to the proposal on 15 November and 30 November huhti during a period lasting a maximum of 200 motorcycles kelkka.
The region must not be allowed to invest in certain parts of the fueling
The new park area may also supply transport.
The city of Rovaniemi vuokran nut, is a region of friendship park safari companies use in motor
The lease has been renewed in the spring of 2014, and the agreement is in force by spring 2018.
The change has aroused kovaäänistäkin kaavamuutos Kelkkaparkkitoiminta and resistance.
The blocks Naapuri inhabitants have been annoyed to vote than to worry about emissions as
However, emissions from the region have been examined, and studies have demonstrated the values for the above findings.
Renewed vähäpäästöisempää equipment is old
A car park vyyden able to support it, if that would be the point of origin to be transferred, should get out of the hotel to the customers'Seafaring of'Seafaring region.' bus, which had an estimated 15 departure day
Friendship Park area of the city and the surrounding environment is also kelko according to a sufficiently broad, rather than a substitute for starting places for the locations such as eastern Ounasjoe on the bridges of the boat quay vierus.
Friendship park is a good location for its activities in the future to expand Ounaspaviljongin, for example for the region.
Consolidating Parkki of minen, is part of the Rovaniemi city council to adopt an urban strategy, according to which the city's aim is create a framework for entrepreneurial activity sti by allocating sufficient high-quality regions logistically and operationally to the posts.
Friendship park is listed as a motor kelkkailu from where parts of the centre osayleiskaavaan, which has not yet entered into force.
The bill omistusasunto displays at garden shops
The decline in the number of construction, particularly in the under 35 group, may lead to a reduction in the turnover in garden stores tens of millions, when today's young consumers will reach the age of potential sales "in the garden". The Financial Times said the British horticultural sector trade union (the Horticultural Trades Association, HTA) research.
According to a report by the Financial Times vuokraaja house was used in gardening, only 55% of the use of money.
The study was also evident from the fact that more and more people live in the most urbanised in homes without gardens, and the whole garden is decreasing, while the courtyard makes no difference to increasingly carpark. These factors are threatening horticulture, whose estimated value is around £5 billion per year.
The London metropolitan area, ownership of housing has fallen from 61% to 43% in six years, and horticultural products per household spent less money throughout the country.
HTA's and Britain's horticultural Society (RHS) says that the the housing rent increase or a reduction in the size of the garden, however, does not mean that people are not able to grow crops.
RHS's Guy Barter, a leading horticultural consultant, says that, for example, in rearing sites increased va plants are particularly popular amongst vuokraaj of asunnonvuokraajien, because such educational series can, if necessary, to include in its muuto ".
HTA's years to 2005, according to the report, were the sales of the flowering in the garden period because housing ownership and wealth increased at the end of the middle of the 1990s. The 1980s
The report also predicted that trade improves this year thanks to better weather conditions, the weather in March and April of last year after more dreadful.
Turkey questioning American diplomats for spying report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has called on the country's most senior US diplomat in the country to give an explanation report concerning the Americans and the British to carry out espionage in Turkey.
The Deputy Prime Minister, according to the US embassy Bulentin affairs and the Turkish authorities have discussed the report on Monday.
The German Der Spiegel magazine and the online magazine The Intercept have written that the US national security agency, the National Security Agency, the NSA) analyst Edward Snowdenin former the leaked documents reveal that Turkey has been on the US and British intelligence services as the spy chief.
Turkish news agencies report that the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan played down the significance of the report, saying that all major countries have been spying on each other.
An earlier report by the German Intelligence Agency of the head to Ankara from spying on countries having vihaisemma reaction in the Turkish government.
Croze Cannes winner will appear in a new Finnish film
In a number of successful elokuv occurs nyt Canadian näyttelijä Marie-Josée Croze is devoted to women in a new part of the
Croze plays a guide Mikko Kuparisen in the film 2 night and morning, whose descriptions were launched this week in Lithuania.
Croze won the Cannes film festival for best female prime part of the prize for his role in the film, the of the invasion in 2003.
He has appeared in films including Steven Grand in Munich and Julian Schnabelin in the film in a butterfly glass domes.
2 in the morning and night -elokuvan miespääosassa is Mikko Nousiainen.
The film gets its ensi-ilta in Finland in September 2015.
Majorca Magalufin police chief accused of corruption
The case emerged Calviàn issued presented evidence of the police and municipal government officials from the blackmail in Majorca, the public prosecutor's office on Friday.
Located on the holiday island of Majorca Calviàn's police chief has been arrested on a wet Magalufin celebration known as the region's movement and the bar owners as a result.
The superintendent, José Antonio Navarro was placed in custody after a series of Punta Ballena -kadun issued owners filed corruption charges against him. The pound Ballena -kadulla are located, for the most part Magalufin bars and yökerhoista.
The online publication of a daily newspaper, according to Mallorca in the case have presented evidence that the police and the mayor Calviàn government officials from countries engaged in blackmail Majorca the anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
The Spanish civil guard arrested two other local police in connection with allegations of corruption, and they have a judge kuulusteltavina by together with.
Across the country, the national daily ABC wrote in carpeting owners angry authorities of bias, which was greatly hampered their businesses.
"This is not a question of money, but of survival", one business owner said
You do not destroy our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf was, in many countries the headlines this summer when online video levis went on YouTube, where an 18-year-old British holidaymaker was a sex with 24 men during a pub Crawlin '.
The island's authorities have since been trying to curb Magalufin holiday-makers humaltunutta and uncontrolled behaviour by reducing the use of the notorious, alcohol pub crawlien participants.
Furthermore Playhouse-yökerho, in what was described as a sex video, was ordered to shut down for a year, and the owner of the night club and pub were ordered jointly to pay fines of EUR 55 000.
Above all, the young British tourists among its Magalufin, a popular tourist destination is also has become popular with the trend of so-called balconing-trendi, which has caused several accidents caused by alcohol consumption, when people are asked hypän nee parvekkee are another or from the hotel.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the Gaza Strip returned to school Monday after spending the summer of bomb shelters, with rockets and rocket grenade bombing of their community in East in 50 days of war between Israel and Hamas, and schools remained closed in the region toipuessa battles.
The opening of schools was a source of joy and tension in rocket attacks on southern Israeli communities, but the fighting pommittamissa traces are still visible.
In the south, in the city Ashdodi Pashosh-päiväkodissa workers removed traces of shrapnel in the walls and out of lines before the arrival of children raketi for nurseries.
"We are a little bit afraid, but also thrilled", says Ronit Bart, who lives in live Saad-nimisessä kibbutsissa, in the Israeli kommuunissa, and working as English teachers in a school in the city.
Many people in this region live children desperately need rutiineja
The daughter of Bartin, on the Bartin intake that Shani school in return for a long time seems a little strange " ".
"We have had a difficult time between when we left home anywhere", she says.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the town close to the Gaza border kibbutsi, in offering his support in the
Before last week's ceasefire began, of the thousands of residents of border communities were stuck indoors or fled their homes to safer areas further from Gaza to escape the rockets and mortar fire.
Many of the Gaza front located near the community of Nahal Oz the residents are sceptical about the return of Palestinians to the kingdom kranaati 4-vuotiaa boy in the Community.
According to the Department of Education more than 10 families had not yet been returned.
The children of these families have so far been invested in alternative schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, a town near the Gaza border, which was heavy Palestinian tulitukse.
He encouraged the children to study hard and promised that "the children's education and safety is guaranteed".
Israel and Hamas agreed on an open-ended ceasefire last Tuesday.
A ceasefire stopped fighting immediately, but it did not bring the solution to many of the key issues, such as Hamas' demand for a lifting of the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza's air and sea routes opening up again
Israel wants to disarm Hamas and bring back the bodies of two of the fallen Israeli soldiers in the war.
Egypt is expected to be in a new round of indirect negotiations beginning later this month.
The Palestinians and the UN estimates that the war has killed more than 2100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children.
Israel has had a different view of the number of dead. It says at least half of the dead were soldiers, although it had no evidence of this.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker.
Hamas and the other were shot by soldiers in Gaza fighting 4 591 rockets and mortar into Israeli towns, mostly in the south.
In turn, the Israeli army took over 5 000 air strikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250, 000 people fled to the protection of more than 100 UN to maintain its long-standing school that had been converted into a temporary shelter.
Tens of thousands of people are still in shelters and fighting continued in the school authorities transferred to the school last week.
"I hope that the school will open soon and we can get back to school, just like other children in the world and just as Jewish children ", said in the city of Gaza school shelter people", 13-year-old Mohammad va Amara.
According to a commonly used index of housing prices have risen the most in seven years in September, Australia's winter
Australian capital city house prices mittaava RP Data CoreLogic -asuntojen Hedonic price index rose by 1.1% in August, RP emerged from the data on Monday.
With the rise in June, July and August, the increase in prices was a total of 4.2%, more than in the same months after 2007
The annual rise in prices was 10.9%, which is more than two times greater than in August 2013 over the previous 12 months, but prices have not risen evenly across the country.
The rp data research director Tim Lawlessin, world cups and Melbourne are prices at the top
Rp data's results show that house prices rose in Sydney and in Melbourne to 16.1% 11.7% in the previous year.
I Adelaide, Brisbane Darwini and the housing market is now the busiest; price increases, the average is about five to six percent.
The weakest housing market is in Canberra, where prices rose by just 1.4% per year as a result of government spending cuts.
According to Lawlessin Australia started spring increases the number of housing sales in the coming months, which is a real test for the housing market.
"Given the increase in housing sales to be auctioned, a generally lively pace of sales and the continuing low level of interest rates, it is likely that house prices will continue for the next three months", Lawless says.
The new museum has withdrawn Gösta nyt to record audiences Mänttä
The new museum and the arts have drawn record yleisöjä Mänttään this summer.
The art museum Serlac hiuks by the end of August, has visited more than 70 000 visitors.
Another Gösta museum was opened in June and there has been, among other things, have pop art Andy Warholilta and Roy Lichtensteinilta.
A similar week Mäntä once told his visitors on Monday made a record when it Hetkinen-tapahtumassa was this summer, I visited 14 500 who are interested.
The figures tälläis are not used.
People need lapannut doors and windows ", says director Pauli Sivonen Serlachius-museosta.
Sivonen, estimates that the number of visitors throughout the year Serlachius in museums, will this year close to
In previous years, visitors have been around 40 000.
In the middle of the Tampere and the Jyväskylän Mänttä-Vilppulassa is approximately 11 000 inhabitants.
Sivonen museojohtaja to remind you that the new museums are always open to the phenomenon.
"The challenge is to make a permanent phenomenon", he says.
We therefore hope that the art Mäntä era options.' continued far beyond the summer.
In the autumn ava new art museum exhibitions.
Police investigating the theft of four recent days Kajaanissa.
On Sunday evening, the business Pohjolankadulla liikekiinteistöön broken into by breaking a window.
Factor nut was received from a cash machine with a small amount of money.
Between Thursday and Monday Syväojankadulla had been stolen from a lorry tankista fuel.
Whereas Petäisenniska's boat port ty was taken between Sunday and Monday, with a boat perämoottoreineen.
Rowing vene was blond and inside Kalapalta-merkkinen off kellertevä.
In the interior, who said the leader of an " ".
A couple of the suspect steals police had to get kiinnikin.
On Sunday night Tikkapurontiellä liikekiinteistöön broken into.
The police watchdog received a trail and a few kymppinen paltamolais were found - from spruce forests of long-standing piileskele.
On Monday, the police began grabbing Paltamo from another man who also was suspected of committing a burglary.
The missing Kajaani amfetamiini brought in murder
Less than 10 grams of amphetamines, the disappearance of an item was born in 1977 in the murder kajaanilais told
The prosecutor said the man and his partner had gone home with another man and firing haulikolla drug exported epäilemänsä apartment, the holder 34-vuotiaan kajaanilaisnaisen.
The defendant denied the charge and claimed that the other man ampuja.
The incident came to the attention of police when the police party stopped the car, which had blood work was the company had polttamassa verityössä in second-hand clothes.
The burnt apparel riekale of'Moreover, found broken haulikko.
Kainuun right in court to give judgment at a later date.
August was unusually warm in many places
According to the site as the warm air in August will be repeated on average once in 10 years.
The meteorology agency's statistics show that the average temperature throughout the country was higher than normal.
In most parts of the country there was a discrepancy of one to two degrees.
In July and August due to the heat of the summer was warmer than normal.
The summer's highest temperature was measured during the in the first week of August Pori in which the indicator showed 32,8 degrees.
Lenny Henry says: "My father never halannut me.
He never said he loved me
Henry was born one of seven children of Jamaican origin Dudleyssa immigrant family in the British Midlands in 1958.
Henry's father worked in a factory, and died when the 19-year-old Henry. The relationship between the boy and the father was distant.
Henry is currently harjoittele ' Rudy's Rare Records -komediashow ' for the USA, which is based in part on his father with a hypothetical debate, and which has been developed on the basis of the series of Radio 4 channel.
Ääniraita is a mixture of reggaeta rappia upbeat-tahdissa.
Henry has had to undergo painful childhood trophies.
He has been in therapy on several occasions after the death of his mother, and he thought a lot of their relationship with their father.
The father was very difficult to read.
His face is never seen, only the voice said: "Stop making a fuss.
Leave your sister alone.
Do not move!
Now I watch cricket.
My older brother Seymour and Hilton, who were already adults while I was when I was a child, with the father went in and spoke to the pub, for example, in the form of beer tuopi, or cricket in beauty.
I never talked with him on those issues.
Most of my life, for me, she was it hymytön man on the corner, reading the newspaper is.
Henry recently opened a metal Dudleyssa of sulattamo, and thus gave an idea of what his father nyt life will need to be, even if working conditions are better today than it was then.
More are today a little brighter but they are in the dark, smoky, somewhere in the depths, where syöksähtele is the flames, smoke and soot, and who bring to mind.
The father had a tendency to go into bath and only in the country, and slowly he began to sing in order to gain more when they wash the dirt off themselves.
The more I walk around, I realised that he had done the work for years to get food on the table, and I began to appreciate him more.
Despite Henry's childhood was missing in the proximity of the parents
My father never nut halan nut and never said he loved me.
It was only when my mother started sairastell to just before his death, we started to repeat to each other that we love each other.
Frenchin Billie-tytär Dawn Henry, with, and through via their own children, he has been able to share the love of which he himself was a child.
Do you constantly repeated origin.' va " " I love you?
Stop now it halailu!
A father, I am 22!
With Dawn Frenchin.
Why should we not be friends?
She is a great mother
Henry is still a good friend with Frenchin, with whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good man.
Why does Dawn and I are friends?
She is a great mother.
Henry's own mother had diabetes.
It was also one of the reasons which led to the death of the mother.
When I started to suffer overweight and diabetes symptoms of, my doctor ordered me to do a U-turn.
After that, I started to have some exercise a lot, and I also had to start to reduce the symptoms severe dieetti
It is a very difficult -
And dull.
Nobody enjoys eating the carrots.
The well-known Henry, short beard, perhaps describes his transformation from during their career development.
After a lot of good feedback from the fall critics role Othellona he is immersed in the theatre.
Next was a comedy of errors and August Wilson (" fences fences ').
The conclusion of the theatre, offers a different experience than sitcomi and comedy that Henry has done the whole of a busy careers.
Henry started in the area when he was only 16 years old factory worker.
One of a DJ noticed him on a stage doing imitaatioita and contacted the New Faces -kykykilpailuun.
Henry's TV career began in the middle of the 1970s. "For quite a long time I was the only black imitaattori and comedian", he says.
Henry learned in doing the work.
I had to grow up in the spotlight, I had to learn to produce jokes from a conveyor belt between 1975 and 1985, while body after star and I was on television. It was a difficult time.
Lenny -kykykilpailussa New Faces in 1975
The manager Henry had the stage rights to The Black and White Minstrel Show ' elements, gentle viihdeohjelma programs, in which people appeared mustaihoisiksi meikattuina, so Henry went koomikoksi programme for five years.
My family did not like that.
On the other hand, I would hope that I would never play a part in it, but I do not regret it.
Although my position was a bizarre and objectionable, I got to work on in a massive events, and I learned how to deal with the public.
Yet " britti-tv's rewarded, a perennial favourite and a lightweight " viihdeohjelma " was simultaneously grotesque parody black people ".
In the 1980s Henry was another comedy series which was full of admiration for and made fun of the black British culture.
In The Lenny Henry Show the first episode was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s, Henry was among her characters chef Gareth Blacklockina comedy series Chef!
It is the next decade of Henry spent advertisements, documentaries, TV series and film parts, but the BBC in 2008 after he undertook LennyHenry.tv-sarjansa said to themselves: 'What are you going to the next, Len - it now seems that only dump in or are moving ".
Next was a Radio 4 documentary series "What's So Great About...?".
The first part was devoted to Shakespeare
I have always tried to avoid Shakespeare.
It has not really been taught to us in school properly, and I think it was the white middle class, which spends sukka suits and money.
Therefore, for Shakespeare gave rise to fear in me
All programme haastattelemamme people - Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench - said to me: 'To investigate.
Don't reject the whole idea before you know what you talk.
The words tapaile and understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry said the 20 lines Othello's last speech for documentary and he was sold.
I felt that I can do this.
It was almost as if a part of me had been missing before, and now it was put down.
"This is it, this is important, and so do not take it seriously, do you", do a little background research.
So the training process was tough, and I read the scene for months before it was carried out.
The drama was ultimately a success.
It was expected to fail, but it is not quite the case.
Soon after Henry played a leading role in a comedy of errors.
Suddenly the British actors in the national theatre, and I could not believe it to be true.
At one stage, the idea came to my mind: "Oho, you have changed".
Again, the play had technical problems, and Henry knew clearly felt that it was his job to entertain the audience.
"A small voice in my mind said to me: 'You have to be able to survive alone for 10 minutes, until the computer works again". "
Instead, the assistant director, announced that the move will resume as soon as the problem has been corrected.
I walked out of the scene, and part of me huokaisi a sigh of relief.
It is not my duty,
I will leave it to others.
"You are part of the spectacle, hold roolissasi '
Henry " Fences " -näytelmässä Duchess-teatterissa
Through the training " Fences " -näytelmään was challenging.
Panic is a good thing, it makes the man's more durable.
This spectacle was well received, so it was like a sign from the gods; 'This is what you have to do ".
This, of course, Henry says voice KUMEALLA.
So I decided to stick to this.
I sincerely love this job.
I love training rooms.
Henry, however, is still basically a comedian: Small, cocky young humour, our debate was interrupted repeatedly when he exchanged imitaatiosta to another.
No Stand-up-komiikasta minen is a question of will, for the immediate thanks to an unknown from the general public seems to be dangerous.
If ever it covets, it can lead to an impasse.
Sometimes I spend a lot of time Apollo by cinema, it seems, but in general it will no longer inspire me in the same way as before.
I ask Henry, does he aiko leaving another stand-up-kiertueelle.
It gives me real pleasure to sit together with the pilots, which will help to shape the whole journey of beginning, middle and an end, and I do not believe that I would never give up the feeling.
So this is his new rebirth?
I think so.
I consider näyttelemise -
It is really fun.
Constantly Näytellessä told the story, and in that role I enjoy.
I love the stories.
People love stories.
Kenya will register officials to eliminate 'ghost workers " "
Kenya has started to develop a biometric register officials trying to remove " ghost workers " government wage listo.
Workers who are not registered in the register within the next two weeks, will not should no longer pay, a government statement announced.
The government suspects that thousands are still being paid their salary pursuant to their official duties.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised to root out corruption in the public sector took in office in 2013.
Earlier this year, according to the audit, "ghost workers" salaries and other financial abuses, it took a month to at least one million dollars.
The government suspects that the wages paid to account even after a person has died or left office officials, the BBC's Wanyama Chebusiri reported from Nairobi, the capital
All civil servants must declare themselves to the register in the next few weeks, the identification centres in order to ensure that their data is stored in a biometric registration form, the government said in a statement.
According to the statement, all of which will allow this to be done without due cause, removing palkkalistoilta.
"This measure will significantly streamlining the public sector, because that determines how many people will really work. In addition, it will be cleaned the pay lists at both levels of government. This solves the problem of" ghost workers ", says Anne Waiguru, decentralization and planning ministry office official.
The 2015 Seinäjoe's annual output may fall 25.5 million deficit unless city sopeuta operate and spending growth in a tense economic situation.
The current budgetary process on the basis of annual board is falling to around 9.4 million deficit.
As a means to enhancing potential ina were displayed on the breadth of services and the level of services on both the purchase and sale of property and payment of grants, and tax and increasing
Investment of 10 million euro from the screening target size is 8.5 million.
The situation of the municipalities, there is no relief.
For municipalities, the new constraints, insufficient growth in tax revenues, rising unemployment and a 5% cut will undermine the prospects even further
The purpose of the seminar is to seek new ways to balance the economy.
Municipal government has agreed that savings have to be made.
The ship must be translated into a strategy for the goal, says the municipal government chairman Kimmo Heinonen.
The municipal government has set up a management team.
Municipal government's proposals are in the budget as a basis in the council Frami during an economic seminar on Monday 8 September.
Following the seminar on council draft budget is progressing through the management board of the municipal government and the council.
Dozens of Turkish police arrested suspects' smart 'against the government
A total of 33 police officers have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of involvement in "plots against the government, local media sources are telling.
Police did not immediately comment
According to the newspaper Hurriyet Daily News was among those arrested was 14 high-level police officials.
Some of the police officers was last December in connection with the corruption investigations, which were targeting government officials, including four cabinet ministers.
In July, several police officers were arrested in Turkey, accused of widespread criminal vyyhde and telephone follow-up.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was prime minister at the time), said the police action is part of the Islamist leader Fethullah Gullenin power against him and others in the planned activities.
All the children are returning to school in Ukraine
Most of Ukraine's schools opened their doors Monday (1 September) following the summer holidays.
This is traditionally a day for families, and, like the parents of thousands of other Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk also took her daughter to school.
At the same time, he told reporters that all schools have not opened up again, but he said he was committed to defending the land for future generations:
The first day of the September ceremony has been celebrated in every school.
The whole of Ukraine is not at peace.
We have to fight for peace.
The whole of Ukraine, the whole of the giant Ukrainian Front va is the fight for peace.
Aleksan Pastukhov, who works as a teacher in a school Slavianskin where Yatsenyukin daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace is here at last and that the children can get kind of learning, which is of use to them in the future.
The first school day celebrations are traditionally a children kirjail lut shirts, air balls and giving flowers to teachers.
According to Mr Perry, the Texas libellous twiitti was illegal
The Governor of Texas, Rick Perry Twitter accounts from fixed was sent on Sunday night from a libellous image of Democrats among the district lawyer that when allegations of abuse of power.
Later Tweetti were removed, and it was followed by another tweetti, which Perry swore that he has nothing to do with the picture.
Unauthorised Tweetti was sent to my bank account.
"I do not accept tweettiä and I dropped it", a later publication, it was said.
Perry's background is not immediately responded to requests for clarification.
Although tweetit sent Perry vahvistetulta Twitter-tililtä, it is unclear who published the picture.
The first twiitti contained the insulting cartoons Travisin of a district lawyer Rosemary Lehmbergistä, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013
Perry Lehmbergin blocked funding for the office, when he refused to resign, which led to the grand jury assembly in Austin this month when Perry. Perry is the 2016 presidential election, a potential candidate
Tweetin title was: "I do not drive " always drunk, three times the permitted level of alcohol by volume... But then when it happens, I blame Governor Perry to finger " of society.'.
I am in the Texas humalaisin democrat.
The agency Lehmbergin has not led to a grand jury investigation against Perry.
Research conducted by Michael McCrum, the San Antioniossa operate special prosecutor whose Republican judge ordered to do.
Perry has said he is innocent and called the charges a political plot.
His powerful legal team when they asked the question for a judge to reject the accusations and said that the law, which the Texas governor has been the longest period in office is blamed, is against the Constitution of unclear.
Perry has cut $7.5 million in State aid for the government the country's public integrity unit, which operates Travisin in the district of the State and to deal with the public sector's accusations when Lehmberg refused to resign.
Perry's decision has left the grievances of the Monitoring Group to submit a formal complaint on the matter.
Perry confirmed Twitter accounts updated regularly - and sometimes even kuuluisasti.
A fifth priority Iowa during the election meeting of the 2012 presidential campaign, Perry will stop uhos had a game in the publishing world, the Twitter image of itself in the long-standing lake lenkkeile text " here will, with South-Carolina! ".
According to the housing market Berkeley are back to 'normal'
One of the main developers in London, has warned that the housing market in the south-east of England has "returned" to normal aktiivisuustasolle.
The capital London housing has been a huge demand and steep price rises while fears of a widespread credit bubble, which prompted the Bank of England to place restrictions on mortgage loans in June.
The high level of promoter Berkeley's founder and chairman Tony Pidgley said on Monday that "the current " since the beginning of the year, the market and the number of shops have returned normal after the 2013 piikin" and added that this " is a "stable environment".
The London housing market went well during the recession, hordes of foreign investors in the capital
The land Registry data, house prices in the city rose by 18.5% in the last year alone, and thus clearly crossed the England and Wales average was 6.7%.
Berkeley's private, affordable and student buildings average sales prices rose by around a fifth in the previous year, to reach £423 000 pound price increase by the end of April.
However, the stronger pound has made London property less attractive in recent months - part of the interest also contributed to the new tax laws and the political rhetoric about a possible " kartano tax " before touko during the general elections.
London kiinteistön intermediary Foxtons warned last week that the April mortgage report huhti, where reported stricter lending rules would lead to a lower level of market growth in both property sales volumes and prices in the second half of the year.
The Bank of England's latest data showed on Monday that the number of loans approved fell in July, which indicates viilenev in the housing market.
Hamptons International kiinteistön intermediary has fallen to the 2015 ennustettaan London property prices. The prices are falling by 3%, because in the opinion of as a recent index has already started to suffer.
The number of shops of London's most expensive areas Chelseassa, a fall in Mayfair nut Kensingtonissa and a quarter years ago, wa kiinteistön intermediary Ellis says.
The demand for homes in the capital, however, is a blessing Berkeley, which increased income of the property sold for more than £2.2 billion.
Pidgley added that the well-planned ", the demand for the right product with the best sites has remained stable and, therefore, sales have remained a lively ".
In June, the company said that sales of new homes in 74 3 April the previous year. That is almost a third more than the economic crisis of the previous peak reached in 2007.
The annual before tax profits rose 40% a year ago, the case of 380 million pounds and turnover increased by 18% to £1.6 billion.
Pidgley said Monday before the company's annual meeting that the merits of the year Berkeley are responsible for the market's current expectations.
Analysts agree that a victory for the whole of the year before tax is £450 million.
The share sold Berkeley was this afternoon in the London stock market in steady price £23,96
Jennifer Lawrence hakkeri alastonkuv leaked to the web
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th annual Academy Awards -palkintojenjakotilaisuuteen.
Hakkeri, which claims to have hundreds of other calls leaked pictures of Jennifer Lawrence, the Oscar-winning näyttelijä film naku images on the web
The representative Nälkäpeli-tähden confirmed that the pictures are genuine and condemned the arrogance of the hacker "outrageous violations of privacy".
The authorities have been contacted, and all who publish Jennifer Lawrence stolen images are to blame.
The images which originally published 4chan-kuvanjulkaisusivulla were apparently ended up in the wrong hands because of the weakness of the Apple iCloud-tallennusjärjestelmän. One hundred muun hacking into the list of stars claimed dozens of other female stars such as Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
It is not known how many of the pictures are genuine, albeit against Scott Pilgrim maailma -tähti Winstead, condemned The hacking into Twitter.
"To those who are watching me and my husband in our own private pictures taken years ago: We hope you have a good spirit I ", Winstead twiittasi.
" Nickolodeonin " iCarly and Victorious " " -sarjojen Victoria Justice, however, denied the authenticity of the images, however, so-called " alastonkuva me are counterfeit, do you not understand ".
Allow me to put an end to this in the bud.
Buzzfeedin, announced late Sunday that a pop star Ariana Granden representative denied the authenticity of the images.
Only we sonin on national Jacob Howard, have praised the new novel, which tells of love and an j-kirjaime
They were, it is best described as what has been happening, gradually they were rolling out rainfall than the cardboard box.
Just then, he heard a woman that it was too serious, arduous, intense, itself, and perhaps also a little piikikäs.
Then he heilautti put.
He identified piikikkään.
Yes, he had piikikäs, or siili.
His barbed in its latest victim was in the early stages of a relationship, which had been promising, however, it seemed that this relationship could facilitate his lonely to boring, and it would perhaps have been able to bring to his life even some content.
Ailinn Solo mon living kesyttämättömä had white hair, and he was a sensitive and delicate hentoinen kaunotar joy in his heart, a village in the north, which was even more prosaic and more of everything than as Port Reuben.
He had come to the south with the older mobile partner, which had expected to be his Kevern tätinsä. Täti had inherited the house, which was situated in a wet paratiisimaise while in the Valley, and the name of the valley was conveniently Paratiisilaakso.
The house has not been lived in for years.
The pipeline was leaking, and all bathrooms were hämähäkke, snail nee had left their mark on the windows, the whole place as their own, weeds grew in the garden, who reminded the gigantic kaalin
It was like a child mökki story, at the same time, threatening and magical puutarha full of secrets.
Writer to tell: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" has provided over Booker-kirjallisuuspalkinnon in 2014.
The candidates will be published next week
Kevern was sat hand in hand with a long had the list with broken Ailinnin, patio cannot enjoying surprisingly warm spring afternoon, both a receiver costing a listening to the through which the whole country has heard tyynnyttävää music and reassuring news, to contain when does Ailinnin ristit, solar ruskettama are the feet brought Kevernin reminiscent of the song that was long ago forgotten nut sing esiintyjä black and his father was often listened mökin sälekaihtimet down.
Jalkasi is too great.
The songs were basically too aggressive, and they played no longer being vastaanottimessa.
They have not been banned - nothing has actually been banned - they are just no longer played.
They wanted to leave to oblivion, as the actual word unhola.
Public opinion was prompted by what the laws and the declaration had not been achieved: Just as in the field of literature, people chose to read his memoirs heroes, cooking books and romance; music, they prefer balladeja.
As the day villiinnyttämä Kevern began to dial an imaginary piano, singing serenadi Ailinnin to big noble to the outrageous comic voice.
Ailinn is not understood.
"It was going " pianisti Fats Wallerin famous song ", Kevern told him, and at the same time, by raising two fingers in their mouth.
That his father was always doing nyt before " j " -kirjain eht had to escape his lips.
It began as a game between her and the father when he was small.
His father said that he played the same game with his own father.
If you did get his j: The word, and you remember nut put two fingers into your mouth, I had to pay a penny themselves.
It was not a very fun game, and it was not so now.
He knew that it was expected of him, that is all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Ailinn had never heard of.
The banned Jazziakaan had not actually been declared, it has not just been played.
Improvisation was no longer in fashion.
In life there was only room for one jos-sanalle.
At the start of the song, people wanted to know exactly where it would end.
Nokkeluudelle had been in the same way.
The unpredictability has people on edge.
And jazz was the music via nokkeluut.
While Kevern was 10 years of age, have heard of Sammy Davis junior, the music had become familiar to him from his father puolisalaisen CD-kokoelman, through
Well, at least he did not have to tell Ailinnille that Fats Waller was black.
Taking into account the likely Ailinnin age was that he does not recall a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, not having been lake or coercion.
Obedience society meant that each of its parts accepted with gratitude - the gratitude, the fact that they were as lucky to been spared - to the principle according to which each group made it the natural things.
His temperament and physical characteristics on the African karibialais are a family rooted in the people best suited to be entertained and to sport, and so they sang and ran
Originally from the Indian continent were as inherently talented with electronic equipment, and their job was to ensure that every family had a telephone, which was used to deal with matters.
Those who were left in the Polish community, were working as plumbers; the last Greeks broke lautasia.
When the SE, what happened, happened, if it was proven they Lähi that were from Gulf and hail Lähi-Idästä, whose grandparents were not swiftly fled in fear that they would be held responsible for the flames flared up, fearing that the flames would reach the next to them, have opened restaurants, where I saw labneh-jogurttia and burned vesipiippua, and their lives and and the eyes of the country
Everyone must act according to their talents.
Ailinn was heard only balladeja, and he said it was difficult to understand how Kevernin just sing the offensive words had never been puke can be music.
The love expressed through music.
"They are not really offensive", said Kevern.
Except perhaps that big cephalopods.
My father never offended anyone, but this song made him happy.
He had already said too much, but rejected puutarha created an illusion of security.
Not a single word was circulating among a huge supply of crops through the soundproofing of newspapers.
Ailinn is not yet understood.
Why did your father he did something like that?
He had intended to say that the whole thing was just a joke, but did not want to raise the two fingers to their lips Ailinnin.
Ailinn gave him strange now.
The father " thought it was amusing " ", he said instead.
Ailinn pudist was its head in disbelief, and she covered her hair Kevernin points.
There is nothing to be seen in the whole world than Ailinnin huge varikse, with hair pehko.
Anything he does not want to see
"If you say so", he said, but did not vakuuttuneelta
It does not, however, explain why they sing it to me.
Ailinn seemed to be genuinely baffled.
Whether my legs so big?
He looked again.
Did your jalkasi are not great.
Nilkkasi, perhaps, a little bit...
And you hate me because my foot is too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I hate you.
It was just a stupid song.
He would have been able to say 'I love you', but it was still too early for that.
"I think you're charming thick jesi of nilkko, 'he tried to remedy the situation.
I have a perverse sense.
This did not help.
He had wanted it to sound nice.
Often, when he wanted hauskuutta, the effect was quite different, because he, like his father, was lacking in a convincing charmi where vits brutality can control.
Perhaps his father was meant to be cruel.
Perhaps he, Kevern, wanted the same.
Despite lempeistä sight.
Ailinn Solomons was blush with patio and rose from his wheelchair and tipped at the same time, the receiver and wine läikytt said that they were drinking.
The wine was only viinikin had seljankukista, and so he could not have used törmäilyn, is the cause.
In his nervousness, he seemed tärisevä, like palm trees in the storm.
"And you got in the thick of it, which appeals to me in you", he said...
Not only does it seem to me.
Kevern was sorry Ailinnin, as well as their own, is unnecessarily cruel because of the words that, because of its fear, which was reflected in the eyes of this moment when Ailinn decided to stand against him.
Ailinn Luuliko that he would?
She had never told Kevernille life occurs in the north of the island, where he had grown up, but Kevern was sure that it was essentially the same as life here too.
The same huge hyinen sea, which go against them.
The same confused men, albeit after the event pirullisemma still kalpeamma and the great sala kuljettaja-, which their vanhempa, moved from pub to pub, appearing ready to long-standing every woman who would dare to oppose kiusoitella or to beat them.
Thick head?
Yet he could see a thick nyrkin, if not be careful!
Imuta force.' - pussaamisesta had become the most common cause of a man and a woman's erotic encounter a telling word; a receiver out of the orders placed by extraction of meaningless ballad love imuta are an antidote - to first and then attacked.
The latter Kevernin thought that was too much, because it already imuttaminen itself was hostile.
Ailinn Solomonsin kehonkieli body language urged him to leave.
He pulled himself up on the patio chair as an old man.
Ailinn also felt exhausted, but the depth of grief Kevernin has surprised him.
No, this was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
Ailinn followed his move resulted in her spending - just as he watched his travel companion Kevernin entering the upper floors from the window - a man who was personally responsible for heavy life.
On leaving the garden aatami, he thought.
He's an hour Keverniä sense of pity and towards men in general, even if some of them had raised his hands to hit against him.
Backs turned, then kumarainen häpeävä, beaten man, which had lost all desire for a battle - and why he felt that the scene was so familiar to him, even though he does not recall nut that had never previously before this moment
When Ailinn Solomons was alone again, he felt at his feet.
A few years before the event is described as an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher Esme Nussbaum, who worked in measuring public opinion in a private institutions of Ofnowissa, did a short study of low and the continuation of violence in those areas of the country, where violence reduction, or even in the end, was most likely used to stamp out money and energy.
"Much has already been achieved, and much remains to be done", he wrote, "in order to offset the thousands of years of fighting and won most of the nation's natural aggression, particularly in those rejected and remote kolk, where over hedgerows of church towers lempe human is seldom known over time.
Some things, however, will not be lifted completely.
The higher the Tower, and the lower are the whim.
The nation is crying a ballad of sentimentaalis, was the age of bytes adversity telling stories and is married and family life by virtue of its name, but at the same time, an unreconstructed cruelty in the relentless commitment to using urban and, in addition, there is evidence rural communities and a new form of, and also on the work, on our streets and even in their homes,
"You have an unfortunate tendency to dramatise", its director said his reading of the report.
I would suggest that you read less romaaneja.
Nussbaum was putting his eyes on the country.
In addition, I have to ask: Are you an atheist?
"I believe there is no need for me to answer that", Esme Nussbaum said.
Are you a lesbian?
ESME still appealed to the right not to answer personal questions.
A feminist?
Once again, silence.
"I am not going to ask", Luther Rabinowitz said, "since I oppose " ateismi, lesbian seksuaalisuut and feminism.
This bias in the workplace is not maintained.
We are the servants of a fair-minded society.
Although a certain degree of sensitivity in itself is perfectly acceptable and respectable, it can sometimes lead to perverse results, such as, what exactly esitit told to me.
You obviously have something against the church - and what you have described as cruel or evil thinking, others tend to appoint as a natural energy and physical strength ".
To say what happened, if it happened, as if it happened yesterday, if it happened, would destroy the country's fundamental momentum.
ESME Nussbaum felt around Rabinowitzin spoke.
Behind the main flamingo cocky Rabinowitzin vaalean instruction through LED light declared that Ofnow jaka nut had been in the country during the last quarter of the century, or longer.
There were neighbours, value your partner, listening balladeja, is conducting musikaale, do not use your telephone, discuss, explain, listen, not agree, asking for forgiveness
Talking is better than silence and it is better than the written word have been sung, but nothing will love.
"I understand very well what I have to say", Esme Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice, was sure that his driver had finished, "and I would just like to say that we are not as efficient cure than we imagine ourselves to be.
I am concerned that if we were not warned, we see that we repeat the same mistakes that initially led to what happened, if it happened.
This time we vuodata, our anger and our confidence in each other.
Luther Rabinowitz sormillaan formed the pyramid.
This gesture meant endless patience.
"Go too far", he said, would describe " " error " those acts which our grandparents might have to do or not to do,
They also go too far in saying that they were crying " in their hatred and mistrust of their other " ".
When would you like to be in a position, should not have to remind you that when it comes to understanding the past, or present, we are not talking about 'us' or 'them'.
There was no 'us' and not 'other'.
It was a time of chaos, and that is all what we know about it.
"If we are quite honest, it was chaos", Esme dared to continue, "no one group in society cannot say käyttäytyneensä well.
I am not blaming anyone.
What was done, was done, whether it be good or bad.
That was then.
There is no need to speak any more - we agree with that.
And just as it is unnecessary to allocating blame, do not need to make corrections, whether justified or not, and even though it would be one way to make them.
But for what the past is there, then, if it does not take the
The past is there, so we can forget about it.
If I may add one thing...
Luther Rabinowitz broke pyramidinsa.
"Go through your reports", he said, and expressed that it was time to leave
The next day her when they go to work in a normal way, he hit the pavement by a motorcyclist, whose driving to passers-by who " were described as evil and furious " bid.
Accident occurs.
The Lesotho army denies its planned attack. The Prime Minister will remain in South Africa
The Lesotho army officials have banned lavastaneensa government solution for the attack and said that they are acting against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying that the army was besieged by his official apartment and seized government buildings in the capital Maserussa.
The Head of State to travel with his family to neighbouring South Africa, having that has received a death threat.
Army spokesman Ntlele Ntoi majuri denied the attack and said that the army has responded to the threat, which came from the "political against fanaticism". Police said the attempted armed fanatics.
The Lesotho Defence Force " took action after receiving several intelligence reports that some police forces are trying to arm young party fanatics, these are ready to cause problems ", he told Voice of America -uutistoimistolle.
The South African government's President's Clayson Monyelan says that the army's actions seemed vallankumousyritykseltä.
"Although no one has not claimed kumonneensa government by force, the Lesotho Defence Force operations appear to be the hallmarks of the revolutionary company", he says.
According to officials of the Lesotho army soldiers returning to their barracks on Sunday, and the mood in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, the Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing Thabanen government leads to in his absence.
Thabane says that he believes that it is the target of the action is, because he has tried to combat corruption.
There have been tensions in Lesotho since June when Thabane suspended parliament sessions because of differences between the Grand Coalition Government.
He denies that its väheksynee power of the government, even though the claims.
Kauppalehti: Microsoft Uudellemaalle to set up a data centre
The information technology company, Microsoft has set up a large computer nut centre Uudellemaalle, whose location the company refuses to specify countries.
Microsoft in a newsletter sent to media, the company says, that it explains all of their SMS keskuksien location for security reasons.
According to Microsoft, the centre is already fully equipped and connected to the grid.
For Microsoft, it is several hundreds of millions of dollars of investment.
In public, the Centre's place had previously been Oulu, or almost Kajaani.
Microsoft stopped completely in Uleåborg outlets, which takes around 500 people in the workplace.
In all, Microsoft has announced layoffs of up to 1 050 jobs in Finland.
Microsoft's communications director Camilla Lindfors says STT, that the company does not comment on how many staff to employ a new data centre.
Data centre Uudellemaalle told Kauppalehti on Monday.
The man accused of the girl päälleajo traffic light crossroads
78-vuotias men accused over a girl driving in traffic light crossroads Fife.
Gordon Stewart is accused of driving the girl at a crossroads over Pittenweenissä eastern Neukissa.
According to prosecutors, Stewart drove the Audi Q3 -autollaan negligent and caused injuries to the girl.
From Stewart Anstrutherista, 78, denied the charges at the workforce in Dundee sheriff
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC ordered the trial to be held in January.
Four vinkkiä better vedenalaisiin images and videos
If you want to take pictures or video under water, you have your choice of several different equipment options.
The cheapest option is water resistant, then kompakti point-and-shoot-kamera, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120 action-kamera, or, such as the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which cost about 300
Personally, I took these pictures at a family party, using several different cameras, each of which cost less than $350.
Regardless of the devices there are a few rules to follow. Of the
Always check your device twice over.
If you were a watertight camera, make sure, however, that the camera akku and others parts have been closed water pitävästi.
In addition to the camera crew making regulations to take pictures or video.
Some cameras or cameras and video cameras in the combination of a regulation, which helps to optimise crew conditions under water.
In addition, before we jump into the water, make sure how deep laitteesi can take
Some of the cameras only 5 feet depth, some 50-60 feet depth.
Agenda for both ordinary and watertight malle points to our purchase guide digikamero and the criticism.
Take a series of several images - many of them fail in some way.
The cameras kompakte has lcd-näyttö, which enables sommitell can image, whereas action-kameroissa often do not have this quality.
If you have an LCD, it is difficult to see under water, and the image sommittelu can either succeed or fail.
So take lots of pictures.
In addition, if your camera allows haarukoinni, which means many of the images taken at different regulations, not taking advantage of this quality.
Stay close to the surface.
The light is falling significantly deeper.
If possible, stop at or near the surface would describe it as in the pool, lake or ocean.
So the pictures could also get more colours; the deeper you go, the less visible colours.
Trying to get close to the target.
This is an important piece of advice to the country, but even more important under water, because valo-olosuhteet light conditions are scarce.
It is very important, when there is an action-kamera: These devices are often fixed linssi, which has a broad picture, namely the cameraman must be close to the site, in order to meet the target for of the whole picture of the frameworks.
China will not allow Hong Kong to elect their leaders - and the protesters swear revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday that Hong Kong's voters are allowed to choose candidates in the 2017 elections for the growing, despite rauhattomuudesta demanding democratic reform.
The decision is likely to provide the spark of the Hong Kong business district long for expected protests by activists started to plan and implement protests just hours after the publication of the decision.
China's National People's Congress, in practice, the decision to give power to the Communists to weed out candidates who do not obey Beijing.
"This was to be expected, but it is still an outrage", says the chairman of the Democratic Party, legislator Emily Lau.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They are lying hongkongilaisille.
It is clear that we are acting with a dictatorial regime.
China's National People's Congress Li Fei, Deputy Secretary-General of the committee defended the administration, saying that the general election of Hong Kong's leader selection would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, when the British handed over Hong Kong to China, Beijing promised the residents of the region that it would get to choose their own leader from 2017 onwards.
China's leaders on Sunday that the decision was a democratic breakthrough because it allows Hong Kong could vote in the direct election, but the decision also makes it clear that China wants to control strictly to the electoral process through a committee, which is managed from Beijing.
The new clause only allow candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong", is adopted.
The decision of the summer was held in Hong Kong, some of the region's biggest and most high-profile protests in years.
The campaign for democracy was largely behind the Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement, whose organizers have threatened to block the functioning of the business district, if Beijing does not grant Hong Kong genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, just hours after the publication of the decision, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central -liikkeen met rainfall, Hong Kong's main government buildings.
The organisers of the demonstration movement the movement announced the move to a new era of civil disobedience, and they would trigger waves of protest in the coming weeks.
However, they did not tell the details, apparently fearing that it would lead to problems with the authorities.
Online in his newsletter published by the organizers said that the movement in its statement, the Occupy Central -tempausta " to be the last resort, which will be released only if there is any hope of dialogue, and not any other way ".
We are very sorry when we announce that today is the last chance for dialogue has broken down and the centre minen power takeover is going to happen.
The Hong Kong authorities have prepared for the Beijing announcement for days, and on Sunday, the security measures were tight, close to the main government buildings. There was, for example, the police and the barricades.
Hong Kong unrest feeds many feeling that residents are slowly losing power in the town.
From the wave of immigrants has caused competition for products and services.
In addition, live in fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of expression, are disappearing under rising pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticised the Occupy Central movement because its exhibitions are threatening Hong Kong's life - in the business world.
"The protest, which, they say, can lead to major economic losses, depending on how many people take part in it and how long it lasts", says the legislator, IP, which has long criticised the movement.
We do not want to spread concern that Hong Kong is slipping away otteestamme.
Such an image would be bad for investment.
China's state-run media has also been stories that the Hong Kong's democracy activists are revolution alarmist Western valto of " collaborators.
This summer, the activists held an unofficial referendum on voting rights, attended by 780 000 people - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the region's biggest pro-democracy demonstrations
US prom-perinne hits British universities: New students to the private jette
We are excited about the demand by countries to set up Britain's first luxury class in the form of travel in today's students.
The company offers a private aircraft, in addition to other vehicles, such as Rolls-Royce Phantomin, Aston Martin or McLaren P1's, so that the customer can ensure the most memorable entry into university.
According to Stewart, the service is also the security aspect.
The service is the best option for students who otherwise would drag their belongings across the country in extreme ääriään lastatuissa vehicles.
When this is combined with the numerous VIF-ominaisuuksiin (VIP-ystävä), we are ready to offer the countries of today's students as easy and high-quality transport to the university.
According to the company's reservations have not yet become, because the service has just been created, but added that "students will begin issuing orders for the next few weeks".
The company believes that there is a demand for the service, although most students pay £9 million of annual fees.
Today's students are the expectations and wishes of a very different than 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, have started their studies. It is now more important than ever to create a memorable first impression, and Vif is exactly the right way to do it.
The national student organization, however, criticised the service, which is not realistic.
The organisation's vice-president of the higher education component of the Dunn, according to "this service plan seems to be very far from a the majority of student life
Many of the courses will start this month, are shocked by the level of cost of living when the economic while the financial subsidies in the form of loans and grants have lagged behind the huge rise in basic cost of living. Only then can begin to think about what would be available to thousands of such simple things as the arrival of the
The house of " Mexican Ipswichi " sale
Real estate agents were removed from sale in Suffolk is a house selling picture of the in sales after acknowledging that the picture in the living room of the house is a big pig in
One of the bedroom of a house whose price is £120, 000, is situated along a private path Ipswichi.
The announcement was part of the picture in the living room, where the pig sohva based its head on
According to the intermediary Connellsin kiinteistön image of a pig is a darling of the owner.
"The picture, however, was the announcement by mistake, and it has since been deleted", the company's representative says.
In a statement, Connells describes a meeting " house into a unique one for the bedroom houses ".
Although nut kiinteistön dissemination has removed the image from its website, but it is reflected in the adverts.
The sale of the house has aroused interest in social media, where some people have asked whether the pig house price.
Torres's departure was confirmed, Kagawa returns to ManU Dortmundiin II
Spanish hyökkääjä, Fernando Torres Marques' departure was confirmed, but at the same time korvaaja came in almost ovenavauksella.
Chelsea announced its pestannee neli three-year agreement French warheads Loic Remy's neighbouring club QPR.
The trading price, according to press reports, is 13 million.
Torres, 30, will move to AC Milan on a two-year loan agreement.
He moved to Liverpool Chelseaan by a record £50 million, the sum of four years ago, but never fulfilled expectations.
Their decision came the Japanese player Shinji Kagawan failed retki to Manchester Unitediin.
As expected, Kagawa returns to the German Bundesliiga Bor uss to Dortmund, where he made his breakthrough before ManU-siirtoaan.
According to press reports, the trading price is around EUR 8 million.
A recent agreement Kagawan neli years.
I wanted to make my dream true Valioliiga.
Now I am happy when I was again Dortmundin man.
This is a fantastic team and a fantastic environment, Kagawa said.
The second bundesliigaseura Hertha Berlin Kaloulla Solomon will be strengthened.
The Ivorian national team hyökkääjä will move from Lille ranskalaise of Herthaan, and the transfer fee has been estimated at around EUR 3 million.
Before Kalou Lille, 29, played the 2006-12 Chelseassa.
Explosion in Paris apartment blocks already eight dead
The death toll rose to eight on Monday in a suburb of Paris, the apartment blocks that occurred in the aftermath of the explosion.
Rosny-sous-Bois ' in the suburb on Sunday, namely that injured 11 people, four of them seriously.
Rescue workers are still elonjääneitä house from the rubble on Monday, but hopes of finding survivors were fading
The preliminary cause of the explosion is suspected gas leakage.
An explosion occurred early Sunday and was so powerful that it struck buildings over a radius of 100 metres.
We had our whole house move: We vapis pelo.
The explosion was so powerful that we replace " tolls, namely described the location in a neighbouring residence va Maryline Yyvon.
A school was already erected on Sunday emergency accommodation for the residents of the house.
Part of the Only life -tähdistä presentation at 17
The opportunity is presented only -sarjan stars to life
The stars of the programme met earlier in the day for the first time after a series of brand names.
Part of the issue is the early evening tähtis media tavattavissa Nelonen Expo -nimeä kantavilla tv-messuilla.
In September, Nelonen Media will be presenting their software and dozens of boxes of power
The life of autumn Only Vesa-Matti Loiri -sarjassa are involved, Samuli Edelmann, Paula Koivuniemi, Paula Vesala, Jenni, Vartiainen Elastinen and Toni Wirtanen.
So, some of them in the evening session and the ISTV's on screen here.
The opportunity to start Sebastian Rejmanin originates abroad with Nelonen MEDIA channels in the autumn with introduction of software
After the proportion of ISTV's camera crew will seek Only life -tähtiä interviews.
This article has been updated: All life -esiintyjät are not present on the occasion of the evening.
According to the information that came just at the start of an opportunity may be slightly delayed
Shipment does not appear on all mobile devices.
HJK will in the world, the players on Trinidad and Tobago
The Europa league football to survive in the wilderness nyt HJK is receiving new players from Trinidad and Tobago.
The country's premier league club W Connection FC: HJK is done according to the loan agreement has Jody
In the Jones is a 23-year-old middle ground player who has made in the match Connectionissa W 55 score 28 goals.
Trinidad and Tobago's national team Jones has played for 35 matches.
The first Siirto story Socawarriors-jalkapallosivuston told me that Jones has been one of the TT Pro -liigan tähtipelaajista two last season.
W Connection -seuran says that Jones will travel to Finland on Tuesday.
HJK has not yet confirmed the transfer.
The Bulgarian prison staff to hold a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers across the country protested in the capital Sofia, in front of the Ministry of Justice.
In a peaceful demonstration, they declared that they want back the old work rules, which was recently amended.
Salary increases are also due to discuss the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Prison officials have for months been protesting symbolically against the new working hours, saying that they want to go back to the old system of 24 hour shift.
The prison workers' organization and representatives of the Justice Department, despite of the meeting there was agreement, Bulgaria's National Radio (BNR) reported.
Negotiations are ongoing, the Director General for the enforcement of judgments, head of the of Zhelyazkov Rose told BNR.
The protest organization also Vankilatyöntekijöiden are expected to join the Interior Ministry workers' trade union members.
Basket ball: The encouragement of fans almost too much: Sasu Salin pyörty had ground
Sasu Koripallo Salin was the embodiment of the Finnish victory today.
He was able to forget the countries of their USA-ottelu of sysi and good-looking selätt Ukraine's second half blood seisauttav are their solutions.
But Salin transferred all the credit dud fans - and did it in style:
The actual mä pyörty to take the field at the end, the stimulus was so powerful.
But all eyes, could not do anything.
It is White noise, and an audience that was almost too much.
The moment Salini power pit involve nine pinnaa fast pace, to the world, remained levyre and every place where things happened.
I do not know how it happened, but I was able to get an flow-tilaan that, all succeeded.
They will, but somewhere, sometime, and now quite incredibly important place, Sasu hehkutteli.
It is my role.
To do all this.
It was wonderful to see that others had realised.
It took up the whole gang.
The room has a happy pill luoja and breath, so it is not surprising that his example was the team flight, which was big and heavy-handed to Ukraine that's five too many.
Finland in the World Cup after a gap of 32 years. The last was reminiscent of a brazen judge
Kassia driving Heikki Montonen (oik fraud.') was the Finnish päävalmentajana Argentine MM-turnauksessa 1982.
It has been 32 years since Finland's men's World team MM-loppu played the last time in the tournament.
Seppo Sirkka was the only Finnish photographer at the 1982 championship in Argentina, where the legendary Mr Kosonen was Finland's second coach and current player agent Jouni Parkkali as a global yleispelaajana.
Kosonen and received Parkkali will remember one thing about the championship than yesterday's: It was the keynote kuuma during the game against France.
"The judges in a match ball game was blatant", was recalling Kosonen.
We had already won, and both teams were already settled in the back takaviivalle.
Suddenly the game was resumed.
We lost it to 2-3, and then did they go crazy pasma are rather ", told Parkkali.
Finland played the main coach Heikki Montose's command and was eventually 17 nneksi.
Today, Finland is among the world's elite, while the Polish MM-turnaus can get off here on Saturday.
Many things have changed drastically in the international airport in the world for 32 years.
Players' power is roughly the same as before, but the quality and skill is now more.
The average length of players have increased.
The game is faster ", wondered Parkkali.
But what happens in Poland?
The Finnish players material has expanded, and are able to share the burden of
I expect that it will be the policy of the future.
Then can come to already tight ", Kosonen estimates.
Seppo Sirkka
Olli Nenonen, Jouko Juvonen and Jukka Savio were in attack by the game against Tunisia.
The current players' agent Jouni Parkkali was overall as a player in the tournament.
Let us hope that no petra now is 17.
South Korea and Tunisia should go down ", said Parkkali.
It was Mr Kosonen species legend Johan Cruyff in the national team as a in Argentina.
Jukka Savio, Mauri and Mr Leppänen Körkkö tuulett in the Tunisia match.
Sauna and evening hartaus in Buenos Aires cathedral sailors were part of the national team programme MM-turnauksessa in 1982.
Mr Kalin (oik fraud.') had venyttel team with their colleagues.
A young star -laulukilpailun finaalit Etelä-Karjalaan competition - not been to profit
A young Tähti -laulukilpailun had reached the final Veera Vento and Tikkanen Veeti are not made to the victory of the competition.
Other investment is not published in the competition.
Teija laulun instructor Immose, this competition has been popular.
It is a good experience.
There was a competition finalisti of levyttä are the songs.
A competitive start is always wonderful memories, Immonen said.
Finnish tourists rescued suomalaisturistit Cita-koiran vuorelta in Norway: "These men deserve every praise '
When a Norwegian Merethe Mikkelsen and his dog were on Thursday in the cold mountains, Antti and Tuomo Soini bravely offered to help.
This weekend, Mikkelsen " are international heroes " Facebook in order to thank its donors once again.
Mikkelsen said in a public Facebook update - that he had mountains on Thursday tassu Cita-koira satutt said.
Injured dog no longer able to walk in stark terrain.
I tried to take it down, but I failed, so I had to let it be.
I tried many times to attract and to take it a little further, but its feet are not only borne, Mikkelsen writes päivityksessään.
According to aid does not give Mikkelsenin nut from the police, from a nearby hotel and passers-by.
In the dark of the night when the situation started to look menacing.
Fortunately, there were two Travellers who were prepared to help countries: Antti tamperelainen Soini and his father Tuomo.
The men were visited Norway's highest vuorella Galdhøpiggenillä and diverted his camp when they saw a woman and a dog in the midst of a mountain rinnet.
(Mikkelsen) the situation was relatively calm.
We offered to help him with a dog, Antti Soini Ilta-Sanomille says in his message.
Soon, there was also a German man who had retkipatja brings with it.
Mattress paar Citalle were of the sort that was paid to an injured dog
A German man came here just after us, when we had been thinking about what to do with the dog and the dog nee now down in the arms rintee, Soini says.
Picture: Tuomo Soini
The dog was put down to imposed through patja of retki.
According to Soini's performance had not been physically difficult, but in difficult terrain charging went slowly.
About one and a half an hour later, however, was happily Cita down until now.
Mikkelsen after the search still on Facebook " international heroes ", in order to be able to thank them once again.
Soini said, for him on Sunday, but a German man is apparently still tavoittamatta.
I do not know what I would have done without these heroes, Mikkelsen is ecstatic.
If they had not helped me, we would be back.
I would like to find these people, because I have the feeling that I did not thank them enough.
They certainly do not know how much this means to me.
These men deserve all the praise and glory, I am eternally grateful to them.
On Monday night, Soini were already on their way home.
They had received Mikkelseniltä happy kuulumisia: - Cita reportedly can already be better
Susanna Mälkki are presented to the Helsinki kaupunginorkestarin an kapelli to usher
I Mälki kolmivuotiskausi in the autumn of 2016 and would end in the spring of 2019.
The proposal also includes an option for two additional seasons.
Mälkki sellisti started his career.
He is internationally known as a conductor and received the Pro Finlandia Medal in 2011.
Currently, the City kaupunginorkesterin ylikapellimestarina operate by John Storgårds.
Beautiful and brave, beautiful and brave -sarja square returns today after the summer recess.
The title of the inaugural vihjaileva raises questions.
Finland's all-time most popular soap series fine and courageous return from today
The return period is entitled vihjailevasti " oraalis Erici luck " in the company
The programming period Iltapulun ohjelmakuvauksessa are the following:
Eric and Donna are family relationships, could choose to eat more food, drink white wine and the nostalgic rakkaushistoriaansa.
Eric is a loyal kauluspaita-tyylilleen.
He has chosen Lounaspaidan väriksi White who lilertää.
Ridge Katie offers support in dealing with this Brooken and Bill's relationship traumas.
Ridge is he has still not got over their problems.
The Bill is in the long-standing Brookelassa resolve their own conflicts.
Brooke does not like the fact that he is a man who is going there to try and
"I like Rich, I am with you, Bill. '
Genetic aberration is often wrongly diagnosed
A British woman feared for years due to death because of the wrong diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers thought most of their youth, that he had only a few years left to live, because he had been diagnosed with another disease.
Actually she suffered Charcot-Marie-Toothin disease (CMT). It means a range of genetic diseases that affect the brain and the spinal nerve.
According to Charity CMT GB -hyväntekeväisyysjärjestön CMT-tapauksissa an incorrect diagnosis is a common problem, because so little is known about them.
It is estimated that approximately 23 000 people in Britain suffers CMT-taudista, which causes their symptoms, such as muscle heikkout, awkward walking kippuraisuutta and the look.
The disease can also cause tunnottomuut or pain, and it is an incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms will worsen over time.
When he thought he was a 13-year-old Rodgersin Friedreichin were ataksiaa (fA), which has a very poor survival rate.
Rodgers was believed to be a wheelchair before its meeting of 18 and die before they reach 30 years iän.
Today, the mother of two children 51-vuotias says that "as a child, I knew that I could do the same things as the others.
Every day, I fell over and I took any longer than others.
I could never rullalautailemaan rullaluistelemaan or with other children, and me kiusattiin at school because I walked and ran in a different way than others.
When 13-year-old Rodgersin him was carried out several akillesjäntee's cuts to something which was born crooked legs. The operation, the doctor left the room, she was quickly glanced at the research papers, which were said about her suffering fA-taudi.
"I felt guilty because I was so curious, so I did not tell anyone, but home after I checked the information concerning disease FA-yhdistykselle library and I wrote", he says.
When I received the information from them, I was shocked and panicky.
I thought I have a wheelchair by the age of 18 years, and I will die before I would meet with 25, and in between I would gradually lose the whole of my
I went through this with my own, and I came up with my own funeral.
Rodgers says that 17 years of age, he said that he kävelynsä had deteriorated so much as he had thought and asked lääkäriltään this.
He just hugged me and said: 'The girl, the gold, I do not think that you have this disease, because otherwise it would have been in a wheelchair ".
I think that something much less dangerous disease.
On the basis of some genetic tests, he was diagnosed diagnosoitiin CMT-tauti.
"When it was explained to me, and this CMT-tauti is, I thought of that would be me", he says.
CMT GB Charity -järjestää CMT-kuukauden, in order to draw attention to the disease.
One hundred emigrants from coal wagons were found in Macedonia
Macedonian authorities have discovered more than 100 illegal immigrants on a train transporting coal, the country's Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Passengers salamatkustajat were mostly Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
The train was coming from Greece.
The migrants were found late Sunday Velesi of Keski-Makedonia.
It was difficult to communicate with most of them.
They did not know where they are, where they came from and where we are going ", said Interior Ministry spokesman Ivo Koteski.
According to the police, the migrants had paid around EUR 3 000 each to get to Greece, and a further yet to 800-900 euros in order to enter Serbia.
Illegal immigrants goes a couple of million people through Macedonia on its way to Western Europe.
Syria's bloody civil war have fled as many as three million people.
The Guardian: Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai will support Scottish independence
The pop band Franz Ferdinand and Mogwai have joined Scotland's independence supporters.
According to the Guardian newspaper, the stars will be out in a few weeks the concert in Edinburgh, which supports the independence project.
The Scottish independence referendum on 18 September.
Mogwai in his newsletter, said that the vote is an opportunity for the Scots, which occurs only once in a life line.
In the past, including actor Sean Connery has given its backing for independence.
Instead, for example, British stars from Paul McCartney and David Bowie are ie have appealed to Scots to remain part of Britain.
In these gallupe independence supporters have been at a loss.
Supermarkets difficulties continued in the middle of summer - the country Ilta-Sanoma news - the
Supermarket sales also continued to decline in July, tells Päivittäistavarakauppa ry.
According to the supermarket and hypermarket chains talo- turnover fell in July by 3.2% lower than a year ago.
The worst has takunnut home and leisure product sales, turnover fell by more than 7% a year ago.
Also, meaning products were sold much less than in the previous summer.
The value of retail sales of daily goods instead of a year ago in July and rose by nearly 3%.
Most sales grew pienmyymälöissä small and large supermarkets.
At the start of the year, during the course of the oak grass in supermarkets and hypermarkets turnover has shrunk by more than 2%.
Sales of daily goods instead, has increased by almost 1%.
Joan Riversin family " " is hoping for the best
Joan Rivers has been tajuttomana since he was brought to New York in the centre of the hospital, but his daughter was now hopeful that better 81-vuotias comedian for his illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support", your Melissa Rivers wrote today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother was engulfed in Sinai -sairaalaan on Thursday because of a heart pysähdykse. According to sources at the the treatment site, Upper East Sidessa, Yorkville Endoscopy -klinikka, announced an emergency hospital.
Doctors are intentionally keeping him calm as drugs and following him to his condition closely until she is currently in a serious condition, he is stable.
The case has caused widespread reaction in the audience, and, for example, Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa have provided support online.
Areva-Siemens, the reactor will be completed by the middle of 2016
Areva has supplied industrial Voimalle TVO's Olkiluoto 3 for the updated timetable.
Areva, according to a press release of the project's recent delays are mainly due to the fact that the reactor's automation systems submitted for approval.
The project is already years late.
TVO is not touko given in any assessment kolmos reactor construction period.
Nastola Bottakse gave to 1.4 hectares of coastal tonti - value of approximately EUR 60000
The municipality Nastola gave Formula driver Valtteri Bottakse to 1.4 hectares of coastal Kärkjärve of tonti Villähtee from the
The municipal government showed a good sporting spirit and was unanimous in its decision.
A fragmentation was not part of the meeting when it was decided, says kunnanjohtaja Pauli Syyrakki.
The present Bottakse tonti has a farm building - a total of seven paragraphs.
The municipality to break even this year except one.
Bottas has promised to build tontille within two years of a holiday home.
We are honoured that he has spent from his birthplace and wants to continue to play well here.
Valtteri nyt are conducted every year in primary school to tell his sporting career and his life.
And, hopefully, it will continue to be, a local leader says.
He believes local coastal tonti's financial value to EUR 40000-60000.
Ranta is low and child-friendly.
The area has been owned by the municipality in over ten years.
Nastola has over the decades with varying success in sport is successful nyt gift tontt by municipalities.
The world champion keihään Aki Parviainen aerobic and a world champion Tuuli Matinsalo omakotitonti received from municipalities and built hulppea were omakotitalo by themselves.
They do not, however, kept Nastolassa but sold his buildings and moved away.
Parviainen Nastolaan Matinsalon and came to work and then changed their lives changed elsewhere.
Bottas is born peräinen nastolalainen and his situation is different, permanent Syyrakki tuumaa and believes Bottaksen kotikunnassaan.
Hull pestas Hernandez was the aggressor in the club record sum
Hull Valioliiga club, the club has invested a record amount of the national team Abel Hernandez.
Hernandez Hulliin switch from Italian club 9.5 million pounds, or about 12 million euros.
The agreement is for three years.
Hernandez hit last season with 14 goals, when Palermo won Serie B and Italy's main series.
The Uruguay national team, he has made seven of 14 to match
In last summer's tournament MM-loppu Hernandez came in two exchanges of the game on the field.
Abel is a fantastic acquisition and shows how far we have come in a short space of time, said Hull's coach Steve Bruce
On Monday, Hull said he also of Senegal's national team captain Mohammed Diamen West Hamista.
Russian space test was a failure - sex seksimatkalle posted gekot died
Russia's space to grow by five little gekkoa are dead, says Russian Federal Space Agency Roscosmos in his newsletter.
The Foton-M4 Gekot matkasivat -satelliitin aboard more than a month and a half.
Satellite re-entered the country on Monday morning, Finnish time.
The experiment was designed to investigate the reproductive capacity gekkojen and behaviour under conditions of zero gravity.
The test was part of one of the male urosgekko and four naarasta.
Although the test sounds bizarre, its purpose was serious.
The impact of, for example, the development of eggs are known to only a few.
The impact Ge Gekkoihin can try to anticipate what the effects of this would be people oleskellessa for longer periods of time in a similar condition, illustrated the New Statesman in July.
According to Roscosmoksen gekkojen kuolinaika of -syyt and the cause of death or explained.
According to the news agency Interfaxin, '' ristityt passengers jäätyivät.
Regarding yllätyksellisyyde says also that the saman Foton-M4's tour aboard the same followed through our own hedelmäkärpäset survived reissusta vaivoitta, and also of the offspring.
The terrorist epäilly France arrested at Nice airport
French terrorism suspect the man arrested at the airport of Nice on Saturday.
The man suspected of her actions in Syria with the jihadist group rekrytoijana.
The French authorities about the matter on Sunday.
Authorities were able to track down a man after it had attracted money young 16-year-old girl to leave Syria.
The girl was due to fly to Turkey and cross the border from Syria.
The airline did not believe her explanation that she was going to visit his grandmother who lives in Istanbul, but of the public authorities.
Authorities contacted the girl's father, who was completely unaware of the intentions of the daughter and told authorities that the family is not a family in Turkey.
Authorities say a man has come from Chechnya, but he currently live in France.
French intelligence authorities had been monitoring the man's activities in the past.
In France, the authorities have been concerned that Iraqi or Syrian war attracted radicalised young people constitute a security risk but also for France.
Authorities estimate that around 800 French nationals or domiciled in France during the last conflict, travelled to Syria, returned or is currently planning their departure to Syria.
Koponen: We have a good chance of victory
The basketball team hopes further seats are at stake, when Finland faces World Cup today in his second match in the Ukraine.
If the opening loss to the United States was expected include Ukraine, the countries should Finland profits needed to take place.
Ukraine is in a gang, but I believe that we have a good chance of victory, Petteri Koponen.
Ukraine beat the Games on Saturday in his first match of the Dominican Republic 72-62.
A team to prepare NBA-veteraani Mike Fratello, whose command of Ukraine is playing aggressive basketball.
Ukraine's key player is Eugene " of " 's Pooh Jeter, whose sister Carmelita Jeter is 100 metres world champion three years ago.
Against the Republic Dominikaanis Jeter threw 16 points.
Pooh Jeter jätkä fast, but yes, we are kind of against in the past and we need to get our standards right puolustus, Koponen said.
Hanno Möttölä promised that Finland is playing better than in yesterday's loss to the United States.
We need to find their own strengths.
I can guarantee that the ground is seen as normal for a pack of wolves, then Möttölä said.
Hollywood stars were the alleged naku images spread life.' net - ensured as part of
The Internet is spreading a series alastonkuv, which maintains the well-known public figures.
Actress Jennifer Lawrence, among others, has been the "perfect victim" image campaign.
The entertainment website TMZ has published Lawrence's representatives to the angry comment, which would appear to confirm the authenticity of the images.
This is a flagrant violation of privacy.
The authorities have been contacted, and anyone who publishes (on the Internet) Jennifer Lawrence stolen images, will be put to trial,
TMZ, actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead has confirmed that he will spread the images are genuine.
He had taken the pictures with her husband years ago.
While I know that those images were destroyed a long time ago, I can only imagine what a trouble for this purpose was seen.
I sympathise with all those who were victims of hacked, he writes, according to the website.
Instead, the actress Victoria Justice says in his own name, these pictures were fake.
Genuine or fake alastonkuv are also circulating at least Kate Uptonista, Kirsten Dunstista, Ariana Grandesta, Hope Solosta, Krysten Ritteristä, Yvonne Strahovskista and Teresa Palmerista.
Even Honka paint - criticised: " are not doing enough work to get away from this "
Football club FC Honka Veikkaus is currently in last place in the league
Paint - Walter Viitala's comments Sunday illustrate VPS-ottelu after the company's confusion over the current situation.
I do not have for four months been maalivahtivalmentajaa.
But everything must adapt ", Viitala 1-2-tappioon said after the battle ended.
Honka took the game, especially in the first half at half-time a lot of defensive mistakes
The paint - it was bad defence from a gambling pleasure.
Players Hong in shipping has been busy this summer, and this is also the reason why, in the face of the participating in quick succession.
Echoing Pelaa also rulet with the many young players are getting opportunities that they might not even qualify.
Part " are not doing enough work to ensure that sometimes go away ", Viitala tuhahti without naming any individual players.
The main coach Honga Shefki Kuqi was, to some extent, I agree with to
"I said after the game that to the players that if you treeneihin and the fun and games to keep the pools it seems be league player, and you do not have to work, then you're probably in the wrong team", Kuqi said.
I have given many young peliaikaa.
If they do not want to take it and to take the opportunity of the place, so it is not my fault.
Kuqi also recalled, however, that players should not expect immediate success when playing kaveri are constantly changing.
During this period, there have been two times in a row to the same team.
In defence, especially porukka nut are changing.
It is the main reason why we have this place ", Kuqi said.
Honka is a serial VPS-tappio then jumbo, playing in the penultimate of the TPS.
League Veikkausliigaa still has seven rounds, so there is still time to avoid espoolais Ykköse caved.
I have never been a team, and I will not leave now.
Indeed, we should not fall into this series of countries ", goalkeeper Viitala uhosi.
Lars von Trier in the decades after the break tv-sarjaa
Film director Lars von Trier will return to the TV series.
The Danish director is preparing a TV series called The House That Jack Built.
The project Sarjahankkeesta told Trierin films as a producer Louise Vesth worked today on Monday at the Venice film festival.
The production company, according to a press release of the descriptions Zentropan should begin in 2016.
In Trier, the College will set to work on the script, starting this autumn.
The series is in English.
The mysterious project announcement also reflects the long-term collaborator Tristan, a hard sale myyntipuheistaan well-known producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
He said a similar series ty " has never seen and will never see tull ".
Please hold your breath " ", Aalbæk Jensen says in a statement.
Lars von Trier, 58, has in recent years been known as the hype from the media who file complaints of their deposits and their films such as Antichrist and Nymphomaniac.
In television, he guided Valtakunta-sarjan during the 1990s
01.09.2014 15: 20 retail chain Lidl appears to have won over Finland, at least if the performance figures are to be believed.
The trade group Lidl's Finnish operations run by Lidl Finland Kommandiittiyhtiö -konsernin turnover continued to rise at the end of February of the financial year.
The company also increased their output.
The result before tax reached 79,6 million, compared with a year earlier when it was 56,4 million EUR.
The turnover was inflated to 960 million to EUR 1.2 billion.
Growth was 25%.
The company increased its market share also improved business income 61 million to EUR 84 million.
7.1 Liikevoittoprosentiksi was.
The German owned Lidl accounting period lasts from March until the end of February.
The company says it paid out in February from closed accounts from tax in Finland 13.7 million.
Constantly broadened myymäläketjuaan told the company is to invest 100 million euros in Finland this year.
In Finland, there are currently 142 Lidl -myymälää, and it employs more than 4 000 workers.
The first shop was opened in 2002.
Ice Bucket -haasteeseen osallistujalta leuka sijoiltaan from participants
Male British, Ms Roberts was so loud when he ran kylmä went into ice water on to his face damaged the bone.
This Ice Bucket -haaste ended painfully bad.
A woman has been taken to care for her karjuttuaan Ice Bucket -haastetta while carrying out so loudly that her leukaluunsa went sijoiltaan.
Ms Roberts was male so fast when she ran kylmä went on the ice to water that he damaged the structure of their face.
"The water was so cold that only male, but the roars when I felt that I started my leuka jäykisty off ", he tells The Mirror -lehdelle.
The ice water is dumped on top of the 20-year-old.
Ms Roberts, a moment before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but I have not been able, my leuka was stuck and then I realised that something is wrong.
Then my mother and sister noticed the same thing, and began to laugh, but I was flying down the emergency medical treatment.
The super suosittu challenge on Tuesday participated in a 20-year-old Briton was taken to hospital where leuka was set back in place.
Mainly video pätkä has become Internet sensaatio, and it has been shared thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Perspective of wolves ulvontaan everyone (even): How can you explain the growth of in the number of
Today was quite a formidable fiilis.
In this koripalloilija said Sakari Pehkonen in 1995, when Finland was playing against France EM-loppu turnauksessa Maroussin palloilu in the hall in Athens
Not Pehkonen is exaggerated.
I remember the game when it was there.
It was also about 100 Finnish who shouted to draw 20 000 spectators, the otherwise empty noise.
I wonder what would be said Pehkonen nut 19 years later in the World Cup after the Ukraine match
Bilbao 100 suomalaisfanin forces has kahdeksankymmenkertaisesti.
The European Championships of 1995 was the game of the Finnish etsikko era.
The men were found their way to the final by winning in the match, including the Russian selection Helsinki sports villa.
This victory opened the doors to the cream.
Everything seemed good.
It was a promising young people, such as Hanno Möttölä.
The main coach Henrik Dettmann Möttölän put the chalk kalkkiviivoilla lopputurnausjoukkueeseen.
The solution, which many people had a different view.
Now we can say that from Dettmann was wise, although all did not go according to the script.
After Athens basketball koripallomaajoukkue crashed deep.
Finns in the Athens games, there was reportedly a total of slightly more than 100.
This included journalists, players' relatives, Finnish koripallo coach and a few fans.
In Bilbao, journalists, relatives and coaches, but there are also fans.
And there are many of them.
This phenomenon has grown to such proportions.
No one will be able to tell the exact figure suomalaiskisaturisteista.
The estimates have been on the move between 7 500-10 000.
Whatever the figure was that sometimes, it is quite incomprehensible.
This is sports sosiologe for an explanation.
In a global economy, businesses are moving across borders.
In sport, there is still an opportunity to look at how we are doing internationally.
The increase in mobility, we will have to see how our girls and our sons are doing in the world, says Professor Hannu Itkonen liikuntasosiologian.
Certainly, both in Spain and in the air of the World Cup in Poland is the Finns, who are seeking elämystä.
A common experience.
It does not explain everything.
In fact, sport must become more attractive.
Itkonen brings the sport into the popular culture.
There is a lower threshold to start Sports Games than to Berlin to see art.
Scale is still not without success
Just look back to 1995.
Then the coach Dettmann challenged basketball league and players to indulge his long-standing elite in a professionally.
It took almost 10 years.
Then the tide turned and the team activity was paramount.
The movement lentopalloväki did the same a little earlier.
Now they both enjoy the fruits of that work.
As the machines It says, both species have managed to reduced its major sports, which works as a sacred triad: Sports media
It will also take an interest in the public.
And the media has taught nut, what kind of support It karnevalistinen, Itkonen recalls.
Whether palloilu species are transferred to a long-standing interest in this massive sarjo also killing?
During kori- and air balls for playing keskimäärin sado, or a little more than a thousand spectators.
Itkonen sees the issue as well, and not necessarily give an answer which the promise a very good species.
The second school believes interest in the move.
The second is the one who does not want fresh stomach full.
This delegation is ready elämys trip to the World Cup, but their basic philosophy in a series of domestic sti kaksise are not interested
It is a challenge to keep people in the midst of the euphoria.
For the building site so slowly Bottakse - almost 1.5 hectares of the lake shores
Nastola rewards Formula driver Valtteri tonti Bottakse's beach home.
The municipal government has approved 1.4 hectares of the donation of a building site so unanimously, at its meeting on Monday.
The rising tontille leisure accommodation in the future.
Success Nastolassa has been Bottaksen this karting era.
He felt good for the envoy to promote Lahtea, Lahti Nastolaa and the
Gift Koiskala tontti is located in the seaside Kärkjärve.
It has become Nastolan municipal ownership as part of the bigger picture regarding kiinteistökauppaa.
There are seven landings in the shape of the building, including six from the municipality to dismantle at the end of this year.
Bottas reached Formula 1, part of the Belgian section of the fourth palli in its this year.
He has MM-pisteissä in the fifth.
Bottas has syntyperäinen nastolalainen and lived their childhood Villähteellä.
Today, he lives in England but will Nastolassa free formuloista, whenever it is.
Bottas has visited secondary schools and youth facilities.
Clothes are trendy designer - but hardly the poor
It will present and test them in New York, which is currently in the ongoing U. S. Open -tenniskilpailussa.
Smart shirts Ralph Laureni of testers required leads me to have the ball, but also of the top university players from the amateur covers Marcus one.
According to him, the shirt will help him to follow their own development and to regulate toipumistaan.
There is a silver nailon anture of kudottu, this information is conveyed to the shirt mokkula and then on smart phone or computer screen.
Sensors measure heart sykettä, by inhalation rhythm, stress and steps.
A central unit mokkula twist before throwing the shirt in the washing machine.
The fashion house has not told the exact time of commencement of shirt sales, nor it even suggested price, Tech Times uutisoi.
Raph vaatte Lauren is not the only smart to invest in a company
Athos kalifornialainen nut, is that sales of smart and intelligent shortsi are restrictive.
They were measuring syket, breathing and muscle work.
The clothes are paying a hundred dollars per head and the required size of thumb ma central unit will pay two hundred dollars.
Techno clothes also wrote Red or bit.
A smart way to save in textbooks
The costs of in America, many students exceed in the case of 1, 000 dollars, so soon after the second year of study establishing the Matt Schroeder came up with a way to save on costs.
He developed a system of subsequent annual courses, in which students borrow books against nominal compensation instead that they would sell the books along the same path.
"My mathematics would normally cost $180; I paid it for use throughout the academic year to 10 dollars and a hefty sandwich " says 19-year-old Schroeder, who is studying in the Covenant College in the State of Georgia.
Schroeder says that in his last lukukauden's book would have normally paid $430.
Instead, he used the $120.
The university, according to the Board, the average student spends more than 1 200 dollars a year for textbooks and school supplies, but students have at their disposal a number of ways to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly using online retailers Schroederin and Schroeder's idea of the kind of creative approaches.
Increasing numbers of students rent textbooks, which they can use to book the entire academic period and pay were considerably less than the book was bought by students.
More than 250 campus book trade, according to the ex-rebels Neebo Inc -yrityksen rent textbooks has doubled since 2011.
The statistical data reveal that around a quarter of university bookshops books last spring was temporary documents Neebo-yrityksen chairman Trevor Meyer says.
The National Association of College Stores -kauppajärjestön says that less than half of all books are purchased campuses in bookshops.
This is the simplest way to save real money.
Online sales
A new book online shops can only receive one third of the price of what it would cost kampuksen in the bookshop.
Ron Larsoni, Bruce Edwardsi and Robert Calculus Hostetlerin " " -kirjan during the 9th edition of recommendation price is almost $290, but special documents on-line Chegg.com, the book will cost 239,99 dollars.
Buy used,
The books are a good option, if the reader do not interfere with other notes and passed the appearance.
For example, "Calculus" not used Chegg.com-verkkokaupasta -kirjan 93,49 dollars.
Brigham Young Universityn last year's student Matt Casaday, 25 years old, says he bought the book " Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business " used Amazon.com network trafficking only 0.42 dollars.
As a new book would cost $48.
The University of Massachusetts Amherst ' 's College Without Walls -koulun director Ingrid Bracey and other academics in recommending that students ask professoreiltaan professors, whether prior to the course.
Sometimes the new edition of the reforms are not essential for education
In this case, the old painoksen can only find a fraction of the price, which should pay for the new.
Amazon Chegg- and book shops, eBay's Half.com Inc ', is popular with the purchase of books.
Rental
Rental of textbooks is worth considering, if pidät of them good care, you will remember to return them and you do not need them, be completed.
Renting can save more than 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, Calculus " " -kirjan rental for the entire academic year at a cost of about 20 dollars.
Agenda of the hire company's rules, such as notes, and wear and tear on the use the following payments.
Vuokraaja, not your guard: If you forget to bring a book, late payment cannot be greater than the purchase price of the books.
These books
Acquiring e-kirjo vehicles instead of ordinary paper tull can also be a question.
Sometimes, these books are hired, paid e-kirja, of the holder, for example, Amazon.com-, Inc Chegg- or Barnes & Noble -kirjakaupoille.
No Chegg-kaupasta " Calculus " -kirjan e-kirja during the six months by approximately $61
According to many literary Braceyn because many students are the most of several klassikoita can now download, free of charge, whereas in the field of science and technology books can be very kalli.
A comparison of the various sellers, and then select which option
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon begin Pepperdinen Faculty, recommends the a good reason to use a price book ISBN-numero out because it will be able to ensure that the search for the right book.
Before the web site, to ensure that the record is certainly in storage, Gault says.
He himself learned this the hard way.
The supply of buying his book had on ice for four weeks, and he was eventually forced to land buy the book at full price, the university bookshop.
People travelling tamperelainen to fill 20 years
The theatre, created in 1994 to combat unemployment, exclusion and passivity.
Activities are welcome all who want to make art.
Organise an expression of leisure activity 17-35 -vuotiaille pitkäaikaistyöttömille.
The proposals are often in a position in society.
In recent years, there has been, among other things, depression depressio Moderata aiheinen - Minäminäminä! - humorous stories about narcissism, it sovituks.
Believes that each person can change their own lives.
Fires killed nearly double the number of people compared to last year
Fires killed this year is nearly double the number of people compared to last year.
The Central Organisation of Finnish rescue (Spek) so far, according to the media monitoring service in the fires have already killed 55 people in 49 different pieces.
Last year, a similar fire deaths was 31.
Most of the dead, 36, has been men.
Over 65 has had 11.
The organisation's fire deaths, according to the statistics, the situation was worse than the last was in 2009, when the end of August, fires had killed 64 people
The majority of fire deaths occur in homes.
There have been 17 flats fire deaths, 21 omakotitaloissa rivi- and others, as well as seven in the
SPEK is the home of the fire safety.
At least all the functionality of a home's fire varoittim of Spekin operate, should be ensured.
In addition, all tul to check that the instruments are easily accessible but
Of all the spaces in the home must also be unimpeded exit route.
Children should also tell us what electrical equipment when they are alone they are allowed to use at home.
NATO summit: The first protests Newportissa and Cardiff
Opponents of the NATO summit in protest Newportissa last weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered in the city centre Newporti to march against NATO.
On Sunday, about 150 people gathered in Cardiff to a town called a summit.
Stephen Fairclough was followed by events over the weekend and spoke with the demonstrators, who had arrived from Belgium in
Young people were rescued by air from Australia's blue mountains
Two teenagers patikoitsijaa were hoisted to safety after their night stranded in Australia's New South Wales in the blue mountains.
A 16 year-old girl and a man aged 18, left to wander after midday Sunday for the Govetts Leapille Blackheathiin.
Relatives were concerned about young people who had not returned home, and called the police iltakahdeksalta.
Local police officers and consisting of a search party was sent to look for the young, and kaksikko was found at about 23 near Bridal Veil -putouksia.
The girl was injured knee, and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Police spent the night with the couple and they were brought to safety on Monday morning.
An ambulance patikoija are exported through the Blue Mountains -sairaalaan, and their condition was stable.
The Ukrainian military withdrew Luhanski airport
Ukrainian Luhanskin forces have withdrawn from the airport.
According to the Ukrainian army soldiers were given the withdrawal order
According to Ukrainian paratroopers are heated together with Russian tanks on the ground.
According to the army spokesman, the opposite tykki flame has been so precise that, as the likely ampuja are Russian professional soldiers.
Over the past 24 hours, seven Ukrainian soldiers have died.
Azov Sea in south-east Ukraine off artillery osumia yesterday received a Ukrainian patrol boat sank in the morning, says border guards.
Eight Marine soldiers have been saved and two are still missing.
The border guards had no certainty about where the ship was shot.
The separatists told us already yesterday on social media that he shot.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says that Russia is not going to invade Ukraine.
Mr Lavrov insisted, however, that Ukrainian forces must immediately withdraw from which they cannot fire on civilians.
According to the Foreign Minister in the Minsk talks today with Russia, Ukraine and the OSCE should be to achieve an immediate cease-fire without conditions.
Mr Lavrov also warned that Russia will respond to possible new economic sanctions.
First, we will protect our interests, to our economy, to the social sector, our businesses.
At the same time, we will also have to draw conclusions from our partners' activities, Lavrov threatened.
Heavy rains prompted floods in Malmö and Copenhagen in their countries
Streets flooded in Malmö and Copenhagen on Sunday, when heavy rains piiskasivat southern Sweden and Denmark.
Flood waters cut off several roads, were confused traffic and then buried cars.
On Sunday, the authorities estimate that the floods in confronting it may take, although rain was forecast to stop by Monday.
Heavy rainfall reached out to the Swedish authorities, given in advance, rather than wet weather warning.
The Finnish meteorological institute päivystävä meteorologi Ari Mustala estimates that the region hit saderintama was very local.
The rain area appears to be narrow and more permanent.
No wonder if it has been difficult to predict.
The French Socialists should 'be quiet and help France ", Francois Hollanden main advocate says
Valls urged the deeply divided the left "to show their feelings " by struggling against the socialist president, which the composition of the new government, there have been French majority approval.
He deserves all the respect he deserves our loyalty, our solidarity, our support.
"Our job is to remain at his side", Valls said and earned applause.
Amid Tyynny gesture Prime Minister called on the government to leave in peace, France's controversial 35-hour working week, despite a new economic minister, Emmanuel Mac Macronin issued earlier this week, discussed a proposal that the rules should be relaxed
On Saturday, Hollande urged the Socialists to act in concert with the government.
The Minister for Justice, Mrs Taubira is, however, caused by long-standing rifts appeared different opinions of Socialist MPs meeting and criticized by Arab the Socialist Party that it allows for "the French to give up hope for the future".
Far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen mocked the Socialists continued mutual disagreements and said that he did not believe the new government Vallsin lasting a few months longer.
Francois Hollande has perhaps gone soitellen during the war, but so also, Manuel Valls, whose duty it was to form a new government, after the previous one has not even in the summer.
"And the new government will not last until the autumn or winter", Le Pen told reporters.
He reiterated his party's proposal for the dissolution of parliament and his party had to pit a secure electoral victory in the early elections and he would be ready to lead the party.
France's ruling party suffered a crushing defeat in the March municipal elections and the extreme right pit was in possession of a list of warheads in the May European elections.
On Sunday, the Journal du Dimanche newspaper opinion poll shows that 76% of the French believe that the Socialist Party may well split into various competing groups before the end of the period Hollanden in 2017.
Po University political scientist Pascal Perrineau warned that the French will soon lose patience if the new socialist government of failing to improve the economy and unemployment
"There is a small chance of success, but the public should recognize that change is happening quickly", he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate even further.
Pokka deceived morning Finland's Kirsi juontaj of alm-Siira, Nina Rahkola of meteorologi and Pekka pokka of Pouda failed badly in the programme nauhoitetu reveals.
Morning Finland -ohjelma issued last Thursday on its Facebook page a video on Thursday of an nauhoituks.
The video by Kirsi juontaja alm-Siira and Nina Rahkola were both meteorologi Pekka Pouta trying to record the Finnish advertising puffi tomorrow for the next day's broadcast, but the recording is not just a pipeline.
Alm-Siira sekoilee said, when he tries to pronounce the word budgetary ritual, and he also followed their Rahkola of Pouda, its long-standing pokka to lose and time after time.
And these heroes should be allowed to withdraw the direct broadcasting by tomorrow morning Facebook solution.
The video has become so popular on Facebook, and it is both tykätty that shared on Facebook more than 10,000 times.
The Office worked with Jorma Lehtikuvan K. Pouta, 68, took the third in a series potrettien in 1972.
The picture is Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir
Helsinki, 'as the construction chiefs Sosialisti house held a meeting of the Socialist International in May 1971.
It was a meeting of Heads of State and the security measures were enormous.
When Golda Meir went to the toilet, seven security guards went there.
At the start of the meeting, but we got a good five minutes to describe.
I took this picture of four to five metres away.
The light and the background were in place.
As soon as I realised that this time was successful.
It sees Meirin on the face, the leaders of the Middle East has been difficult in the past.
In the competition, performed at known persons or events from pictures.
It is wonderful that today can also be successful in other images, provided that it is an idea and visual bargaining.
This is the second best picture, which I have taken.
The best is Lasse Virénin kaatumiskuva at the Munich Olympic Games.
I sent the competition.
Väitös: The virgin investigation has already cost more than five million
The Helsinki police drug unit's investigation into the legality of the operation has cost more than EUR 5 million and called for 30-50 years of working
This will assess Jyri Rajamäki Jyväskylän University väitöstyössä in its information technology.
Rajamäki suggests that the control of the legality of police activities and the fight against crime in general can be improved considerably by combining the legal process of investigations and information systems.
Mr Rajamäki, modern technology allows forensic material monikäytö.
He says that it is possible to build a system in which to collect information on the crime is automatically meet the chain of evidence for electronic evidence is material, and at the same time, to enable a comprehensive legal control.
On Saturday väitös are checked.
Yle: The 1999 interpretation of vegetarian meals, was forgotten for a school wall: Vegetarian " dieetti are fish and chicken food '
The infamously pirkkalalaise of Naistenmatka, on a school wall was of particular note was caused by food scares in social media, says Yle nettisivuillaan.
Kasvisruokailijat!
In a school lunch vegetable dieetti are fish and chicken kanaruoat.
Only when the list is meat, we manufacture the vegetarian option!
The school says the wall in left, 15 years old newsletter.
To see the picture here.
Social media spread the picture has made people to send Pirkkalan municipality närkästynyttä feedback.
The head of the food and sanitary services'Principe Arja Vaarma says that the wall label upon the nut forgotten is incorrect and it should have been removed long ago.
Apparently coming before me has ever had this kind of idea that has been discussed at the time with health care.
Every pupil gets its hopes of a meal, he says to the
On this day, Pirkkalan schools pupils are offered vegetarian option only with the consent of parents and the doctor or a health certificate from a vegetarian diet.
The solution to justify'Principe Vaarma told it that young people may experiment with vegetarian food leave the nutrition, and a lack of meat or chicken can raise a few eyebrows from pupils' parents
Norwegian Cruise, close to $3 billion worth of Prestige Cruise -sopimusta
Norwegian Cruise Line NCHL.O Holdings Ltd, the world's third largest cruise company, is negotiating to buy the rival Prestige Cruises International Inc -yhtiön by three billion dollars. The data come from close contact with the people.
Trade with the Norwegian Cruise -yhtiö, whose market value is about $6.8 billion, would be given access to the Prestige Cruises -yhtiön luxury risteilijä and wealthy customers in competition with its bigger Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) -yhtiöitä against.
According to sources of information about a possible agreement may be published as early as this week, although it is also possible that the talks did not produce results.
The Prestige Cruises, the company owner, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20% of Norwegian Cruise -yhtiöstä.
The sources did not want their names made public, because the negotiations will not be conducted in public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises company representatives have not responded to requests for comment, and the representative refused to comment on.
Miami, by acting on: Norwegian Cruise -yhtiöllä has 13 cruise ships whose route map covers North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its turnover increased by 13% from 2012 to 2013, when turnover was 2,57 billion dollars.
The Prestige Cruises, which operates also from Miami, sails Oceania- and Regent-brändinimillä, which include a total of eight cruise ships, and the route map covers Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
Its turnover in 2013 was USD 1.2 billion, which is 6% more than in the previous year.
29 billion dollars' worth of cruise industry is expected to benefit in coming years from emerging economies such as China and India, rising middle classes.
Companies compete in order to get these new customers "options to them in choosing a cruise.
The Prestige Cruises recorded a stock market in the United States, the first issuance of shares in January 2014.
Apollo has been owned most of the company's shares after the 2007 trade, which was worth $850 million.
Norwegian Cruise was established in its current configuration in the year 2000, its reunification -risteily-yhtiön Genting Bhd (GENT.KL). The latter is the billionaires malesialaise Lim Kok Thayn entertainment and casino company.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian -yhtiöön systems in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise has to be listed as a public company in January 2013.
According to published data Gentingin's share of the company was 28%, 20% and of his intention private capital investment company TPG Capital LP: The proportion of 8% from the end of June.
Carnival-, Royal Caribbean Cruise -yhtiöiden: Norwegian Cruises- and the aggregate share of North American cruise capacity is 82%, shows the Prestige Cruise company shares in connection with the issuing of a registration document.
The Tampere municipal government is dealing with the matter today.
Animalia hopes not strong support for the initiative.
The executive director of the Animal, Tampere University for a thesis on the excise leva Salla Tuomivaara of delfinaario, whose time in Finland and around the world should come to an end soon.
In recent years around the world, fortunately, is a widespread view that mammals such as dolphins developed the marketing delfinaarioissa are not eläinsuojelullisesti and ethically sustainable.
This approach would also be allowed to Tampere.
Not only is the abolition delfinaario animal rights issue, including the question of the Tampere's image as a tourist destination Tuomivaara points out.
According to an Tuomivaara Näsi delfiini's death to strengthen calls for dismantling delfinaario alasajosta.
The death is sad Näsin continuation Särkänniemen delfinaarion of a dark history.
It is time to put an end to these deaths, to close the prison, as well as dolphins, to begin to explain how the Tampere dolphins could be restricted to maritime zone, a kind of dolphins to shelters, calling Tuomivaara.
Näsi nyt koke did not get a return of their original habitat, but hopefully the remaining Särkännieme options.' dolphins koke was able to add more life than the concrete reservoir virikkeettömä of Tuomivaara hopes.
The aim of the animal protection association Eläinsuojelu is that the use of all species of wild animals in circuses to be banned in a pending animal protection law in total reform.
This category also includes delfinaariot.
The requirement to support Animalia toiminnan, chairman of 1.9. Tuomivaara is today taking part in the protest on behalf of dolphins.
At the Japanese Embassy in Helsinki, the statement takes position in Japan due to open against the dolphins' hunting season.
During the hunting season, imprisoned or brutally killed each year approximately 2300 dolphins, either delfinaarioiden or food.
Putin calls on Kiev to open land uut government negotiations with the Eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted on Sunday that Ukraine's government to end the fighting against separatists in the east of the country and to immediately start negotiations with the region of outgoing " valtiomaisuudesta ", Russian news sources are telling.
His representative to Dmitry Peskov, clarified later that Putin meant that separatists in the centre of the eastern Ukrainian region would become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine will have to reconsider, so that we can give to the Russian-speaking population of the power to defend their own rights and interests
Putin's call for the Kiev government negotiations with the rebels in Russian reformers as equal negotiating partners with his apparent strategy, which he has followed since the violence began five years ago: He is trying to help the separatists to take over the region and thus to coerce the government of Ukraine, in practice, to grant long-standing Novorossijalle to newly proclaimed independence, enabling it to turn to Russia instead of the West.
The State Kanava -tv-kanavan 1 interview, Putin condemned the Ukrainian army's efforts to take back the separatist's the eastern Luhanskin Donetskin and the region, which the separatists captured in March and April in Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula itself on 18 March
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently dipped " Novorossijaksi ", this " Venäjäksi " - a new term to remind the Russian superpower revolutions that preceded the of the glory days
According to the Russian news agency, Putin said that the planned peace talks are "an illusion" as long as the Ukrainian politicians take campaigns on 26 October for the elections and the government forces are attacking civilians in areas controlled by the separatists
"We must immediately begin comprehensive negotiations, not only on the technical aspects, but also the organisation of society Kaakkois-Ukrainan and the status of the country. It takes into account the interests of the people living there", he says.
According to Mr Putin's reference Peskovin " valtiomaisuudesta " are associated with greater independence, which has been discussed for months with Kiev's leadership as it tries to dispel the fears of Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and linguistic rights would be under threat.
Only the government of Ukraine can be granted to the eastern regions of a country's independence, Peskov says.
On this issue there can be no talks between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov says, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but Ukraine's internal conflict".
The Kremlin's interjection, which was intended to make Putin's comments "wrong interpretation", stressed that the Russian administration is dealing with the separatist rebellion in eastern regions differently than in the case of Crimea, leaving it virtually occupied territory whose 2 million people, the majority of the population is ethnically Russian.
Moscow would be much more difficult to link itself even Luhanskin Donetskin or the regions in eastern Ukraine, because most of the 6.5 million people living in the region of in people is not ethnically Russian, and because the conflict the previous opinion polls show that the majority of the population was in favour of staying in Ukraine.
Independence, which Russian diplomats are discussed in international forums, would allow Ukraine to local governments the right to set their own trade agreements and foreign relations, which would give the Kremlin virtually power in the region, which connects Russia to Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula, which was annexed by Russia five months ago, is located in the Russian fleet, commercial shipping, port and historic coastal destinations.
The Russian Rostovin between Crimea and the region also has mines, factories and metal metallinsulattamoita, which produce life-saving products for the Russian army
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed virkaanastumispuheessaan on 7 June that Ukraine's legislators - new after the elections - to consider amendments to the constitution in order to increase Ukraine's nuclear zone of the power of their own finances and the status of the
His vision for independence, however, there appears to be a sharp difference between the Kremlin and Moscow's armed and stirring separatist sentiment.
Putin made his latest call for negotiations with the government in Kiev, Russian reformers as equal partners with the rebels, after the rebels went further last week, Russian tanks and troops to eastern Ukraine invasion of a previously peaceful region Azovi off the coast of the sea.
Ukrainian security officials fear that Russia sponsored separatists Novoazovskin to take control of the city is the beginning of a larger effort, the purpose of which is to take over the strategically important coastal area Crimea
It has led to massive civilian and army personnel in the city to reinforce Mariupolin. Half a million inhabitants of the Mariupol steel known as productive as a port city, which is located on the Crimea peninsula Novoazovskin and a narrow area of land in between.
Poroshenko spoke on Saturday in Brussels, European Union leaders begging for additional measures to prevent future violations of Russia in Ukraine, a former Soviet Republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We will soon reach the point of no return", Poroshenko warned.
Ukraine's territory is now thousands of foreign soldiers and tanks.
The EU summit made no direct management decisions; leaders drawing up further sanctions so that they can be introduced if the Ukraine crisis to flare up in unexplained circumstances.
The Ukrainian soldiers were to withdraw from territory Ilovaiskin two Russian panssariosaston and 1 000 soldiers transition last week Donetskin, in the region in order to strengthen the struggling separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council spokesman, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
According to Lysenkon, the first from the Russian Ilovaiskissa isolated countries, Ukraine 63 soldiers were exchanged for 10 Russian parachute hyppääjä, who was imprisoned in Ukrainian territory a week ago.
The opening leg of the paint was already japanilais taituri Keisuke Honda in the game in the seventh.
In the second half and hit a little later force.' Sulley Muntari penalty from Jeremy Menez.
Lazio also received kavennus paint after the end of the game through reading rankkari, but paint - Diego Lopez, Antonio Candrevan laukauksen.
Lopez moved from Milan to Real Madrid in this period
The leg of the former ikoni attackers Inzaghin training debyyti San Siro's stadium was only half full.
The match attendance was reported to be 39 000 spectators.
Australian julkkikse and Gabi Grecko alastonkuva scandal pyörtee options.'
Geoffrey Edelsten has told its nut pöyristy nyt hackers may have stolen her A-lista of kihlattu and Hollywood stars Gabi Greckon of alastonkuv.
The entertainment world is has kuhissut after a series of Jennifer Lawrence were published on the Internet a vast julkkis as a result of broad julkkiskuvahakkerointiskandaalin.
The hacker is said to be in possession of a total of 60 alastonkuva hunger games tähti Lawrence and other super stars, such as top model Kate Uptonista and Cara Delevingnestä, singer Rihannasta, Ariana Grandesta and Lea Michellestä and actress Kirsten Dunstista.
The Australian actors Teresa Pal oceans, Emily Browningin, Yvonne Strahovskin and living in Melbourne Greckon images has apparently been stolen iCloud-vuodon context.
The list has the names of the 101 julkkikse.
Last month Greckoa kosinut Edelsten Confidential-lehdelle said, "this is sickening".
All personal contacts and images should remain private.
It is a disgrace that private information can be stolen and disseminated.
The New York Greckon are reported to have commented on the case of the online magazine "a disgrace" and said that victims "feel ashamed".
The hacker is believed to be under 30 Palmerista illustrates this previous boyfriend Scott Speedmanin, including two sample Palmerista dance on the edge of the basin.
The oceans Pal film earnings include, among other things, the film " Love and cocky Ho or " opponent näyttelijä Liam Hemsworthin.
Palmer, Strahovski Chuck series star and Sucker Punch -näyttelijä Browning have not commented on the pictures hakkeroituja yesterday.
The representative of the Lawrence TMZ-lehdelle said, that "this is an outrageous violation of privacy".
Actor Seth Rogen vihastui hakkerille twiitissään: "Kännykästä publishing stolen pictures does not differ in any way from the sale of stolen product".
The publication of the stolen images should not be made it possible, from the legal point of view alone.
Finland played almost like at home and rose impressively victory for Cuba in the World Cup.
See the pictures of the craze for fan
Katowice, Poland, on Monday was white: Not the Polish red and white but the Finnish blue and white
Finland's victory followed Spodek-areenalla STT's almost 2000 Finnish supporters.
It seemed as if it would be played for at home.
With such a big impact on the fans, we had the Finnish captain Antti Siltala said STT.
Finland was game in defeat, there is already lots of 0-2, but rose to victory within 3-2.
In the fourth instalment of Finland made a rise of six points.
Cuba has already led some to 16-10, but then the Finns received hurmokse.
A couple of hundred Finnish fans, however, was subjected to a long-standing petty, in an arena, no education.' charter has not been able to land because of heavy fog.
So the Warsaw reached fans missed the pitch.
The Finns nee palloilu fans have invaded Europe hard pace over the last few days.
Spain's Bilbao basketball World Cup fans of Finland will present more than 8,000.
Just as each element would have been the match of Finland to victory in the basket of the US star player Stephen Mr Curry praised Finns korisfaneja after Saturday's match.
The meeting of the council will not be sent as a direct due to technical problems
The city council meeting Kouvola was not in a position today to look through the Schoolnet, broadcast live.
According to a press release of the shipment is not possible due to technical problems.
Kouvolan city regrets this situation.
The latter record can look in a couple of days of the meeting.
Kouvolan city council meetings have have been able to look through the Internet from the beginning of the year.
The next time, the decision-making process can result in direct 13.10.2014.
The council's videos can be found at http: / / www.kouvola.fi / index / and the city YouTube-kanavalta. Paatoksenteko aikuisvaestolle /
