28 -year-old chef find from asleep centre from San Francisco
Newly to San Francisco resettled 28 -year-old chef find asleep local centre from rappukäytävä in this in week.
Victim's brother though says, unless not you know no one, each is liked to hurt tail, and posits: "He's matter they go with twigs also with goods".
Body, each find Westfield Mall -from centre Wednesday morning, identify 28 -year-old sanfranciscolainen Frank Galicia, San Francisco's killer researcher's agency say.
San Francisco's police department say, that die define homicide and that investigation do in visit.
Victim's brother, Louis Galicia, tell ABC's channel KGO:lle in San Francisco, that Frank, each did earlier moved linjasto stems in Boston, did let dream jobs sanfranciscolainen Sons & Daughters -restaurant's linjasto chef six months ago.
Sons & Daughtersin representative said, that heh do "terrified also shaken" he's death due to.
"in Mei do small team, each moves like close family, also tail I custom to need hard", representative say.
we Send drift also condolence Frank's family also to friends this difficult time.
Louis Galicia say, that Frank doss alkuun in hostels, but that recently "he's matter they go with twigs also with goods".
"He find flat and date some girl", Louis Galicia tell KGO:lle.
Louis Galicia say, unless not you know no one, each is liked to hurt him nascent brother.
He did benign and in him did great heart.
He's way to know affinity family with did to make to us food, to make päivällinen", Louis Galicia said.
He non never liked do participant in any disputes.
He did brother, each tide flow along with.
"in World, in who so many matter do in stile, he did unsanded diamond, each shined each day clean", he said.
in All, in who do from matter information, is asked to call San Francisco's police department to clue line to number 415-575-4444.
Interne to strike: Requirements new työtaistelutoimi from pide
Interne's representatives do asked union to adopt new työtaistelutoimi pide they's dispute about that new agreement.
British Medical Association -doctor union (BMA) Junior Doctors Committee -quango (JDC) asks totally council to support to renew työtaistelutoimi pide September's start from.
JDC says, that ministers do not successful to adhere to concerns about that agreement.
Interne also doctor students they vote in July damning agreement, each did settled BMA:'s with.
58 points cast from limbs abandoned its.
Torstai-ilta Twitter via in published letter to limbs JDC:'s president Ellen MCCourt said, that government did remained "persistent silent" from questions, who him with they led agreement's rejection.
He said: "in This valossa JDC:'s government do voted damning full advise new agreement also exigent formal uudelleen negotiations kaikista from cares".
Answer government's silence JDC:'s government do today presented formal request BMA:'s council's special from meeting, that early in September begin gradually advancing also expansive työtaistelu to programme is let mandate.
from Dispute do followed, that interne do participated this year six strikes, mukaan lukien first to complete work stoppage NHS-health care system in history.
BMA:'s interne's leader, doctor Johann Malawana, differ so to scent, when in vote did to rejected agreement mediated, BMA:'s recommend <pl> conditions.
He did told BMA:'s to limbs in meetings before 54,000 interne and -student's vote, that agreement did good and the shall to adopt.
Vote after terveysministeri Jeremy Hunt say, that agreement I custom to impose England's doctors.
Russia also Turkey: outside consortium?
Gesture, each close to crisis.
Russia and Turkey's leaders they meet Tuesday shake second and declare eight months take words also economic sanctions fight officially all over.
But Vladimir Putin greet to Turkish colleague Peter's palace in golden hall, I let clear impression to conceive, that in Ankara is liked this reconciliation more.
Yea, in opportunity shake.
But Putin's smile say contrived, nor he just neither exude heat, even own low-key standards with.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan that with only speak away "from dear friend" from Putin - five repeats some's report with.
I Snap in bills.
He also swear, that relations Russia with they sear non only crisis forego to level, instead even poor.
Next day newspapers here they exposit Erdoganin conduct , than nothing evil do not ages happen neither.
from Own mind he's enthusiasm reflect opposite.
But from Putin emit coolness show, that Russia's leader do not forgotten nothing.
Self in matter crisis's reason did first matter, who he mentioned in opening speech turn: when Turkey shot downwards Russian taistelulentokone Syyria's border.
Moscow's reaction then did furious.
Putin attacked accuse Ankara that, that the stab Moscow selkään.
Insult did even evil, when the came from supposed friend.
Real confidence modernisation comes do difficult, maybe impossible.
Russian great public opinion do also changed November to scent.
Months I lead state manage media lead eye-popping, thorough attack Ankara I respond.
Suddenly affect that, that Turkish did syypää to all.
Serious did high mandarins charges that, that Erdoganin own family do benefited illegal oil from trade Isisin govern from <pl> Syria's regions.
He do banned this painokkaasti.
But Pietarinen official message did, that do time to move on.
Final final this meeting happen alone that, that Putin let call apology's president Erdoganilta.
Russia achieve somesuch award.
Strict cease-fire agreement's benefits do clear.
Firstly also Erdogan need all possible friends so to scent, when they nigh supersede vallasta past moon in abortive coup.
Steady terroristihyökkäys in Turkka do also palpably rattle tail.
Addition do existing economic motive.
Russia's financial punishment do did heavy, notably ban to tilauslento, who usually bearing multiple million Russian tourists Turkey's coast annually.
Number do set nigh 90 points.
behalf Russia local matkanjärjestäjä also tilauslento companies do certainly relieved, when flights from end they continue.
They they hope late season dash to Mediterranean.
Also already in this in week state's tv set do predicted cheap fruits also vegetables so to scent, when agricultural product's import from Turkka again is allowed.
"you Turistaa there, tomatoes back here", like Vedemosti-newspaper's report format.
Mutta in visit did also political lisäarvo to Moscow.
in Ankara do to angry western country that, what is lengthen weak answer assay to coup.
When that is increased long taken resentment snail's momentum roll EU-jäsenneuvotteluista, open enters Putin, each do yeasty to utilise coolness and to rag Turkey's ties to western country.
Russia's leader sure let irtopiste from Ankara, to who he call revolution company to scent support appointed authorities.
Toki this indeed do conclusion to Moscow, in who do own syvään entrenched fear power from switch.
Ergo this meeting showy seaside in palace enable Russia also with Turkka present "outside consortium", like some analyst describe situation to me: two countries, who they experience western country strand them and treat them wrong, linking force.
in This two do though great dissensions no matter from public reconciliation.
Key problem do Syria, in who Moscow do recently reconciled self peacemaker's role, but in who Russia also Turkey they support opposite stave.
you Can do telling, that nigh three hours working talks to scent, presidents they tell to press, that heh did not even wield matter.
Turkey's president avoided purposely respond to question join they's dissension, when again Putin elect heddle's emphasizing.
do not clear understanding that, from what heh they feel to look from coupling bases Syria's relation.
Months open hostility to scent, and when is taken to attention possibility to full disaster Nato limb with Turkka shoot downwards Russian taistelulentokone, do certainly better, that two leaders do again even in speech lag.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears Scotland from outside customers
Bank's president along RBS brand is reduced back office -to role.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears Scotland from outside customers.
Ross Mc tell BBC Scotlandille, that RBS brand join bank to international objectives.
Its's scent, when bank nigh collapse eight years ago and the must to save, the do apostate from this from objectives.
Pankki's strategies do used in this time 'RBS'-brand to protect other consumer funding brands.
That support million international sport to sponsorship used pounds, Six Nations -rugbysta Wimbledon-champion Andy Murrayhin.
But now do katsottu right to give national brands to come to forefront.
Royal Bank of Scotland do in use Scottish customers with, but that does not start again from start.
in England also in Wales all RBS references main office also pörssilista doors lukuun ottamatta is changed NatWestiksi.
Ulster Bank -brand do already in use Ireland and Northern Ireland's customers.
Do do other, small yksityis banking's brands, who they let addition visibility: Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt" Military Bank.
MCEwania interview customers also staff's round Inverness-shiressa.
He tell BBC Scotlandille: "RBS-tuotemerkistä comes investor brands also workers employer, since you meistää comes now far more brands's bank".
When from bank automatically fire global brand, from RBS come global brand.
I Say so, that in us non anymore do global objectives, in us do local objectives.
Everyone from this from brands means something very different in own communities, also staff works customers with this's brands upon.
RBS do already intoned, that the does not continue Six Nations -sponsorship, and the do raised other brands's profile in sport sponsorship.
"Us do now time to move brands's bank I direct, since pohjimmiltaan (do asked) question do that, how butter to focus to make hereof to customers better bank", president say.
Three years ago I do do very cynical, if we do said, that aim do shining bank to customers also offered this brands.
But so work along what do made intent customers to needs, non own, I believe, that you see far changes.
Can to bring those brands old, ergo I believe, that time do right.
Frankie Dettori overcomes Newmarketissa Predilectionin with and to achieve 3000 awards
Dettori to spray champagne so to scent, when kaksoisvoitto's scent in him do all told 3000 awards
Jockey Frankie Dettori ensure 3000. limey awards Newmarketissa Friday.
He achieve milestone's evening in second award in home railway compete John Gosdenin by coaching Predilectionilla.
45 -year-old Italian do kuudes jockey, each achieves this's milestone in kilparatsastus.
He follows Sir Gordon Richardsia, Doug Smith, Lester Piggottia, Pat Edderyä and Willie Carsonia.
Threefold champion jockey Dettori, each overcome prior Ghayyarilla, say: "This do special".
Do very emotional, when also family do here.
Do very happy, that this happen Newmarketissa, when here I start 30 years ago.
in Question do not big event, this do not Royal Ascot, instead ordinary Friday evening also 20,000 humans.
Do relieved also very humble.
Dettori sucks to self hurraus, when he walks Predilectionin visible award's scent.
Two jockeys do achieved this's milestone in obstacle competitions - champion jockey Richard Johnson also eläköityä 20 -kertainen champion Sir Anthony MCCoy, in who did records offend in career over 4300 awards.
Lester Piggot, 9 -kertainen Derby winner, 4493 awards
Frankie do ~a current era from best jockeys, nor do surprise, that he do achieved this's milestone, who only few do achieved before tail.
He do elegant also strong, but him tactical nous separates they you remember in punnitus room.
He do posh envoy to competitions, he's enthusiasm also charisma do carried fans ilk pariin already years I lead.
I Say Frankielle few week ago Epsomissa, that he is ridden 6000 winners, if he do not only weekend also big games jockey!
Seriously spoken Frankie do ridden in winners in Great Britain great part 30 years, which do could to see.
He do lively person, each do good thing to British competition, but so addition he do stunning jockey.
Frankie Dettori solemnise milestone trademark form in lennokas abseil from saddle.
from Lennokas endings to lennokas abseil, Frankie Dettori do do British kilparatsastus faces together decade I lead.
This do do big dipper.
Heaps awards in big games, mukaan lukien him famous 'Magnificent Seven' -awards Ascotissa year 1996, but he also manage from aircraft accident and suffer kilpailukielto's drugs due to.
Three years ago in him did alkuun difficult him resume six months kilpailukielto's scent, but he show important backbone challenge sceptics and resume in best order.
And he might to continue even long also - Dettori do earlier said, that he likes to continue contend from <pl> anyway 50 years to age until.
Russia's Putt to separate executive officer Sergei with Ivanova
Russia's president Vladimir Putin do surprise separated executive officer Sergei with Ivanova.
Ivanov do do part Putin luotettu loop Mon's years I lead.
63 -year-old do now appointed environment also traffic matters special representative.
Kremlin's opinion say, that Putin do "imposed with Ivanova to transition away Russian presidential administration leader's tasks", but to this does not give reason.
with Ivanova apulaisjohtaja from year 2012 from, Antto's Persecution, do appointed he's successor.
Persecution, 44, do former diplomat.
He rise Estonia's Capital in Tallinn year 2012, graduate from arvostettu Moscow State Institute of International Relations -from institute (MGIMO) and move Tokyo's embassy.
Late he lead president's protocol also government staff, is said Kremlin's webpages (Russian).
When he appoint, he say to Putin: "Kiitos from confidence".
According administration important task do to support you's activity head of state, what comes laws's drafting and rubrics realisation's management.
Putin tell to Russian to tv set depot Friday, that Ivanov did asked to let to leave place also recommended, that Persecution appoint him instead.
Do smiles impressive?
This do movement, each do confused Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov do long do ~a Vladimir Putin from adjacent allies and, like Putin, move Soviets's security in KGB.
Executive officer he did some country from powerful men.
State's television in readout in meeting president Putin with both men they claimed, that executive officer withdrew aside from own request.
But no matter from smile to cameras, only few here do sure - etenkään now, just before parliament elections.
Eli do this or somesuch in-fighting jälkimaininki?
No one non even know.
But official argument that, that man, jota time advertise potential presidential candidate, likes also suddenly to lead Russia's ympäristöpolitiikka, do moved con most doubtfully.
Kremlin's webpages in loan supports in comments to Putin Ivanov say "do truth, that early year 2012 I ask teas in talk to give four years to responsibility this very complex, can indeed even to say arduous, task.
Well, now do do executive officer four years also eight months".
Ivanov adopt task's December 2011.
He move earlier varapääministeri also Defense Secretary.
He do limb Russia's Security Council also former limb state's security in KGB, like also Putin.
1990 figures loppupuolella, when Putin did leader state's security FSB:ssä, each replaced KGB, Ivanov appointed he's vice-president.
When Putin soar to power, he mentioned with Ivanova an five humans, to who he relied most.
Time thought, that from Ivanova feels to come Russia's president Putt second period to scent, that Putin third period is do constitution contrary.
This task though go to another Putin to adjacent ally, Dmitri Medvedeville.
from Putin come chancellor before he's return president only three also half years late.
Criminal Minds -aster Thomas Gibson let shoe struck producer
Gibson did past in moon participant in physical dispute series's location in Los Angeles.
Series producers, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, they announced he's separation in common opinion.
Erikois agent Aaron Hotchneria staged Gibson presented apology on Thursday beforehands he's dismissal announced.
in Location did creative differences also row.
I Rue, that the happen", he say in opinion.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studiosin opinion along details that, how Gibson's figure is removed FBI agents's team from telling series, do await late.
Prior Dharma & Greg -sitcom starred 54 -year-old do do aboard in series so from first period year 2005 from.
"I Love Criminal Minds -series, and do given that all last kaksitoista years I lead", Gibson say on Friday in published opinion.
Did hoped being aboard to end until, but the do not now possible.
I Like or to thank authors, producers, actors, stunning workgroup and especially best fans, who in series feels do.
series kahdestoista seasons start do planned September 28. days.
Mystery fish/fishes they end up to garden Banffissa
Banffissa living man do asked aid identify fish/fishes, who do arisen he's garden.
Kevin with Ba believes, that 75 fish/fishes they can do launce, who maelstrom do left jälkeen.
with Ba, each lives 500 -metri päässä from sea, publish Periscopessa footage from spectacle hope, that any butter to bring sobriety together inch long fish/fishes to apparition.
Queensferry Crossing -ylikulku place: bridge extends now to Fife
1.35 mrd. pound's project is expected now being to ready May 2017 by
Engineers do linked Queensferryn ylikulku place northern deck and viaduct, which means, that bridge extends now to Fife.
The do first four locks "deck lucks" in lag, who do now graduating silla everyone three stakes around.
Bridge end Fifesta do now 600 -metri long and to sag 30,000 tonnes.
That do 10,000 tonnes steel also 20,000 tonnes concrete also 46 harusköysi.
1.35 mrd. pound's project is expected now being to ready May 2017 go.
Commerce Secretary Keith Brown visit in työmaa today and did in first number walking from country to silla.
He said: "This do historic also symbolic moment Queensferryn ylikulku place in building.
from Tody all most impressive engineer work here in project, in who do used over 30,000 tonnes concrete and you spike with one this's bridge end's building".
bridge from huge size also edition regardless viaduct also bridge deck intermediate lock finalise do calling operation, in who extreme precise measures comes to agree coupling.
Kaiken kaikkiaan nigh 79%<sent><sg><nom> from bridge deck do now in places also deck last end concrete deck is imbue today Rosythissa, which means, that totally deck do ready to raisable places to silla.
Michael Martin, Fort Crossing Bridge Constructors -project's head, say: "First lock in what whatever in bridge project do always meaning milestone.
Here in fantastic project this lock represents architectural engineering's tip.
When last road deck's end did mounted also combined expansive northern stake's road complaint, us must so to scent to close left being end northern, lived to midland address , from side.
This made by carrying northern route viaduct 700 millimetres south's direction.
This did huge and to same while very calling measure.
Huge, when viaduct do 222 -metri long, sag some 6000 tonnes and that must to carry some 3%<sent><sg><nom> in inclination.
Calling, when allowed measure deviations, who along team worked, did tiny, or few millimetres to kumpikin I direct.
Luck all though go with goods.
Rescue Moelfre Baylla: Three men do "fortunate do in living"
Three men do "fortunate do in living" so to scent, when heh they fall from fishing boat Angleseyn edustalla.
Moelfre RNLI -lifeboat depot make alarm's o'clock 13.20 (BST) on Friday so to scent, when crew see event developing Moelfre Bay -in gulf.
Three men they try desperately to swim to aegis they's boat continue on self.
"we See boat travelling up men and we imagine evil", Moelfren lifeboat's helmsman Vince Jones say.
"Happily strong wind did blown so away them I sound that go, when we reach to movement", he increase.
Local fishing boat save two manly, also third, 60 -year-old man find exhausted hanging from can free rescue vests.
Men take to coast lifeboat and bring back to lifeboat depot.
Jones say: "This three waters must man do fortunate do alive also all intact.
Boat's engine did kill switch tier, but the did somehow unjointed boat lead from person, when boat fell.
Any give care from this from lads today.
Pokémon Go do honorable health also happiness's hunting
Do piquant to see, how world changes.
Worn decade during many do worried that, that teenage also children not anymore go out to play, instead that heh rather downhill leisure evidences by looking.
Pokémon Go lets humans to nousema up from sofa and to participate johonkin to activity.
Evidence time narrow originally to television, now to video game also now past times to intelligence telephones.
Do so eminent to see, that technology also outdoors activeness do not close second away.
I Refer of course to fad named Pokémon Go. to Application, each bases to figures, who develop originally 1990 figures to video game (late from this rise drawing series, cards also other follow-up products).
Like many popkulttuuri's phenomenons, so popularity did somewhere with numbers bated before this new game publication in U.S., in Australia and in New Zealand early in July.
So after game's publication in other countries lykkääntyä, that huge popularity overload servers.
Only in days Pokémon Golla did users more than Tinderillä also nigh as far than in Twitter.
How the ago moves?
in Nutshell explain players they use intelligence telephones look Pokémon, who is traced GPS's aid, and who find's scent can "to photograph" (telephone's screen abduction's aid) or "to snare".
Generation, each play game nascent, do to aligned fad also jumped up from sofa along to searches.
in United states game do led to signal cut-in "average person" in daily steps.
Apple Watch -application Cardiogram, each follows 35,000 users, tell recently to Washington Post, that together day in game's publication 30 minutes dinner mobile humans number jump 45 points 53 points Cardiogramin tailing in users.
Company does not know, who plays Pokémon Gota, the sees only practice level informations.
Mon public health campaigns's behests "you find 30", "you soar from sofa" and "you do active each day" do not produced nothing print thence from reason, that great part public health from warnings do dull and you scythe motor humans, who they say hapless.
Exercise's essence non nevertheless can to disgrace.
Regularly mobile do low risk to sicken to cancer or to depression.
Activeness helps in weight's management, to high blood pressure also to diabetes mellitus. So interests do too manifold in this list .
Pokémon Gon tenuity do that, that the lets humans to go out and to make something, from who heh they enjoy.
with This is covered health three pillars: exercise, fresh air also sunshine and fun.
Any humans even they let hunt new friends.
Like usually, they deplore spoilsport tec hereof matters, from who complains.
Yea, any can to walk square door.
And ago?
Do happened breakthrough.
Albeit prior also did Fitbitin like applications, in who can to follow activeness, this do not give accuse to ambulation even as with ways than this game.
Novelty disappears also use subside time.
Pokémon's success flow comes though other games, who adjunctive applications also virtual reality's reaali world's activeness help many drive humans do active, in better order also healthy.
you Read doctor Joe's blog in address www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles grab gold women's gymnastics in moniottelu
Forget pressures.
you Forget fame stir.
Simone Biles do immune that to all.
in Energetic leaps.
Going in beam.
Believe in parterre.
Shining anywhere.
Also now, from end, olympiavoittaja.
19 -year-old American gymnast achieve moniottelu's championship Thursday leave self also end world intermediate gap visible Olympian's beam.
He kokonaispisteet, 62.198, did palpably better, Kui's hopeamitalisti and "Final Five" -team comrade Aly Raismanin also Russian pronssimitalisti Aliya Mustafinan.
U.S.'s Simone Biles in balance beam women's telinevoimistelu moniottelu itemize in final year 2016 kesäolympialaiset Brasilia's Rio de Janeiro Thursday.
Bilesista fire neljäs American woman, each do sequentially superior moniottelu championship, also kaiken kaikkiaan viides American champion. in Same he brace reputation generation, also mayhap all's times, best.
He break to tears, when he's final points announce, and him long way to this moment close.
This achievement raises him to same category other generation best athletes, like Michael Phelpsin, with, who do raised ilk to new level:
Biles do managed ilk last three years overcome 15 worlds mestaruusmitali, mukaan lukien 10 golden, in programmes, who's ambition also accuracy's mixture do do so ällistyä, that year 1984 olympia champion Mary Lou Retton call tail "best näkemä gymnast".
Last test expect in Brasilia, competition, each did not with this neither Biles also other competitors in lag, instead him also ylisuuri expectations burden's lag.
Return family's huts Texas's Spring free handful gold medals is do disappointment.
U.S.'s Simone Biles, in vasen, and Aly Raisman they hug defeated golden also silver medal (here in order) women's telinevoimistelu moniottelu itemize in final year 2016 kesäolympialaiset Brasilia's Rio de Janeiro Thursday, elok.
Biles achieve first medal Tuesday, when he move high point eläköityä national team coordinator, Martha Karolyin, in exit celebrations.
Without Biles claim, that he do not never thought future walk long road to super, the do not all truthful.
Part he's parterre from programme - you sire, to who hears he's trademark volt passing - do coordinated to latinalaisamerikkalainen music, each agrees swimmingly also to street Rio's olympialaiset arena viereen.
This do not chance.
Hereof from girl, who he's grandparents they adopt tot, and who's coach Aimee Boormanin mother find, when girl did in field trip in hall, in who Boorman coached, do come powerhouse.
He do not lost in moniottelu summer 2013 scents, and this winning streak continues so long, than Biles likes.
Without Mustafina did in small leadership together round's scent, the did only phantasma.
Balance beam also parterre, in who Biles do managing world champion, they expect.
He soar to tip in beam points 15.433 and exceed this by letting 15.933 parterre.
Raisman hug tail kindly, when heh they expect end point - plain formality - also kyynele they soar Bilesin glitterpunaisella, in whitened also in azure to defined eyes, when from dreaming, from who he time write to scrapbook, come truth.
Raismanin performance did somesuch rematch four years old, when he did shared in third place, but lost bronze Mustafinalle in repeat.
in This time 22 -year-old manager, jota American they call "grandmother", did palpably in leadership.
He bishop lentosuukko to public parterre performances after in tunnekuohu from return, each in lag affected questionable.
What Bilesiin comes, this 19 -year-old broad spread twiittaus prior from this from week lets hard new essence:
to Polish: Three victims in sarjamurha low them listen music in car
Phoenix past decade's first serial killer case in pestilent attack died two women also 12 -year-old girl they sit in car chatting and listening music, when them low. with This tell on Thursday published police in handout.
Authorities they say, that Angela to Roche Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and with Ellinen daughter Maleah low 12. Junes in drive parked do to car.
in Handout is told, that car's passenger side stood gunman trigger handgun even eight times and flee so after in second vehicle.
Police along kolmois kill does not affect do robbery result, that aggressor does not take handbags or second in adult victim do 2900 dollars.
Phoenix's police representative, sergeant Jonathan Howard say, that shoot let researchers to look at, did the connected four to prior attack.
All along seven humans do deceased also two casualties four months during pass nine attacks, who do made two things in latinalaisamerikkalainen barrio.
"This they happen in tract housing home front", Howard say earlier here in moon CBS's subsidiary KPHO:lle.
Suspect is believed wield multiple vehicles, like 1990 figures final part brown Nissan, 1990 figures final part black BMW:tä and white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Researchers do not agreed to reveal evidence, each lead to conclusion, that attacks they join to another and do same killer make <pl>.
Ellis, 33, must injuries flow to hospital, in who died late.
Liner, 31, and with Ellinen daughter, Maleah, they died in locale.
Witness told to police, that heh they sat often in parked car listening music.
Authorities they published also police handout from shooting, each happened only half hours before kolmois kill and who's target did tyhjillään being pickup truck. This is believed do also serial killer's work.
Researchers they find bullets's shells, bullet's seat and bullet's shards from engine mode.
Microcephaly sick way 6 -year-old mother: "Mode ease off"
Edmund Picciuto, like great part from other kuusivuotias, loves singing, toys also of course mother.
But, second like in great part from ikätoveri, Edmund do nanocephalic. This do consequence from genetic disruption, from who he's mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, does not know do heavy.
"When he fire first repeats to huts, ensiajatukseni did, that do not can to this.
do not can to this.
do not throw such.
Which do not at all truth - truth maybe I throw", he say.
to Him and he's husband, to Vincent, tell, that Edmund non necessarily never learn to identify them, and that he non necessarily even ride out.
Any doctors even they propose, that they invest to laitoshoito.
"Ensireaktioni did, that 'do not know humans yet able that'", Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks walk rack in aid.
Edmund does not sit or crept like just three -year-old, nor he speak even neither.
But he achieves slowly something milestones.
He walks aided and to lead in bicycle.
Addition he loves game together brother with and to sing.
Elizabeth says, how Edmund invent in <pl> in signs is signed "you sing to me".
"we Teach to him sign language", Picciuto tell CBS Newsille.
Mutta in question do not ordinary sign language - he tells, that Edmund do invented something own signs.
Microcephaly can to stem lukuinen other from reasons: genetic, like then Edmund, or antenatal virus from infections, like from measles or Zika-from virus.
Symptoms also forecast they feel to vary dearly.
Do too early to say, how the affects Zika-infection let to life.
Picciuto remembers uncertain future cause feeling load.
I Ask or, what comes to happen.
What comes to happen?
Nor he actually even neither know.
not self in matter do asked forecast to times, since do not expect, that no one can such to me really to give.
But Picciutolla do toivorikas advice to mothers, who's babies do Zikasta stemming birth defect.
Mode ease off.
Can faith, that mode ease off.
you Love load, also children loves you.
Rainstorm also floods they cause rescue operation Mississippi's Louisiana
Rainstorm also broad spread floods in Louisiana they let governor to declare emergency's Friday. to State expect addition rain Saturday.
'sational Weather Service -sääpalvelu reports, that liberal rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi they flood over banks and they cause broad flood threat johtuen äärimmäisen from rugged rains.
Louisiana's governor John Bel Edwards say, that state's authorities do away connected paikallis to authorities, and that aid do already in income that need to counties.
Governor's security also to emergencies provision's office representative Mike Steele say, that heh they let requests highwater's vehicles, from boats also from sandbag.
Steele say, that with one Tangipahoan county ask ten thousand sandbag.
Flood vigil do in force to Saturday until in great part southern Louisiana.
Sääpalvelu say in opinion, that to region is expected even three five cents addition rain.
in Southern Alabama flood vigil did in force Friday, when rain continued Mobile's region.
Baton Rouge around flowing Comite-river and Denham Springsin around flowing Amite-river they lie both in Louisiana, also this predict assign flood super record's weekend during.
Weather sibyl Alek Krautmann say, that both rivers they can to flood to multiple houses Baton Rouge around being suburb in regions.
He say also, that threat do infra river along located Ascensionin county flood, when pouring rivers they dip slowly Lake Maurepas -to lake.
Mississippi's state border's eteläpuoli Lousianan in Liverpool flowing Tickfaw-river did all's times in high level Friday morning nine.
Saviour they cull yet humans from flowage Amiten and Wilkinsonin in counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford and he's wife also stepsons did Friday near Glosteria in saved number.
62 -year-old Hansford says, that normally over 400 afoot in distance he's house located Beaver Creek's water soar swiftly night during.
He says, that second, around living stepson warn tail.
"we Awaken, also water or continue rise", Hansford say.
The extend to waist until.
Hansfordin wife tell to man, that he do not seen rill's water so high this 48 years during, who he do lived instead.
Hansford say, that and in him that he's family do in all injuries, and that he do only uimataitoinen.
Hansford say, that pelastustyö factors they save trio great, army in type lorry and they take them Glosterin to firehouse, in who saved they doss Friday.
Krautmann says, that floods "they spread swiftly broad" rainstorms continue, and that authorities they plan evacuation fiat.
Krautmann says, that some witness near Livingston reports 13.75 inches rain midnight also Friday morning in lag.
Krautmann say, that country did from Wednesday until last rainstorm full thoriate.
Rainstorm also streets flood they lead Tangipahoan county's inhabitants to salvation from homes and recitations's backdown five school district, authorities they tell.
CBS's subsidiary WWL reports, that Tangipahoassa city council's limb say 200 homes stay flood under.
Inhabitants did evacuated two churches, but both do now flood upon.
County's president, Robby Miller, say, that authorities they save 72 humans also 7 pets, who did stayed highwater ring <pl>.
Amiten and Hammond's cities do opened protections to this, who do evacuated.
"They they let to resume to homes, when water begin to dip", he say.
Tangipahoan in county located Hammond in city parikymmentä streets close highwater's flow, also inhabitants they let to access sandbag try must water away from homes also from movements.
"Last great flood here did in March", said city's administrative official Lacy Landrum.
from This do in income similar case.
in Mississippi Harrison's county emergency leader Rupert Lacy say, that steady rain continue Gulf of Mexico's coast.
He say, that on Thursday handful houses tell alongside flood, but temporarily Friday do not reported at all flood case.
Amitessa located Shopper Caste Foods -movement's leader Keith Townson do lived in region 40 years I lead.
"Do seen water in places, in who do not such never earlier seen", Townson say, "also rain continues yet also".
"Loaded bullets" be kuusivuotias Mahaj Brown manages Philadelphia's gunplay
to Polish tells, that kuusivuotias boy do shot in Philadelphia, which means second kuusivuotias shooting in city in this in week.
Child's grandparents they tell CBS to Philadelphia he's name Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents they say, that Brown let multiple ampumahaava inter alia to crotches, to foot, to hand also to stomach, but he did tajuissaan, when they transferred to hospital.
"He suffered far, him you dice body did loaded bullets", boy's grandmother Delores Melendez tells to depot.
do not can to believe that.
in Hospital boy's mode do listed critical, and to him do engaged multiple cuts.
Family tells to depot, that him is expected convalescent.
Boy did starting first category in local grade school.
Brown did ~a four low from human Germantown's block.
Also three men low: two 29 -year-old also as 32 -year-old.
An 29 from -year-old men reported being in critical mode; two other victim did in stable mode CBS Philadelphia with.
Child found low car from etupenkki together in critical mode being 29 -year-old with, depot reports.
Two other victim did not in car, also to poles examines, can whichever from hurt men do gunman.
Researchers they tell CBS to Philadelphia, that says that, that instead did crossfire multiple gunmen in lag.
Hyökkäysase typed shells, who do from from different hyökkäysase, they meet locale.
Says that, that in question did absolutely steady fight.
in Street did shells sidewalk in both in stave.
"Says so that, that here did multiple armed fighters, and that heh did in active fight", Philadelphia's police chief Anthony Ginaldi told to depot.
Multiple houses also vehicles in region they let also hits.
Arrests do not made and let informations along to poles examines CCTV's ribbons.
Second kuusivuotias, girl, let from harhaluoti hit to hand Tuesday, when he did playing home front West Oak Lane's neighbourhood.
He do recovering, also to poles looks yet suspect.
What need Simone, Gabbya and Laurieta
So I call this's year women's Olympian gymnastics team, from more like one reason.
Firstly also do do in everyone in kesäolympialaiset from year 1984 from, nor USA do never do so managing.
Also second: Here in team do aboard three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who do inspired many coloured girls.
This's team koostumus, jota jew Aly Raisman also katolinen Madison Kocian they complement, you let all proud.
This team says, from end also, from America.
The do also established tummaihoinen also latinalaisamerikkalainen women presence's ilk in super.
Four past year I lead successful naisvoimistelija do do afroamerikkalainen.
Past year Simone and Gabby did first also second.
This do eminent.
Past in Olympian Gabby Douglas surprise olympiavoittaja, and America cheer.
Now world do let to prove threefold world champion Simone Bilesin, Douglas and Laurie Hernandezin stunning performances, in who heh they present abrupt, but masterly gymnastics programmes.
Thursday from Simone fire neljäs American woman, each do sequentially superior individual golden women in moniottelu.
Also team comrade Aly Raisman let silver.
we See ilk's super, but commission does not show from this in gyms other in stave to bed.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie they walk all same path, than Aly and Madison achieve olympiajoukkue.
They do "Final Five" (last five), when in next Olympian in gymnastics team comes do only four gymnasts, and this do Marta Karolyin last leak coach.
Reality though do, that gymnastics do expensive ilk, also gymnasts they train pääsääntöisesti private gymnastics in clubs, who they maintain old, who they pay coaching, modes, ways, uniforms, competition payments, hotel payments (to coaches and they's gymnast and to families) also list continues.
Great part from this from gymnastics clubs they lie prosperous suburb in neighbourhood regions, who they feel support ilk.
in This in clubs gymnasts they let all's coaching, and this do expensive also long-term commitment gymnasts's families.
Aimee Boorman, Simone Bilesin coach, and Maggie Haney, Laurie Hernandezin coach, do both coached athletes that from, when heh they start gymnastics.
Us comes to bring cheap also in saatava being gymnastics coaching to communities, in who they live Simonen, Gabbyn and Lauri innostama lukuinen nascent girls.
I Establish gymnastics foundations 20 years ago.
in Organisations do offered free also cheap gymnastics Harlemissa over 15,000 kaupunkilainen to youth (largely to blacks also to Latins) and do coached national also international champions.
in September we extend to Detroit (to hometown) offer standard gymnastics to lines, who they deserve possibility to learn and to benefit from this important olympialaiset -lajinen.
Gymnasts they develop body's force, flexibility also coordination, and mind's diligence, discipline also determination.
This combination offers lifelong benefits to good health and school also to work success.
This team's inspiration lets thousand nascent girls begin gymnastics, and the do eminent.
to Sport participation do so important, particularly to girls.
we Live exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison that, that you show seriously adopt "girl force" by overcoming Olympian's team golden, and that you motivate so many, other from backgrounds future nascent girls begin in the way toward healthy, strong also successful nascent womanhood.
Interne organising new lacs rejected Jeremy Hundred's proposal
Ministers did hoped abrogate dispute from changes by agreeing to improved agreement British Medical Association -union's officers with, but 58 points 37,000 votes attend from interne abandoned its.
in July Hunt revealed plans agreement's intimidation say, that NHS did "in alien soil", and that small also addition delays they damage staff also patients.
First interne is transferred to new agreement, each contains changes nocturnal also weekend's työtapa improve treatment difficult hours during.
Doctor Ellen MCCourt, BMA:'s interne's quango president, say past night in opinion: "in Interne do yet serious concerns join advise to agreement, notably that, that the accelerates being being workforce crisis, and that the does not treat all doctors evenhandedly".
When while beforehands first group doctors is transferred to new agreement do left only eight weeks, progress must to happen also time do stopping between.
BMA:'s companies to solve dispute negotiations via do faced government from side reluctance to participate also sometimes deep silence.
I See regardless Jeremy Huntti's promise past in moon, that he's door do always open.
"Jeremy Hundred comes to move now, removes sanction and takes to attention interne's cares.
If he does not make with this, interne do ready to continue työtaistelutoimi.
Last strike April's end mean nigh 13,000 routines cut also 100,000 receptions time's postponement, when nurses also consultive doctors recruit to move in picket line being doctors sijainen.
Ministers did hoped abrogate dispute from changes by agreeing to improved agreement British Medical Association -union's officers with.
BMA likes better week loppupalkka agreement's service kuuluville 54,000 interne.
Daniel Mortimer, NHS Employers -työnantajajärjestö's president appeal to interne, that heh do not go to strike.
Mortimer say: "in Työtaistelu is achieved very a bit or no nothing, but this they assign pressures already valmiiksi in exigent situation to being teams also to services, and they cause concern, anxiety also disruption to patients, to concern's holders and they's family".
Last together month during do discussed Junior Doctors Committee -quango with and, together terveysministeriö also other with, responded positively they's care about that monitoring's role (Guardian Role) also informations (Whistleblowing).
Employers did hopeful, that continuing positive talk other from important subjects - like from development, education's flexibility, from sabbatical resume addition from education, education's tenors, syllabus from mutual admission, from opintovapaa and genders from intermediate palkkaero in medicine - do sign that, how serious employers, Health Education England -education organisation and terveysministeriö do marras, gem also in May BMA:'s as well attained agreements from respect.
Two pounds dinner paying medicine oh to reduce heart attack risky
Thousand heart attacks patients do benefiting two pounds dinner foot from medicine so to scent, when authorities they recommend, that that is given to humans long.
Blood's clotting preventing medicine, ticagrelor, drops renewable scenes in risky humans, in who do cardiopathy.
Medicine is given already 12 months I lead heart attack's scent, that stroke or second scene risky dip.
NHS:'s steward NICE do advised, that that shall to give to humans four years I lead, that can yet to dip heart also blood vessel problems risky.
But now NHS:'s steward NICE do advised, that that shall to give to humans four years I lead, that can yet to dip heart also blood vessel problems risky.
Some 140,000 humans lets each leak heart attack's England, also quarter from this lets second scene or stroke.
Heart attacks also strokes they stem artery's wall accrued fat from material, each formulates stenosis.
If stenosis rupture, the feels to cause verihyytymä, each prevents bloodstream's heart cause heart attack.
If clot come off, the feels to walk blood along with and to break bloodstream's aivot cause stroke.
in Persons who do already let one scene, do raised risk to let second.
Ticagrelor, who produces isobritannialainen company AstraZeneca, and who is sold in kauppanimi Brilique, reduces this risky by making clotting less likely.
Today published NICE:'s in rubric draft is recommended, that to humans is given 90 mg ticagreloria 12 months I lead, what follows 60 mg aspirin as well moved twice dinner next together year I lead.
Professor Carole Longson, NICE:'s health technology evaluation centre leader, say: "No matter effective advance preventive treatments from handiness, even quarter heart attack let from humans they let afterward second heart attack or stroke, who's consequences do often disastrous".
Return's fear feels do telling negative impact person's quality of life.
Evidence shows, that ticagrelor together aspirin with do effective to dip late heart attacks also strokes in risky humans, in who do already do heart attack.
Recommend tentatively ticagreloria do happy can to increase in saatava being treatment options multiple thousand from this feasibly to beneficiary humans.
Since ticagrelorin efficiency also security hurting informations - particularly what comes hemorrhage's risk - over three years in ages do limited, in rubric draft does not recommend treatment long, than this's age I lead.
Political correctness culture allows election fraud boom <sg>'s Muslim in regions
Tower Hamletsin former mayor Lutfur Rahman remove from post past year corruption's flow give thrust's government to report.
Political correctness culture do led that, that in Muslim communities broad spread vote fraud do left without attention, is revealed today shocking government in report.
Former government minister Sir Eric Pickles scolds police, election stewards also city councils that, that heh do left without attention evidences from election fraud "to race also to religion related intolerance" flow.
Former community secretary, current corruption opposition's emperor, say, that electorate's deterrence with religious bases do so serious, that to police comes to allow possibility to assign cordon polling stations ulkopuolelle alarmed electorate suojeleminen.
He recommends, that electorate shall to present identity card vote prove, you cook heh do.
Now voter must only to say names also address.
in Report even is proposed, that cast person to finger put unerasable ink, that no one non butter to vote two I repeat.
Whistleblower comes to protect better, Sir Eric says.
He calls to press broad access council's documents also to decisions, who informal quango or workgroup do made.
"This does not protect only from election fraud, instead the protect local government broad corruption also economic fraud from culture, each walks hand in hand election fraud with", he say.
Government commission report's East Londoner Tower Hamletsin resulting vote scandal.
Past year special election court decide, that sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, comes to remove from post lukuinen corruption also illegal actions resulting charges.
Court posit Rahmanin "cynically convolute " Muslim communities religious feelings and slacken critic in charges from racism also Islam fear.
Rahmanin is said "elicit to campaigning that according to, that did loyal Muslims religious duty to vote tail".
Even 300 votes did dubious or print that, that person votes appear something second.
Sir Eric say, that evidence from fraud finds totally from country.
He present special care election fraud postitse cast in <sg>, in who high-ranking Muslim community's limbs say squeeze humans to vote them elect to <sg> candidate.
Sir Eric, in picture, make multiple recommendations electoral system's cleaning, aboard lukien identity's affirmation in henkilötodistus
He in report is said: "Evidence present that, that something ethnic minorities communities haavoittuva limbs, notably women also nascent, pressure to vote old I like along particularly in this in communities, in who do pakistanilainen or Bangladeshian background.
"Present to worry that, that...state's institutions did left without attention such behaviour 'politically correct' to race also to religion related intolerance flow".
Sir Eric presented 50 proposals system's refinement. to This heard so recantation, that political activists they let to wield postitse take ballots, that "votes's keruu" stops.
Report, who Theresa May look at, calls also strict revisions to registrations, that can to prevent election register use immigration also to compensation frauds.
you Look at options electorate's identity to affirmation before cast from <pl>.
you Use unerasable ink cast person to finger, that no one feels not vote two times.
you Engage systematic nationality revisions ensure, that heh do legitimate to vote.
you Assign three years border to requests automatic post via pass from vote.
you Prevent political activists wield ready post via take votes also envelopes, in who votes is sent.
you Give police to assign cordon around polling stations.
Other laws with this, that do easy to accuse humans from deterrence Representation of the People Act 1983 -at all according to.
you Make from photography in polling stations illegal.
you Call, that in polling stations is used alone English (except in Wales).
you Strengthen education ensure, that staff must drawn sanction, who along voter comes to go to skep with one.
Sir Eric rubbish Suur-Lontoon police force say, that do "astonishing" unless not at all charge lifted Tower Hamlets -case's scent.
"Election court recuse Lutfur Rahmanin and he's official lukuinen corruption also resulting illegal actions", he say.
They lukuinen bases pohjalta posit guilty free doubt, rikosoikeudellinen evidence threshold with.
He criticises also ineffective "tick off to screen -inspections" city councils's vote in registration agencies.
Sir Eric say: "Past year Tower Hamlets -judgment did wake-up.
in Nation do bright heritage parliaments's synnyttäjä, but this troubling also secretive election fraud spread and certain groups facts's recantation threatens this good reputation".
Crazy Kate to cyclist image also other celeb veritable pictures Rio's Olympian
in This in week fans Rio 2016 Olympian do gone stupid French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot'sta, who do proven being Cambridge duchess affecting image.
But 24 -year-old olympiaedustaja non todella neither do only this summer kullastaa tilt athlete, each you can to puff own in famous image - anyway social media with.
Ergo Rio's games and all in this in moment in screens performing famous faces honor FEMAIL do composed list's olympia from athletes, who they say palpably Hollywood's celeb.
Hunter also wolf: United states men's archery team's limb Brady Ellisonia, in vasen, do compared Leonardo DICaprioon that until, when he did child
from Pyöräilyrata find Kate image's addition many humans in network do did rapid to point out, how some tietty archer butter do aster Leonardo DICaprion twin.
United states men's archery team's limb Brady Ellison do caused storm's Twitter so to scent, when to surface soar he's picture, in who he says awesome from same than The Wolf of Wall Street's aster.
Also self in matter come aware social media from passion, archer grant, that he do from child from heard from snazzy Leo.
"Self do not see great resemblance, except maybe beard's relation", Brady tell to Huffington Post.
"He do good-looking type, ergo maybe this do compliment".
~A from popular comparisons from London from year 2012 soar certainly open also this year: startling resemblance Britain's pituushyppääjä Greg Rutherford also popular actor Neil Patrick Harris's lag.
Russian gymnast Alya Mustafinan alongside sura, alongside mobile eye do said being Cuban American's singer Gloria Obstacle fan image.
Also in basin eteläafrikkalainen bather Cameron van der Burghia do already years's time compared Glee-aster Matthew Morrisoniin.
Big switch to eye: This's user from mind Nathan do Inception-actor "sporty version"
Second long-term comparison do do tennis aster Rafael Nadalin also actor Josh Hartnettin in lag, in rivers in both do similar strong eyebrows also lips.
Russia's hopeamitalisti bather Yulia Efimovalla do other also same actor Annalynne MCCordin as well like tanned skin also light hair, when again United states team's Nathan Adrian reminds fans with "Joseph Gordon Levittin sporty version".
Hard women: Football aster Hope Solo, in vasen, and Dexter-actor Jennifer Carpenter, in right, they share similar face form also eyes
Non only: Some Twitter user did very mielinen that, that also other they saw similarities
Theory present: This's user along couple's similarity in lag feels do reason
Some Twitter's user newly express in site happiness that, that "other also in Internet they think, that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter do self in matter identical".
Also United states in football aster and Dexterin in actress do most also stunning like face form also eyes.
Other to popular comparisons do heard Kerri Walsh-Jennings and he's smile, each do nigh identical actress Laura Linneyn smile with, and gold medal superior gymnast Gabby Douglas, who own, beautiful broad smile add up Bring It Do -aster Gabrielle Union's smile.
CBC:'s olympia commentator presents apology said Chinese bather "asleep Kui pig"
Byron Mac's analysis 14 -year-old Ouch Yanhanin fourth instead women 4x200 -metri's freestyle from message infuriate Wednesday CBC:'s direct olympia sending's seers.
Canadian telecaster CBC:'s do shall to ask gift so to scent, when some so from sports commentator say game during 14 -year-old Chinese woman bather "lose Kui evil smell" and "asleep Kui pig".
Sports commentator Byron Mac reckon, that he's microphone did away from end, when he began to share something own opinions women 4x200 -metri's freestyle in message final.
Mac, each fire CBC:'s to sports commentator team to bring "colour", heard say: "you Bring petite 14 from -year-old China foul up, baby.
Too yeasty, lose like evil smell, die like pig.
Thanks to that".
Chinese bather Ouch Yan indeed, 14, you swim message second end while 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slow, than Canada's Taylor Ruck, which give to Canada possibility to take China drawn.
Seers around Canada they react swiftly in network stagger from used language also so from tone.
Emmett Macfarlane twiittasi: "Say CBC:'s sports commentator just, that China 14 -year-old bather 'die like pig'?
Idiot does not realise being yet in direct sending".
China Ouch Yanhania describe women's freestyle 4 x 200 -metri in message final as follows: "you Bring petite 14 from -year-old China foul up, baby".
Criticism Byron Mac I respond in Twitter did dense also rapid, many challenge they.
Twitter's users do not restrain self hear, how slaphappy Byron Mac did.
Second Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "Wau ByronMacDonald.
you Represent CBC:tä and Canada and you let us all to sound from racist crowd. loathsome".
Pia this's scent Scott Russell, each stem CBC:'s sending, ask in direct sending gift Mac's comment say: "we Apologise, that comment from swim performance must to sending.
in Question did complaining choice, do sorry, that I see work".
CBC end up to ask sorry over 90 times from humans, who did twiitanneet answer to comment.
Sports commentator colleague Scott Russelin must to ask gift Mac behalf.
Its's scent CBC copies and ascribe apology over 90 Twitter to user, who did complained Mac's comments.
Tv set company asked also swiftly gift and published opinion.
we Apologise deeply, that this opinions make, and that this send direct.
we Take yesterday illalla swiftly to measures and we ask in direct sending sorry from seers and from successors in social media.
Sobriety's flow do saying, that Byronin comments they join bather's performance, no to him person.
Mutta in question did though inept also complaining choice, and Byron do such from evil word.
On Thursday in afternoon Mac ask sorry in direct sending and try to define comment in toteama, that he does not mean that read personal attack.
"I Like to ask here in moment sorry comment, who I make eilisilta women I say to scent", he say CBC:'s in olympia sending.
"I Refer bather's performance, not to him person".
"Probably unnecessary to say, that do not mean such disrespectful, and that do most sorry".
Primarkin customer from aghast woman, each cheekily reconcile underwear midst trades
Customers do not know to what to look, when I marry undress midst Primarkin movement try drawers.
Matters does not improve the, that assessment germ, from what he say in trews, I marry peel this away from end and assign back to shelf.
He continue roving also from end reconcile four drawers couple in trade, each lie Bouverie Placen in centre Folkestonessa.
Primarkin movement Bouverie Placen in centre Folkestonessa, in what I marry reconcile drawers also so to scent put this back to shelf
to Same while in trade do together child's mother Jenny Davidson say, that test underwear mysterious woman "dress anew and walk away from movement buy nothing".
He say: "Humans do not believe eyes".
Woman stand midst trade's floor, take couple esillä do drawers, divest own hoses also underwear and put reconciling to foot.
"He non even try to find lonely place to try-on, he or stand on that shameless".
"All they gaze, when he again divest drawers nor palpably neither shall from this, since put this back to shelf".
He make so even three couples instead beforehands finally decide, that not must mistään from näkemä, dressed again and walked out.
"He does not say motor that, who watched - or thought human, each end up to buy drawers, who he reconcile".
33 -year-old Kent in city living Davidson say: "Do loathsome to think, that any takes to huts drawers, who any second do tried, but who do not exculpated".
Incident happen on Tuesday in afternoon.
Davidson increase: "I Involve, that staff apparently try to remove garments from sale woman depart , which do quite good".
"Is horrid to go kotiin new drawers with and to see, that second woman do suited this onto also divest this away, nor this are washed".
Primarkin representative say: "Primark do from aware incident, each happen Folk stop nen liikkeessä on Tuesday 9. Augusts.
All specific products do from removed sale".
I See can to defend from armed attacks Krav Magaa by using
World do dangerous, but this Dailymail.comin tape can to make thence slightly safe to you.
we Spoke in New York live Krav Maga Federationin grandmaster Rhon Mizrachin with nail, how to wield rod ply robbers in close-range.
Approach you now for or guarantees, this tape says, how can pays to aggressor in same measure.
Mizrachin with, mikäli you is approached behind, first must to turn, that to wit aggressors and "you clear firing line".
Its's scent you grab weapon's forearm also shoulder's lag, beforehands you strike aggressor to faces in free elbow.
you Continue in iskemä in knee to crotches, also when aggressor goes from pain kippura, you wring weapon he's hand, you strike tail weapon astern to faces and you back pitäen weapon oriented to him.
If armed person approaches for, technology do similar: you remove body from firing line, grabs weapon and turn the around with this, that criminal does not can to trigger.
Edge to same while weight to weapon and you hit aggressor to pap, ago wring weapon he's grip, you back and you show tail in weapon.
Sounds difficult?
you Look from tape, how Mizrachi exactly take makes this.
But you remember, that if do not Krav Magan grandmaster, safe kill away from robbery situation do to abandon from moneys.
Tourist Ian Wright suck up Europe dirty places itinerary for
Limey tourist do assigned to immune system also to barf reflex serious challenge by licking something Europe dirty also from sickening places.
from Suffolk cosy being presenter also way author Ian Wright, 51, lick euro note, balustrade Piccadilly Circuksessa, train's toilet douche button and Russian public telephone prove immune system strength.
Before everyone's target lick from <pl> he use photo -metri say to self and to us situation, to who he did must.
Experiment, from who make film named Internal force in scents, though produce surprising results.
Drift thousand humans use train's douche button lick from <sg> can to affect all odious, but self in matter kitchen's lavatory do more bad bacteria.
in Way Europe through Wright speak away to doctors also medicine's craftsmen suolistobakteeri's corroboration and him from own health.
Luck nothing him lick does not leave to him other evil taste to os.
Wrightista come well-known intestine tolerance's tester him travel around world and eat strange also wonderful matters.
This public railway stations from balustrade wc seat to douche button extending making in truth also test he's immune system.
Make in film he say: "from Child from do do jolly carefree health relation, and do put to os all kinds of matters mullas, from worms also from muddy water begin".
He in truth also strengthen reputation film during.
Only matter, from who he refuse, did filthy Russian public wc.
He's sample did photo in -metri over 4000 units read.
Comparison's flow only washed hands read comes do less 60.
But in some Russian in public toilet he does not agree to lick, when photometer's result say over 4000 units, also only washed hands result do less 60. 
Wright do produced tourist's film, Internal force in scents, together Finnish dairy, Valio, with. in Film is said bacteria number other in places, like in bathroom.
in Film carbon monoxide say: "This do nearly evil matter, who do smelt in wc".
do not nothing such dirty!
not aim to lick nothing, when here do sickening.
Internal force in scents produce together Finnish dairy, Valio, with.
Company offer to Wright Valio Gefilusta, each contains maitohappobakteeri and C also D vitamins, who they help to lifehack humans's suolistobakteeri also immune system.
Valio's snacks, juice also new categories leader Niko Vuorenmaa say: "we Like most to offer to consumers something new.
Something, who is piquant to look, and each in same explains probiotic's interests.
we Shower to air far crazy ideas, and we end up to drift "is called indeed to Ian'".
They they claim, that from interest intestine's health do in income worldwide phenomenon.
Instead, that or we speak productise, we like to assign this to great linguistic context: to tell everyday environment hero also from evil bacteria, intestine health from essence and so from link to immune system.
Growing interest intestine's health do worldwide phenomenon, and this's documentary film in aid can in interesting way to tell thence more to consumers.
According documentary also shows, that in us do shining sense of humour!
Documentary's director Tom Hakala increase: "is Said indeed the now without with this: if Ian is licked something from this from matters, who from him I ask, like in film say sickening Russian toilet, I do bereft respect tail to point".
Understandably part lick from matters did to easy Ian, when again part did jolly difficult.
Do glad, that we let part's soots from dirty lick tape ".
Valio year 2015 making in query 84 points from defendant link maitohappobakteeri expressly stomach also intestine's welfare, also 58 points say, that heh anyway in lag they use products, to who do increased maitohappobakteeri.
Öykkäriperhe destroy lodging house's Cornwall Saltashissa, before eviction
Öykkäriperhe cause to lodging house 50,000 pounds damages so to scent, when them evict neighbours's terror tone's flow.
Tanya Keldon and he's partner Shaun Trebilcock do shy out Cornwall Saltashissa from located property so to scent, when from them did complained lukuinen times.
When them did with forces from removed property, staggered flat company officers they posited property being in bad order.
to Seini did made yawning gaps, floor board did torn, junks did disseminated to floor also walls did smeared in graffitos.
Family do now resettled elsewhere, and them is believed live in yksityismajoitus.
Conna MCEvoy, Cornwall Housing -company's superintendent, say, that he fears, unless not property can to correct.
He say: "This do do actual nightmare to inhabitants, nor humans's mind must must to life in this in way.
in This do far points moot , since this property likely is known Cornwall less nice groups via.
This family do ill-famed, and they's name do ill-famed".
in Couple did three boys, who they lived between in property, also police along family's Reign of Terror must in katutappelu in pesäpallomaila, adjacent inhabitants deterrence, drug abuse, drugs's sale and undue shouting, squabble also swearing.
47 -year-old Skeldon, who's name did in lease, let in June decision from asocial behaviour.
from Many demolition threat alla oleva's house from rooms found old junk.
Property, from who käsin do earlier conveyed drugs, floor board did wrench up.
Naapuri they said, that family saw fighting in street, and that to poles called regularly instead.
Cornwall Housing evict with forces woman and this's partner from property in this in week given to them extended age, 11 weeks, time changes voluntarily.
Relieved neighbours they thank eviction say, that they's life did come as hell.
Some said: "They do not convey from who neither".
we Lived they's neighbour 20 years, also mode do always do evil.
Are seen police here stunning many time.
"This morning do not let dream.
we Soar, when here did so silent - do not accustomed that!
Do wonderful, now when heh do finally away".
Cornwall Housingin neighbourhood's execution leader Adam Fitzpatrick say, that family does not make cooperation local authorities with.
Family do lived in house 20 years, also to poles call to property often
Rubbish also old toys do shy downwards lodging house to untended seinusta.
He increase: "Do pity, that inhabitant does not take nothing responsibility own also family from behaviour, that eviction do always last Cornwall Housingin consider conduct.
This did very difficult case, that behaviour did extreme, and they's action certainly they terrify neighbours.
I Assess all teams, Devon and Cornwall's police and bold, to us information award community limbs make <sg> work.
I Hope, that this development brings something solace to neighbours and sends message that, that antisocial behaviour does not come to adopt.
Fitzpatrick say, that three boys all they live in property other times, but heh did all twenty.
Eviction after one bedroom to floor left dirty mattress
Flat company workers must now to neaten house surrounding junk piles
Year 2014 poles made raid's property and found over 70 g cannabis and balance, utensils and 1700 pounds käteinen.
Skeldon let lees ennoble guilts b category drug's hallussapito intention to distribute such on.
He claimed, that money did meant boy Lee Skeldonin gravestone for. This died in auto-onnettomuus year 2013.
Apparently Tanya and he's partner living homeless stay now in yksityismajoitus in Plymouth.
to Many house's rooms to walls did smatter graffitos.
to Polish says, that heh they aspire to evict inhabitants, who they shall mockery lease rules.
Angela Crow Devon and Cornwall's police say, that eviction did clear warning to other tenants, who they continue rules's mockery holding.
"This do message to this, who they think, that they's behaviour do free totalities, and to this, who they suffer from such behaviour", he say.
Devon and Cornwall's pole non never come to tolerate criminal also antisocial behaviour. to Polish continues work cooperation partners with protect communities.
Tourists in Portugal they boggle, when soldier jet plane fly shore border on low
Sun worshiper tourists Portugal's Aveiro they experience life shock's
Portugal airforce P-3C Orion -aircraft swab by most matalalta
Airforce say, that in question did practice flight and claimed, that security does not vaarantua
Stub in this in moment terrified you turistaa began to hätääntyä, when low flew jet plane swab loaded being shore over.
in Dramatic video shows, how sotilaslentokone come nigh to contact distance Pohjois- Portugal's Aveiro located sand in strip do from sun worshiper.
Trippers they soar to stand, when heh began understandably to trouble from jet plane from audible noise, without heh not to start saw neither, which clouds's behind did in income them to.
Incident happened Aveiro around located Costa in Nova yesterday in afternoon.
Some from lukuinen trippers, who they published tapes from dramatic flypast in social media, did Daniel Fernandes, each said: "The went by twice most low, also together point said that, that the is crashing to country".
Nuno Arra increase: "Did surfing also quite really seemed that, like machine is do falling onto".
you Turistaa in shore in Aveiro did kauhuissaan, when machine appeared from darkness and flew stunning low
Portugal's airforce they said today, that P-3C Orion -machine's pilot did in exercise flight, who's purpose did to identify coast around being fishing boat, also machine must to land so matalalle that, that the did only step to check boats.
He said, that jet plane did flown considerably ordinary low adjacent wildfires smoke cause bad visibility flow, but airforce they assure, that no one's security did not in risk.
Wildfires do this summer destroyed parts from Continent Portuguese, what besides Madeira's island to this do deceased four humans.
Portugal's airforce say today, that pilot must to fly low visibility impede circumstances, wildfires cause smoke and thick fog, flow
Aircraft did in exercise flight, also part exercise pilot asked to identify fishing boat
Eksoten first vuosipuolisko result awaited better
Southern Karelian social also PCP (Eksote) made oak - in June 3.4 million euros planned better result.
Eksoten result did 4.3 million euros ylijäämäinen in first vuosipuolisko.
Result did special good family also in social service, where preemptive services by developing do can to dismantle laitoshoito.
Treatment guarantee happen in all in activities.
Eksote aspire this year to shorten measure queues.
Eksote covers in surplus earlier born deficit.
Thence over staying end is used maybe queues's abbreviation also measures's shopping to patients.
Totally year's result is anticipated being 4.6 million euros planned better.
Eksoten government wield puolivuotiskatsaus in meeting next Wednesday.
70 erikois rajajääkäri swear sotilasvala's Immola
Border also merivartio school 70 varusmies they swear sotilasvala's Friday.
Border also merivartio school varusmies's sotilasvala opportunity organise in Immola Friday.
Kymmenes erikois rajajääkäri course egad opportunity organise garrison's athletic field.
Sotilasvala swear 70 varusmies.
Erikois rajajääkäri is nurture exigent border security, intelligence also to combat mission.
They they serve 347 days.
This year erikois rajajääkäri apply 310 nascent.
to Entrance exam from them call 250. 
Erikois rajajääkäri do in educated Immola from year 2007 begin.
Egad opportunity in link arranged veteran in meeting did aboard not a bit war I lead rajajoukot's veteran.
Along with do middle age do now 90 years.
to Old opportunity participated veterans do born year 1918. 
Piiru match prey precede - crime intelligence to help crimes's resolution and reveals serious criminalism - ESS.fi
in Everyone Finland 11 police department do year 2014 mat initially moved RTA- therefore crime intelligence also analysis unit.
Unit's activity do outwards invisible.
Hämet's police department to unit belonging all told four policemen in Lahti and in Hämeenlinna.
That carries to Lahti invested sergeant.
Brass superior moves inspector in Lahti.
Besides unit's strength belonging to IP vihkiytyä siviilihenkilö in Hämeenlinna.
All they work in civilian garb.
Unit do shown practicability also necessity, looks apulais police chief Tero Seppänen.
RTA-unit produces to other police different reports.
in Hämet the do inter alia obtained informations from turvapaikanhakija.
Crisp työtapa reform
Analysis units startup do crisp police työskentelytapa's reform.
Objective do do crimes's averting therefore the, that to poles leaves yet harvemmin whistles ring instead only, when you let alarm.
Unit collect and analyse information's aid daily police action is kohdentaa there, where such most need.
Poliisihallinto's reform aboard to country establish one crime intelligence centre, so less three national unit and to each to police department own crime intelligence units.
in Share centre police connected moving PTR-centre leads activity nationwide.
PTR-in units works names according crowd from Police, from Tulla also from Rajavartiolaitos.
RTA-units for one working police department along in shared regions, also this making do to offer information and to local police force that to national units.
Intelligence extends own region ulkopuolelle
On that where to individual poles do in truths that, what him 12 -tuntinen shift during do happened, RTA-unit making do to know, what totally police department's region happens.
Intelligence extends also own installation borders ulkopuolelle, since with this makes criminalism also.
RTA-in unit working do fundament police better atk skills.
Unit aspire registers, alarm task database also findings's aid to tack police's attention to new phenomenons, to productive offenders or second remind to crimes.
This is called sarjoittaa <sg>, and the do ~a important crime intelligence's tools.
in All in humans do own way to move.
Hand's scent seemingly also in work, did the now honest or criminal.
Tekotapa according to from factor forms certain picture.
Sarjoittaa from <pl> can to make either tekotapa or person according to depend that, in queer police do more information.
Criminal they learn from mistakes
RTA-unit's workers do not walk in city collars erect, but they's work do not all public neither.
with This own like criminal application from methods does not tell, since the butter leads that, that ammattirikollinen they develop to activity and they aspire with this to prevent police's crime repulse companies.
from Methods to poles tells publicly, if the anticipates heddle inductive threatens.
Such case did for example from alkukesä reported, in asuntomurto used tyhjillään being flats marking way.
On that factors they put flat's outside door stick, straight pin or tape's piece, in who heh they tried, do inhabitants most in ways.
Esitutkinta material do public at least to asianosainen.
Analysis unit do seen, that professional offenders they take op act from mistakes.
Clever they commission court's minute, of which butter example to work known, that away do found fingerprints.
Next at once to thieves is left gloves in hand.
Juttua for do interviewed apulais police chief Tero Seppänen Hämet's police, inspector Tuomo Lepola Eastern Finland's police, rikoskomisario Sami Joutjärvi Joensuu's gendarmerie also crime inspector Arto Tuomela from centre police.
to Polish coil and you analyse information, who's aid is planned practice's activity.
in Background workforce also funding's numbers ebbing.
First askele toward new attack take already 30 years ago.
Last change did kolmivaiheinen Drill reform, each closed 2013 years to end.
in National cooperation is collected information own installation and Finland's borders ulkopuolelta.
Isisiin aligned schoolgirl from London killed in Syyria
Kadiza Sultana, ~a three limey from schoolgirl, who they leave past year from London join Isisiin, do rumours along deceased in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee say, that girl's family hear this asleep Syyria Raqqassa few week ago.
ITV New<sg> reports Thursday, that girl believe asleep in Russian airstrike Raqqaan, each do organisation's base in country.
Sultana did 17 -year-old and, family with, he died just do planning flight war tear from country also return to Britain.
"Butter or to hope, that case only benefit do, that the feels to move gravestone also testament to other, that to war region to leaving joins real risks - that the butter to let humans to abandon such decision from act", Akunjee say.
in February 2015 Sultana also two other east Londoner schoolgirl they fly to Turkka, from who heh they go in bus Syria's border.
Sultanan to family tell, that girl did gone in Syria married Isis-taistelijan with, and that from him came widow or few's month to scent.
Reid says Clinton tenable Garland high right candidate, mikäli they is elected
Senate's democrat leader Harry Reid says, that he do sure that, that democrats's presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appoints judge Merrick Garland to high right, mikäli they is elected president.
Senate's republicans do prevented Garland's confirmation that from, when president Barack Obama appoint they in March.
Senate's majority leader Mitch MCConnell says, that following president elects person late high right limb Antoni Scalian instead.
Reid say on Thursday in conference call, that he predicts "in jonkinasteinen certainty" Clinton elect Garland.
Reid's representative say late, that he did not spoken to Clinton directly that, appoints he Garland, and that in question did speculation.
He praised Garland and said, that Clinton's team does not like "to rock boat" in new choice.
Garland do United states appellate court's päätuomari District of Columbia's circuit.
Reid say, that Garland's appointment impeding republicans do republicans's presidential candidate Donald Trump "henchman" and "mahdollistaja".
He say, that Trump does not suit to post.
Treats says, that alastonkalenteri do "to women so like to men"
Treats-magazine makes cooperation photographer David Bellemeren with publish 1970 figures Pirelli inspire calendar's year 2017.
But naked celebrities I make heh aim to find next supermodel generation 2017 NU Muses -to calendar.
Treatsin president Steve Shaw tell to us prior this year, that him plenty nude containing leaf differs old school from Playboy, since "Playboy do to men".
I Make this to women.
Apparently he thinks, that calendar also do to them.
"Us must begin again to present timeless also classic nudity in who women, so like men, they know condition nice and inspiroitua this naked woman body air pictures along", Shaw say in press release, in who calendar free.
Women they like do part this project, since the do beautiful art.
Models they feel to leave pictures network via or personally open cast in events in Los Angeles and in New York.
Vinyl's destination: who from right buys discs?
Lonely, middle-aged men they love vinyls.
Beforehands you dart to meet comment section in cross insults, who's author do pen name EIKaikkiYksinäisetKeski-ikäisetMiehet, tells, that this argument bases to real informations.
Yougov along far spoken discs new coming does not stem that, that yet multiple in this in millenary born they dynamize physical objects from novelty, instead keski age kaiho.
Apparently this, who do lähiaika bought vinyylilevy, do likely 45-54 -year-old.
Self in matter kaikista unlikely discs they buy 18-24 to -year-old age group hearing.
Question do not neither only enthusiasts's collecting, instead that includes feeling marked: old vinyls buyers slightly todennäköisemmin they shall feeling in (56%<sent><sg><nom> vs 53%<sent><sg><nom>) also enjoying from agromania (69%<sent><sg><nom> vs 66%<sent><sg><nom>).
But must Yougov's results places?
If this blog is television's news report, camera follows me, when I walk midst windy street in Soho, supra austere gray suit. I Sign vivace beforehands I stop, I formulate cup's hand and I say something authoritative, like: "is Examined indeed matter precise".
is Examined indeed matter precise.
to Same time, when Soho's charm also filth slowly is removed - hotels, chain restaurants and -trades and office utensil movements they meet now buildings, in who prior did independent movements - handful posh specialise levykauppa do yet in scent.
Next section for apparently I ask camera to stop filming's moment, when I stand very around different men in something from this from trades try to assess by observing they's age also feeling temperament.
Glasgowlainen Stuart, 55, jota to bee Sister from Ray (scaler: two nascent woman, three middle-aged man) Reckless Recordsiin (scaler: eight middle-aged man, one I marry, likely twenty), celebrates to afternoon in London meeting's flow, and travels trades consume few's hour.
I Ask, do he collector.
"Kai what do", he says.
in Me do some 3000 or 4000 discs.
This discs, who they show in picture reach (he send sample's e-mail, do not follow tail to huts), they conceal he's bedsitter walls.
Reason so huge disc also loner number to procurance do partly consequence him wearable from being incomes: now he feels to buy discs, to who in him non did reserves with silla, when this originally publish, and he feels to buy new this, who he sell do nascent also penniless.
"Great part buy from <sg> materiaalistaa do late 60 figures also early 70 figures, discs, who publish, when did 11 or 12, discs, who's procurance did sure enough slightly too nascent", he says.
He do same mind that, that discs's buyers do todennäköisemmin introverted, who they enjoy from own bee, and increases: "do not burn not you drink much.
This do I's vice".
25 -year-old Wez, each works Sister in Ray, also believes, that many him face customers they agree Yougov's profile.
He do though told new wave humans, to who media's enthusiasm do affected. Humans, who do heard, that discs do come again to fashion also to who do come need to buy old discs old.
Käymä talks according to humans do shake off eroon from collection usually year 1998 or 1999. 
Customers, who they sell vinyl buy cd-levy, they sell now cd buy disc old", he says.
This can to explain certain aged vinyl awakened number reproduction.
But entäpä discs alleged feeling essence?
Phonican in like trade takes few's second to realise, that levykauppa they offer comforting community to like-minded types.
Wezin with any old customers do hurt particularly near from payment system.
Any vinyl fans they feel to häkeltyä from digital world and to elect swear familiar disc decks's fixity; to objects, who they raise teen age onnenpäivä's memories.
"I Reckon, that sometimes that you can do question gap's inflation or from somesuch solace, what's objects ownership creates", Wez says.
Self also collector I grant, that this do truth, and I believe so being truth to many to humans.
The do easy step to meet drift.
"Are than they's social worker!" second worker say transiently disc pile luota.
Huhtikuullinen ICM:'s actualise opinion poll reveal, that nigh 50%<sent><sg><nom> from humans, who did bought vinyylilevy in previous moon, did not even listened that.
in Query also saw, that 41%<sent><sg> do phonograph, who heh not ages use, when again 7%<sent><sg> vinyls buy do not phonograph.
in This faces news report likely I say serious worried browse bossa nova -collections's pile.
This wake-up "prize"-view do something, who also Sounds of the Universessa (scaler: three middle-aged man) working Jonny, 42, do told.
"Any fire a bit time ago inside and say: 'Me have not phonograph, but I like to buy Radioheadin disc, that butter puts so to shelf'", he says.
in Question do not great end, but so absolutely happens.
More product, less music.
in Mei you work humans, who they say: "Me have not phonograph".
Non so old, instead nascent humans, late teenagers, who do just dynamize from matter.
Foppissa, in who now do nigh entire floor to reserved vinyls, do arrive far all-around public.
70-year-old couples, tourists taking photographs, hobbledehoy also middle-aged women.
Albeit climate do less relaxed like earlier in said movements - from loudspeakers to raikaa Wild Beastin crisp syntikan- also sex ladened popular music, nor improvisation jazz - do fine to see different customers.
No one from them does not show special lonely, but nag psychological trauma do difficult to show truth by standing any alongside 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, do walked around Foppia few's minute time watch in sale being different discs.
He do making ikkunaostos, no consuming much money.
He tells, unless not you take in much, ergo disc collecting non from right do option.
"The do luxury.
Do easy to listen music either in computer or something other via, but vinyl's beauty do"... he sighs amorous sti.
"do not know, how I explain - the do most unique".
Viimeinen's stop is said awaken new vinyl lovers's generation: Urban Outfitters.
to Same time when I try to say that, that I examine station wagon shorts, I observe teenage girls group, who they crowd moment Polaroid-around cameras, beforehands father also daughter they moot Crosleyn phonograph's purchase.
in Vasen do stairway, who's wall do Adele, Jeff Buckleyn, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Macin discs's cover: mixture nykymusiikki also classics, what whatever average collection essential discs.
No one does not look this - ehkäpä that, that this do only decorations, and any do so high, that this concern do impossible.
in Question do purely "art vinyls".
But when is taken to attention, that this's objects let small also attention feels to mean addition money to industry and to send few customers Soho's whirlpool to apply increases, in this do not much neither complaint.
does not come surprise, that the väestönosa, in who do other todennäköisemmin more while also money, do also the, each uses most to luxury objects, like to vinyls.
But albeit findings they refer that, that Yougov's results do accurate anyway Soho's levykauppa, this do not close away such female collectors also vinyls's lovers great imposes, each do existing in truth world, in levykauppa also in network forums.
This humans likely working assiduously in school or in office.
They not todella neither celebrate Thursday mornings by dawdling around Berwick Streetin levykauppa leaf discs and avoid creepy, 30 -year-old action television presenter gaze this peep unsuspecting middle-aged men shoulders over.
Holkeri do longest live vertebrate animal - tape report
Researchers saying, that in holkeri do long life like in nothing other planet in vertebrate.
Shark examined Julius Nielsen says, that record do in female, who's age is believed being 272 also 512 years in lag and each do not a bit -metri long.
French court abandons application to dismantle trades Junglen from refugee camp
French court do rejected Calais"s authorities's application to dismantle kymmenittäin temporary trades also restaurants Junglen from camp, in who lives thousand refugees.
in Court treatment in this in week Calais"s authorities they reason, that state shall to can to dismantle kaiken kaikkiaan 72 temporary trade, in who humans camp inside they sell goods from cigarettes to energy float, they offer hairdressing or selling job 50 cents (40 pence), or they sell simple food in few in euro temporary in restaurants.
Calais"s prefect's agency reason, that places comes to dismantle, since this they represent taxes non-paying parallel economy and since this do fire also sanitisation risky.
Humanitarian groups do told to court, that trades also restaurants do vital say, that state support organisation also other groups afford <pl> free meals do not offer tarpeeksi food camp increase soul to number.
They they reason, that temporary trades and -restaurants often offering protects also free meals to this, who this need.
Court in Lille impose, that 72 temporary trade curl humans shoo to <sg> do not legal bases, but say, that Calais"s prefect worry "did all understandable".
Judge Jean François Molla said, that in food shop, in teashop also in restaurants did far great role like or "äärimmäisen in uncertain conditions live" humans feed.
He say, that modes they offer peaceful meeting place to refugees also to vapaaehtoinen.
One demolitions threat upon do from places did camp Jungle Book Kids' Cafe, who's activity do award aspire and each offers 200 meals daily, English also French's hours and asylum monitor camp's harvests vulnerable, to lonely alaikäinen.
Over 170,000 humans do allekirjoittanut petition, in who is liked to protect children's teashop.
to Guardian in sent letter say, that teashop's shutting "is disaster to this to children, from who part do just kahdeksanvuotias".
Two charities, Help Refugees also L'Auberge des Migrants, they assess Friday, that humans's number Junglen in camp do risen 9000 humans - to huippulukema - so to scent, when inbound number soar summer during starkly.
Food's price dip in Finland palpably with rapid moons in EU on average
Food halveta in Finland starkly consumers's pleasure also producers's shame.
Food's price do in set Finland nigh not a bit point three years, when on average in EU member-state so price dip 0.9 points.
to Same time Saksanen also in Swedish food do come one point expensive.
Last three years during food's price do in set Finland second most in this from EU member-state, in who do similar rate like in Finland.
from Comparison countries or's Britain food's price do set with rapid moons in Finland.
Informations they arise Tilastokeskus development head Ilkka Lehtinen's article, each publish Information & Trends -in blog.
Leaflet compare reaali prices, live prices, who do proportion kuluttajahinta to general development.
New informations do this's year from June.
2010 figures early food's price soar strongly.
Year 2013 prices they scale near year 1994 price level.
Mode did hälytä.
"Did near to lose so price interest, which EU membership along came", Leaflet says.
Ago follow turn, who after food do come cheap leak from year.
Now price they sag Russia assign <pl> food's tuontikielto, who do stemmed foodstuff export from Finland to Russia.
Therefore milk also lihatuote's presentation Finland's markets do augmented also agriculture's tuottajahinta do set.
"Putin's policy do helped Finnish consumer in short aim", Leaflet tells.
Also industry also trade tauten price competition do affected price's bill.
Great chains S-ryhmä and Kesko do both set prices.
to Consumer price competition do shown snazzy ad blitz.
Finland non nevertheless do on neither cheap food bastion, albeit food's price do set plenty.
Year 2015 foods did in Finland neljäs from expensive EU member-state, in who did like rate like in Finland.
Leaflet along in Finland alien food to price affects significantly value-added tax.
He see, that if reference countries have same value-added tax point, sell in Finnish from rate from similar countries third cheap food.
I Leaf blood Finnish to Denmark, to Sweden, to Austria, to French, to Italy, to Britain, I Scissor and to Alankomaat.
Mikäli value-added tax point is in reference countries seven, only German also alankomaalainen they sell cheap food like Finnish.
"If desire finally old EU member-state to level food's price, must value-added tax to halve EU member-state's average and continues price competition", Leaflet writes.
Leaflet point out, that him make calculations in value-added tax point do directs antava.
Koulu do not anymore quite entisensä
to Koulunpenkki resuming might to tell, that in school do summer during happened change.
to Koulu do drawn new curriculum, each is taken semester early to use in all in grade school.
The do guideline, who with in all Finnish's schools is moved.
Koulu they decide self from details, but plan tells official objectives.
New guidelines do prepared multiple year I lead, and this they differ from old guidelines in many meets.
Inter alia chirography's opettelu is abandoned, also instead in schools is go down to train coding.
Swedish education begin viimeistään already in kuudes category, also civics is go down to read already in four.
Great change concerns though pupils's role.
Before think, that teacher teaches pupils, but now all comes do active and to learn second from another.
in This in way from koulunkäynti is tried to make interesting.
World long-lived vertebrate find - jäähai oh to live even 400 years
Jäähai also well-known grönlanti shark (Somniosus microcephalus) achieves sukukypsyys just 150 -year-old.
The can to live so after even 250 years, reported new research.
Figures they make -lajinen modern world long-lived vertebrate.
in Animalia its passes or's Icelandic shellfish, who old well-known individual do timed 507 -year-old.
Greenland sharks swims along Pohjois- Atlantic.
This on do also second record: this do arctic region great fish/fishes.
you Naarata dragging males long, this they feel to grow even over viisimetrisiksi.
When growth pace do slow, monitorings along only some centimetre's year, adult individuals do crowd zinc lived already long.
But how long?
Julius Nielsen Copenhagen's university alongside colleague take clear.
He define adult jäähai ages 28 females, who did stayed fishermen's snares.
Fish/Fishes's age revealed eye lentils from carbon dating.
Test sharks average age proved at least 272 years.
Sample two great fish, 493 also 502 -senttinen amatsonieväkkäät, they revealed some 335 also 392 years aged.
When in prior researches do stated, that jäähai females they achieve sukukypsyys just over four metric, researchers they dip, that this do on that in stage some 150 -year-old.
Research publish Science.
from Stockmann shots nigh 300 - sellers does not reduce
Nigh 300 workers is lay off emporium company from Stockmann.
Coaction companies to difficulties in drifted company they close August's start.
"Negotiations's result is reduced some 300 jobs, from who nub is actualise dismissals", Stockmann tells in handout.
So along emporia's sellers number does not reduce, that asiakaspalvelu does not suffer.
Besides some 80 supports activities's worker is offered new work seller.
Stockmann's redundancy negotiations they concern some 3,000:a worker.
This begin reduction need assess being some 380 workers.
Crowd's reduction is aspire some 20 million euros annual cost savings, who do number to happen next year during.
Stockmann do already earlier started efficiency programme, in who do purpose to achieve 50 million euros savings this year.
in Background do Stockmann's difficulties to let from emporium trade paying.
Albeit concern amended liiketulos improve in second trimester 11.1 million euros, emporium trade makes yet loss.
Stockmann vt. president's Lauri Veijalainen along sale in emporia do not reached company assign to <pl> to objectives.
"Staff reductions do alas necessary, that we ensure Stockmann Retailin positive liiketulos year 2018", Veijalainen posits in handout.
Second trimester result improvement in background did notably apparel chain Lindex good success.
Chain achieved all's times best second trimester turnover also result.
Lindex's net profit grew 9.5 million euros 28.1 million euros.
Past year to similar time totally Stockmann concern's liiketulos did 4.1 million tappiollinen.
Stockmann assesses, that concern this's year turnover astringe past from year.
Amended liiketulos is expected being slightly positive this year.
Friday do in rainy northern - temperature less 20 degrees totally in country
Finnish's northern part atop being depression's centre must luck rainy Friday, tells HS's meteorology Pleasure Láng.
Also country's middles comes sprinkle, but etelämpi do poutainen.
Temperature do not anymore such aestival, that totally in country mercury ice less 20 degrees.
Pohjoinen in rainy regions is stayed 10-15 degrees.
Kenya's athletics team rattle doping scandal - coach's drive eldritch explanation
Kenialainen athletics coach John Anzrah send Rio's Olympian to huts so to scent when work known, that Anzrah appear national team's athlete in dopingtesti.
Press agency AP tell, that athlete, who Anzrah try to appear, do 800 -metri aster Ferguson Rotich.
Kenya's national team to leadership hearing Stephen Arap Soi tell, that Anzrahin identity reveal so to scent, when he did given in surprise test sample Rotichina.
Doping officials they worked denouncing Anzrahin to authorities.
with Soi with Anzrah sent to huts, that he "made crime Kenya's national team to point".
He appeared athlete, gave virtsanäyte also even signed documentaries.
can not adopt from eels from use", Kenya's olympiakomitea president Kip Step for one trundle press agency to Reuters.
Olympian's athletics begin Friday, and Rotichin do number to run right then.
Even do not in information, do to runner in information consequences case's leadership.
Rotich locate past year in M.M. games in way neljäs and do to advance Rio's favourite.
Reuters with Kenya's athletics team in do source for one claim, that Anzrah walk athlete's accreditation in card or let free meals in kisakylä.
When offering doping officials they face they, heh they assume him being athlete and they take to test.
Coach does not explain situation to officials, since fear reveal ", source tell.
in What all do?
Rio's athletics stadium toll emptiness
in What all with rights do?
not at any rate Rio's olympiastadion athletics following.
in Rio start on Friday struggle athletics's medals, but world's first-rater they let to present taita confusing to empty stand.
Rio organising they tell Friday, that only 58 points first day morning games from flags also 65 points evening games from flags do sold.
Other did four years ago in London, in who stadium puff up hoorah only from crowd.
Finals's flags do in Rio also already loppuunmyyty.
Rio's Olympian seer crop failure do raised attention already before athletics.
For example rugger, melonta also riding's stands do shown thousand empty settle.
When Brasilia's medal hopes Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca they play rantalentopallo in legendary Copacabana, did from stand only 70 points loaded.
Brasilialainen twosome after Holland played Russia to only, also 12,000 spirits from stand did loaded anymore some 30 points.
Bad market they explain anyway the, that in economy difficulties wrestle Brasilia do far European also Asian game to tourists, and many from olympialaji do to strange football to accustomed Brazilians.
All right even Brasilia's football team first match does not let carry football stadium all over.
Game systemizer publicist Mario Andrada tell weekend, that from flags did sold then 82 points, each do palpably small figure like four years ago.
"in Scent do on 1.1 million ends alien ", Andrada say Reuters with.
London's Olympian 8.5 million flags sell 8.2 million, albeit flags they patronise nigh puolet more like in Rio.
in Rio flags's prices do varied some nine euros avajainen over thousand euros.
Over puolet from flags they pay less 16 euros.
London's Olympian volunteers also army's staff they let to sit in empty places, but in Rio this do not even permissible, when systemizer need money and they try to let flags sold past to moment until.
in Rio systemizer do all right given 240,000 flags to pupils in country less to well-known ilk, like to golf game also to rugger.
Rio's stadium do in forenoon empty places.
Even rantalentopallo Copacaban in sand do not interested public.
Yucca Keskisalo compete in London 2012. 
Crowds in galleries do.
you Renew way to protect nature - you obtain right to signory
Helsinki Foundation participates to conservation with new steps.
Past year established foundation obtains to ownership ecologically important nature regions.
So after private, companies also communities they feel to cash in money holder rights to signory.
Foundation do obtained first signory from Sami.
Signory do shared virtuaalinen sti to blocks, who happy they feel to obtain holder right payment to only.
Holder lets 187 squares to sized block veto, which means in practice that, unless not from everyone from holder need approval, if signory's use aim to change.
Holder rights can to obtain also to multiple block.
Tenure's procurance do something concrete, who can to leave heritage or gives gift.
not need to leave to range banners or to shackle self jonnekin drawn protect nature", tenure's company obtain Juha Leviäkangas reasons.
Tenure obtained lets from block precise location informations, which enables for example visit's block.
Foundation's web pages they sport holder rights source name informations in same map, from who signory's block informations they find.
Leviäkangas sees conservation procurement risky or its, that foundation's activity changes so from original drift.
Helsinki Foundation do established useful foundation, who's purpose do to promote environment also nature's protection.
Risk do the, that foundation moves somehow epäeettisesti or commercially, but its not must do possible.
Helsinki Foundationin Holder project perusajatus do nature regions protection with this, that this they let do trackless also gland.
Foundation obtains signory either by buying or donation.
The finances activity largely holder rights in sale, but foundation do let seed money from foundress.
Foundation's purpose do to obtain more protection countries.
The aims also Finland's borders ulkopuolelle and plans country procurement from Australia.
Helsinki Foundation presents to activity popular music up -in forest Helsing's food market 13.-19. Augusts.
Wheel thieves they rack from great cities pahiten Turku - you look hometown commission
Bicycle thieves rack Finland from great cities pahiten Turku.
There do this year to hot asukasmäärä proportion more to spin like nine other in great city.
Helsingin Sanomat nail to police advertised pyörävarkaus according to, what amount ten in great city do this's year in oak August hot bicycles also this's parts thousand inhabitants toward lowered.
Turku besides to tip they soar Helsinki, Oulu also Lahti.
in This happen police's informations along four five pyörävarkaus thousand inhabitants to.
Instead in Espoo and in Kouvola to police announce only some two pyörävarkaus thousand inhabitants to.
Do indeed the big difference.
"in Second cities happens to asukasmäärä proportion double number thefts against to another", defines Police government poliisitarkastaja Tommi Sleigh.
Turku's police occupies, why city do comparison's kärkipaikka.
Do äärimmäisen difficult to say, why in Turku do hot more to spin like elsewhere.
Me have not answer that.
"Thefts's prevalence feels to affect the, how far in city is moved in wheels also far to spin ylipäätään do", moot sergeant Teemu Äikäs.
Police government Tommi Sleigh must rather awaited, that Turku, Helsinki and Oulu they soar in comparison to tip.
Pyörävarkaus's numbers they go chiefly its with, what do study also cycling cities.
in Turku do close centre, short distances also far to spin available to thieves.
"Example Espoo do for one quite erityyppinen city, in who urban center do far second nor bicycle do necessarily primary ambulation instrument", Sleigh says.
Totally in Finnish police's information do in oak August come slightly less pyörävarkaus like past year similar time.
to Great pleasure do not nevertheless subject.
Past years's downturn regardless to polish to information comes a bit over 20,000 pyörävarkaus annually.
The means 50-60 fillari each day and only in Helsing some 4,000 wheels in year.
"This do big numbers", Sleigh says.
in Reality thieves they take more also to spin, that only part from victims announces theft's police.
Sleigh urges humans to make rikosilmoitus's pyörävarkaus, albeit few than each to kymmenes police advertised case manages.
Typical disentangled pyörävarkaus do such, in who to poles lets information's theft right also thief ice drawn fresh.
"Cases manages also other investigation in link, when for example in drug stuff from flat feels to find hot wheels", Sleigh tells.
in Helsing wheel thieves ice drawn every week self from action or police work's link, tells old constable Timo Leppämäki.
Him with to spin is stolen for example shopping centres's pyöräteline, from courtyards, from stocks also from wheel cellars live virtually all over, in what you scythe usually is maintained.
Individual wheel from models most is stolen prior years to way Jopoja.
U lock gives pyörälle better protection Kui many else lock.
Any from thieves they take wheel for example short-term own use for, but great part from hot wheels end up to sale for example Internet's relay.
This they stay home's markets.
"At any rate police's information do not come, that hot wheels go just neither to foreign countries", Sleigh says.
Hot wheels buyers do police along ordinary Finnish.
Part buys varmaan hot wheel know.
in Part feels do thence doubts.
Used wheel buyer must do precise, that he can to perpetrate concealment rockfoil or -to violation.
"Tocsin shall to ring, if sound wheel is sold to clear alihinta", Sleigh says.
Erikois kirjastovirkailija Severi Hirvi totes colourful Nopsa always workday ajaksi Rock's library to protections in Helsing.
Pyöriä in him do do not a bit paragraph, but an neither do not hot, Hirvi tells. "do not never taken, do sikäli worked good monk".
"Ehkäpä this not with this neither attract thieves, in this not disregarding are hipster value neither", helsinkiläinen Elk moot.
Helsing's Rock in located kiosk speedily shopped Siiri Valve lock bicycle small u in lock.
Now wheel nököttää kiosk's wall against, but usually Valve locks wheel johonkin fixed, like to pyöräteline.
"Comes thoughtful matter quite far, that this bicycle do kalle own matter", helsinkiläinen student says from white wheel, who's hull with one pay some viisisataa euros.
"Totally time hears from lads, that to spin do taken".
"Mainly bad wheels, such rämä-Jopoja".
from Awake from self steal wheel apartment company's courtyard leak ago.
Wheel with truths did stayed lock, ergo Valve can to expect also so appropriation.
Less 15 to -year-old responsibility from crimes?
Helsinki tries from United states familiar peer juries
in Helsing is tried niin sanottu peer jury to prevent nascent joutuminen to crime spiral.
Initially experiment is applied less 15 -year-old, who now they stay free rikosoikeudellinen responsibility.
Peer jury lacks first nascent to make to crime.
Idea do, that peer jury discusses pass crime factor with and imposes sanction.
Week afterward crime's factor can self to join peer to jury compensate action.
Other consequences feels do for example to family written letter, in who is explained, what do come make and what that do opittu.
Youth action leader Tommi Laitio tells, that model do not strict.
in Mei do other also conciliation models, who is used abreast.
"in All is guided nascent activity to responsible direction with this, that all does not go pilalle from first mistake", Laitio tells.
Peer to jury do moved model from U.S., in who the do in use widely.
Drift do, that nascent non first crime to scent must adult panel ahead instead you reflektoida pass approximately samanikäinen with.
Model do tried time.
Experiment followed service shaping office Palmu's service modeler Iikka Lovio tells, that in question did battering, each nailed successfully.
Notably less 15 -year-old first crimes no disregarding are before treated at all.
"The do do message, that you continue elect in <sg> in road", Lovio says.
Peer jury do part Expat nascent Helsinki -project, who's background do Helsing's city and We-foundation.
Lovio emphasise, that new attacks is offered to all need , non strictly to expat lines.
Over 70 republicans influence likes, that party stops Trump's campaign financing
Over 70 powerful republican is said allekirjoittanut letter, in who is asked party to stop Donald Trump's president campaigning finance.
from Letter reports American leaf Politico, each did let thence nähdäkseen draft.
Lehti along open letter do oriented republicans national quango to president Reince Priebusille.
Signers they like, that party's moneys is guided Trump's campaign instead congress light.
"we Believe, that Donald Trump lead up <pl> dissensions and he's indifference, incompetence also record-breaking unpopularity they threaten to bring in this to light democrats äänivyöry", in letter is said Politicon with.
Or all possible resources direct immediately congress light can to prevent republicans drown Trump -koristeinen anchor in neck.
Letter along decision does not come do difficult, that Trump's possibilities overcomes presidential election they lessen day from day.
Politico writes, that letter do purpose to send next week during.
Allekirjoittanut's number do inter alia politicians Gordon Humphrey, Chris Shays, Tom Coleman and Vin Weber.
One letters organise from persons do visibly Trump opposing republican Andrew Weinstein.
Politicon with Weinstein do said, that letter comes "from humans, who they like party protective majorities in congress" and unless not in question are no one support.
in Letter is listed multiple Donald Trump's actions, who is believed abuse million electorate.
Addition him is said orient dangerous authoritarian tendencies.
Prior in this in week 50 national security parissa labor official announce in open letter, unless not heh you support Donald Trump president.
Clinton authorisation relief USA's lapsiperhe
in United states democrats's presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tell economic policy from details torstai-ilta.
What I aspire president, that United states in economy goes all according good.
"Donald Trump aspire president, that in economy goes him and he's lad according good", Clinton say in speech.
Clinton's plan in centre do massive, 275 milliard dollars viisivuotisohjelma United states infrastructure - roads, bridges also airports - elaboration.
This finance partially in rich tax boost, partially private money in aid.
Building programme do kädenojennus to American working classes, who they suffer factories resort halpatyö to countries.
Clinton call programme great investment to hyväpalkkainen jobs second world war to scent.
We do millwright Kansa, us must to resume to build!
Clinton say.
Thursday Clinton promise also to facilitate work able lapsiperhe depot.
Thursday he sound apropos also Sandersilta emphasise, that rich shall to pay fair end from cloths.
And if company leaves from United states veropakolainen, its must to pay departure tax, Clinton say.
Current he opposes Pacific's vapaakauppasopimus, who he before support.
"[President] I oppose all trade bill, who they move workers or salaries to only", Clinton promise.
The Washington Post -leaf before Clinton's speech write <pl>'s speculations with Clinton aimed to animadvert republicans's Donald Trump's Monday free <sg> talousohjelma that, that the "favours only tämänkaltainen millionaires".
Trump advise <sg> roima discount to company taxes Clinton do earlier appointed "Trump's loophole".
Thursday Clinton emphasise being self pienyrittäjä's daughter.
He remind hearers from pienyrittäjä, who's bills Trump do left pay, also from cloths, who Trump self produces in China and in Mexico.
"If he likes to make from America again great, him shall to start by making self products in America", Clinton snipe.
Such do Rio's seer figures: Games do not glue Finnish screens by, but mobile application interests
Generally competitions they show television's seer in statistics sharp mountain peak.
Rio's Olympian do not temporary reached huima seer numbers.
At a time games do glue screens by parhaimmillaan 12 points from population: Tuesday evening swim follow Such from olympia channel from TV2 to same while 615,000 seers.
Comparison's flow: month old athletics EM games they let TV2 by at a time nigh 800,000 seers, also football's EM games well second million.
from Olympialaji most do temporary interested Sunday evening's cycling also viides game day opened telinevoimistelu, who both they reach to olympia channel at a time nigh ahalf million seers.
Yle sport's head Panu Pokkinen do happy seer to figures, and reminds, that seers they split Rio's Olympian first repeats to many other to instrument.
Television besides Finnish they follow Olympian Rio from Arena.
Are happy that, how great part from tv set seers altogether elects Olympian.
side Television also seers they split TV2 and Yle Fem -to channels.
Rio's Olympian do first competitions, to who Yle do owned entire channel.
When sending comes 24 hours in day, also seers do whole its I lead 20,000 500,000, with this the do good basis.
Seer numbers do small Kui year 2012 London in games or year 2008 Beijing in games, but differ to explain behalf aikaero - great part Rio's game from sendings comes in Finnish to nighttime.
Second reason to lukewarm interest - if such now any lukewarm must - do certainly traditional Finnish reason: if Lash is taken from start games any's surprise medal, interest is pompsahtanut upwards its along.
Besides athletics do only begin, with same like other Finnish interesting ilk: sail also riding.
Beginning seer numbers do did Pokkinen along around awaited.
When athletics begin, seer figures they explode.
Yle lanseerata games for Yle Rio 2016 -mobile application, each soar games first days Apple App Storessa Finland load free application.
to Monday by application did downloaded 150,000 times.
I Bet, that now is gone already 200,000 loads tienoilla.
"Verkko's seer figures we let just late"., Pokkinen tells
Rio Arena do not moved in all in users toivotusti.
Pokkinen says, that feedback do come also faults do let altered.
Rio Areena's use do aligned delay also other small technical problem in beginning.
from Applications do let updated versions, who shall to correct mistakes.
Rio's Olympian they show Such in channels also in arena with broad moons nothing other sport event never prior.
Yle Fem -from channel can to follow something ilk, also in radio Yle Speech conveys games daily.
Olympian do except maybe to arduous Yle never, also last, who you can to follow alone Such from channels.
from Year 2018 initially olympia sport shows and in Yle that in commercial channels.
How deep do Finland deep lake?
Official statistic along Finland deep lake do Päijänne, who's depth do in Ristinselkä 95.3 -metri.
The might do even deep.
Technology diving trainer Mate Kannela find from Small some 20 centare sag, who's basis depth diving computer say 104 -metri.
in Summer 2014 Finland ympäristökeskus try to non-sense to strengthen finding kaikuluotaamalla.
Method no disregarding find small niche hundred -metri, development engineer Jari Hakala says.
Temporarily official depth do so on 95.3 -metri.
Other deep lakes do Inarijärvi (92 -metri) and Suvasvesi (90 -metri).
Over 80 -metri they extend Saimaa, Second water and Pääjärvi.
This do not examined as with precise moons Päijänne.
Etenkään Inarijärvi's basis do not map precise.
"Thence feels in fact to find alien basins", Kannela moot.
If deep lake is defined keski depth's aid, the do Great Jukajärvi, 23 -metri.
with This look at Päijänne does not reach ten deep along and Suvasvesi do even farther from tip.
Correction 12. Augusts o'clock 14.29: Correct last paragraph, in who keski from depth deep lakes did wrong.
Ihalainen from tax sale: Pensioner's taxation on tense
Pensioner taxation do on tense like earner.
Ihalainen says, that grievance come visible eduskuntavaali upon also pensioner's taxation promise to tasa-arvoistaa to earner see.
Government's motion does not include such.
We's mind the must on that absolutely do.
Given promises shall to manage foster to scent to comply, he says Länne's Media.
This's year early to earner come työtulo reductions, who they post taxation.
Asi heat in parliament opposition's representatives, who they grill then state treasurer Alexander Stubb (kok.) from vaalilupaus.
Ostovoima is safeguard, the does not grow
State treasurer Petteri Orpo (kok.) presenting in line from veronalennus do Ihalainen along question mainly ostovoima ensure from <sg> nor from alloy, that next year salaries does not increase.
He says, that veronalennus affects positively to ostovoima also to employment, if other matters not more humans's doubt.
Ihalainen do happy chancellor Juha Sipilä (kesk.) and Orpo's messages from desire to respect in effort to time let competitive strength agreement.
He says, that from agreement drawn holding do credibility according important..
The do reign important economy also työllisyyspoliittinen action.
The do made unions's forces, ergo that not must to mess up by questioning.
The comes to need, when economy do so much domestic demand also humans own tulevaisuudenusko varassa.
to Protractile unemployment adhering in threshing
Ihalainen appeals to government, that the adheres in bugdet session to pitkäaikaistyöttömyys, at least so growth's arrest.
Pitkäaikaistyöttömiä did in June some 17,000 more like year prior.
He says, that unless not growth stop, government's objective työllisyysaste's withdrawal 72 points escapes.
He warns, that if protractile unemployment challenge is left mind, in authorisation do very great social bill.
Ambassador: Thailand's -iskuinen non reportedly Finnish victims
in Thailand eilisilta also past night Finland's time pass in pommi-isku die anyway four humans.
Embassy urges in country being Finnish to attention and to avoid windy tourist regions and to follow authorities's guidelines.
to Thailand aim Finnish tourists is not reason origin way explosions due to, but embassy's guidelines from caution supports to comply, Westphalen says.
in Thailand very a bit Finnish
Westphalenin with in Thailand do in this in moment very a bit Finnish, however them you tarkata to number do difficult to assess.
Finnish Thai country's travel period ajoittua to end of year.
Better Thailand from tourists comes from Etelä-Eurooppa also from China here while from year.
Finland's embassy do let in Thailand from being Finnish something comments Facebook via pommi-isku's scent.
Embassy do tried to aspire particularly Hua Hinissa being Finnish let information city's situation.
Multiple contact persons in Hua Hin do though away from city in this in moment.
Generally take all affects with being goods, Westphalen says.
Non information from factor
Westphalenin along attacks's factor do not even information.
Ambassador opines, that events might to join Thailand disunited society to political unrest also to viimeviikkoinen referendum military junta draw from constitution.
Law adopt in referendum.
Referendum did not open, democratic process.
in Country inter alia arrested humans, who they announced anti laws.
Thailand in southern provinces smolder for one to Muslim population joining etnis-kansallinen conflict, Westphalen says.
Muslims they like to increase self-determination.
Earlier attacks do not nevertheless extended to tourist attraction.
in Bangkok do today great, local fete day, Westphalen says.
Him with in city is celebrated queen's birthday also Mother's Day.
Traffic in city do very venial.
Isku they affect day's tenor with this, that authorities do very from precise security.
Thailand's pole: -iskuinen non question from international terrorism
Police along attacks do "local sabotage" also differing mundane terror -iskuinen.
Also Islamistic terrorism do closed away, tells Thailand's pole press agency AP with.
in Thailand do deceased day during anyway four humans, when 11 bombs do exploded other in stave to bed, like tourists's preference in Phuket and in Hua Hin.
Finnish also favouring in tourist attraction, holiday island in Phuket explode in night four bombs, tells Thai leaf Bangkok Post.
Current informations with this do not call casualties.
from Bombs two explode leaf with Patong Beachilla.
Besides two bombs explode Phang in Nga, in who haavoittua leaf along one human.
in Popular tourist attraction in Hua Hin do for one exploded local authorities along all told four bombs yesterday also today.
in Kumpikin kaksois in pommi-isku die anyway ~a.
Besides South in Thailand Surat Thani's village and Trang's city explode in kumpikin anyway one bomb.
in Kumpikin in attack die anyway one human.
Also Surat Thani do to many to tourist familiar, that its via is walked with Ko Samui, Ko Pha Nganin also Ko I Ram to holiday islands.
Attacks's factor non in information
Thailand governing military junta leader Prayut ChaO cha along attacks's factor do not temporarily even in information.
Bombs do company to create chaos also confusion.
Us not must to inflame humans to panic more, he say to journalists.
from Security similar varapääministeri Ge Prawit Wongsuwanin along anyway Hua Hin and Trang's attacks do connected to another.
He say Thai BSB:lle, that factors's purpose do do to destroy country's tourism, since all attacks do happened in tourist attraction.
Finland's embassy urges in country being Finnish to attention and to avoid windy tourist regions and to follow authorities's guidelines.
to Thailand aim Finnish is not reason origin way explosions due to, but suurähetystön guidelines from caution supports to comply, Westphalen says.
Wounded European
Finnish night during pass -iskuinen also this's victims is known temporarily very a bit.
from Eilisiltainen attack in Hua Hin do got to let slightly more information.
That die local woman and haavoittua over 20 other, who's number did anyway nine foreign tourist.
in Wounded number do anyway German, Italian, hollantilainen also itävaltalainen.
Hua Hin in latter attack haavoittua anyway three humans.
Two bombs explode sight well-known bell tower lähettyvillä.
Thai PBS tells, that to poles do isolated in Hua Hin region, from who the believes find even one bomb.
Surat Thani's bomb did province's governor along to hidden bed.
in Isku died municipality's worker.
Wounded do anyway ~a.
CNN interview police chief tells, that also Surat Thani's attack use two bombs, who they explode some side's hour with lag.
Bangkok Posti along bombs they explode together other gendarmerie front.
U.S. Biles overcome women's four match's
U.S. Alexandra Raisman did with second points 60.098 and Russia's Aliyah Mustafina third 58.665 points in performance.
Biles, 18, aspire Rio's games even rack championships in parterre, in leap also in beam.
Biles do managed women's gymnastics mielin määrin past years.
in Him three previous from period eight personal maailmanmestaruus.
Four match also parterre's championships he do superior three times successively and beam past also previous year.
United states in team Bilesillä do achieved two joukkuekilpailu maailmanmestaruus.
Soft M.M. medals Bilesillä do from leap also from beam.
Thailand Finnish entrepreneur: "Isku have not impact to tourism"
Thailand's Phuket real-estate business office also in same property located children game club running Esa Huovila do not worried Thailand pommi-isku vaikutuksesta to tourism.
If does not come more attacks, with this do not believe, that hereof bee nothing ihmeempiä, you assess Finnish entrepreneur in Asia some parikymmentä years worked Huovila.
Experienced entrepreneur do seen near many Thailand tested tragedies.
Here do always something.
first did tidal wave, now bird influenza also past year pommi-isku in Bangkok.
If this prior neither do not cast out tourists, with this with pains this neither.
Huovila's company office lies few's harvests -metri päässä from explosion place.
Huovila hear from attack from own worker.
Worker call some nine local time and say, unless not you support to come to office.
Huovila says, that and rantakatu that main drag Bangla Road did attacks's flow all closed early in morning.
Monet local workers they came at morning to job to ordinary way.
They they reckoned, that roadblocks did set queen birthday's flow, Huovila says and refers Friday's juhlapyhä in Thailand.
in Baguet ambiance did peaceful also main drag's movements they let authorisation to open some clock ten local time.
in Ranta many did not even heard -iskuinen.
Ahalf three while in day Thailand while in Baguet traffic did normalised also great part from trades did opened door.
Attack place according to explosion do do quite small, in attack place worked Huovila says.
Afterward specific car see in Kruunupyy Jouxholmintiellä.
When to poles get instead, did car lit to sear.
Patrol saw two characteristics appropriate man hide to adjacent sixsome.
Second man took right drawn.
Second left karkuun, but man found afterward from forest police dog's aid.
Men is suspected engine vehicle from käyttövarkaus, from theft also from gross injury.
to Polish thanks clues award .
Research director Russia's leader from changes: you Clear up to edge transfer
in Russia make on Friday high-ranking leader change to years, when president Vladimir Putin separate administration head's Sergei with Ivanova.
with Ivanova successor do virolaistaustainen 44 -year-old Antto Persecution.
He do ex diplomat also moved with Ivanova kakkosmies.
Kangaspuro says, that with Ivanova separation's reason feels do Putin's desire to prevent the, that strong humans him ympärillä they collect glut power.
He addition, that leadership tasks recycle do one vallankäyttö way.
This do way to prevent, that humans they kerryttää from president unaddicted power to self.
Kangaspuro with do also possible, that Ivanov do got to kahnaus other spearhead with or muck up.
Depot drop to Ivanova
Putin's loop heard Ivanov moves environment also traffic matters special to tasks.
Governmental media by presenting in ribbon Putin say change common decision.
Putin with Ivanov did self asked transfer to second tasks also proposed Persecution instead, told Russia Today.
Kangaspuro says, that with Ivanova according in question do clear depot drop.
Environment also traffic matters do not in Russian in tärkeysjärjestys such high.
He point out, that Ivanov do do ~a from important humans Russia's power in super.
Addition Ivanov do do president's Security Council in important role.
Ivanov work Soviets during Putin with in KGB.
Him lengthen possible Putin successor year 2008, but president soar Dmitri Medvedev.
Kangaspuro point out, that old guard, for example governors, do in exchanged Russia lately.
Old researcher Katri Pynnöniemi from Political institute says, that interesting than with Ivanova place's heir do the, that Putin exchanges lähipiiri nascent.
Isis-taistelijat they use civilian ihmiskilpi withdraw in Syria
They they use civilian ihmiskilpi flee Jarabulusin to city, that do not aim to them, say Sherfan Darwish, each do Manbijin soldier council's representative.
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights -organisation along civilian did to laid harvests to cars, in who them took Jarabulusiin.
Arab also Kurdish fighters they let past in week haltuun some 90 points Isisille important Manbijin from city.
estimate along ten Jihadist stayed though while to city.
Altered prior news clock 19:30: Prior we told wrongly, that siviillit did fleeing from city, really Isis-taistelijat they kidnapped civilian flee from city.
Professor: Home Office's document fame line do illicit
Home Office line documents's fame do illicit, says public law's professor Tomi Voutilainen Eastern Finland's university.
Voutilainen says to STT, that document fame can not base authority to own lines instead the bases to laws.
Home Office refuse prior assign Home Secretary's opportunities participant list to Ilta-Sanomat.
Minister reason decision capital's secretariat in rubric and that, that informations did listed minister to calendar nor to accounting material.
Ministry's communication leader says to STT, that in ministry do detected need to reform practices.
Usa Boltin last olympia show begin in Rio
Past years's way Bolt do arvokisa upon run while to only.
He insult from start period behind shank and must to leave Jamaica's olympiakarsinta to lag.
This do not do complete preparation, but do far in better order.
Ole trained good and the do key matter, Bolt say in news conference in Rio.
That news conference contain lesser dressed samba dancers also fans changed journalists.
Pori Boltin ympärillä you underline that, that jamaikalainen aster do risen era who athletics do wrestle doping scandals and slide interest with.
Boltin previous loss in olympiakisat come in Athens 2004, when he fail 200 -metri in heats in time 21.05.
Then 17 -year-old Bolt did nascent promise who they slow injuries also loose exercise attitude.
Four years in late Beijing he's reign began hundred -metri, in who he crushed world record also competitors's confidence from end revelry no matter in born time 9.69.
This do difficult
Leak late Berlin in M.M. games Bolt achieve career pinnacle's clock measure.
in Berlin born world record 9.58 hundred -metri also 19.19 kaksisataa do yet in force.
in Rio Bolt do announced aspire 200 -metri world record also 19 seconds alitus, but so to generation does not believe no one other than Bolt self.
in Hundred Boltin such challenger do Athens 2004 hundreds olympiavoittaja Justin Gatlin.
Past year Beijing's M.M. in final Bolt beat American or one sadasosasekunti.
Bolt do not in Beijing begin reign during are lost arvokisa's final not once, if or do reached to way.
in Daegu 2011 hundreds M.M. final stay Boltilta run vilppilähtö due to.
Bolt to meet rich week kuluttua 30.
He do old man nascent men in ilk, and Rio's games do him last Olympian.
Career last wire Bolt do assigned next year's M.M. games in London.
This do this Olympian who they separate I from other.
Ole old and this do difficult.
But always when do in alamaa, I remind self: this year me do task the, Bolt say three months ago Sports Illustratedin in interview.
Revelations from Rio: two athletes is suspected from doping foul
Chinese governmental press agency Xinhua along Chinese bather Chen Xinyi, 18, do given positive doping sample's Rio in Olympian.
Chinese bather Chen Xinyin from doping sample find scents from banned substances.
Also bulgarialainen runner Silvia Danekovaa epäilläään from doping foul.
Besides kenialainen athletics coach send kotii, since he give doping sample athlete behalf.
Silvia Danekova do given doping sample, in who do signs from epo hormone.
He locate in Rio neljäs women 100 -metri in butterfly.
Brasilialainen leaf Estadaon along Chinese bather do taken doping cases Sport international petition court's CAS wieldy.
Xinhua tells, that Xinyin Sunday give from sample is found signs hydrochlorothiazide from named thiazide.
in Rio do come known also other doping misgiving.
BBC reports, that bulgarialainen woman estejuoksija Silvia Danekova do given doping sample, in who do signs from epo hormone.
Kenya do for one sent from Rio athletics coach kotiin doping foul due to.
International olympiakomitea KOK tell Thursday, that kenialainen coach did posed in test situation athlete and did given doping sample this behalf.
Media informations along in question do kenialainen dash coach John Anzrah.
Daily Mailin with he did used in situation 800 -metri runner's Ferguson Rotichin game passport.
Phelpsiä does not stop nothing - historic gold came to show style
Olympia history successful athlete, U.S. Michael Phelps swam 200 -metri in sekauinti 22. olympiavoitto in Rio.
Michael Phelps do superior already 22 olympiakulta.
in Same Phelps achieve first bather same ilk olympiakulta neljäs in successive games.
Phelpsin voittoaika did 1.54,66. 
Japan Kosuke Hagino located in sekauinti second before China's Wang Shunia.
Yrittä's or must a bit funny, BBC's olympia swim commentator Helen Skelton laughs Iltalehti's Ochotona in interview.
Helen Skeltonista (oik.) on Monday made stuff do this's week study Iltalehti in webpages.
Alongside commentator Rebecca Adlington.
Skelton non far stressata, if in some or in limey press do small noise him revealing also from special garb.
Television indeed do visual media, he stresses.
Skelton do costumed to high-interest shoes also to shortish frock, in who do certainly at least sufficiently elicit uus - anyway many conservative limey seer's eyes.
Taka-askel do not nevertheless in authorisation.
Do important to say from good, also small stirs indeed do only funny matter.
Skelton likes certainly to säväyttää also mayhap to startle also, but he stresses, unless not you like do in päärooli.
not indeed in this do question from me, he posits.
Here do in seen sport, also focus must do in athletes.
No that must do with this awfully lag, how what I dress.
Can to imagine, that stir do reached Finland until?
can not, but all which turns attention that, how hard this bather they make jobs also how big sacrifices heh making, do to me ok, Skelton grins.
you Know what?
The do stir empty, if the comes (presenter) from grooming.
Do petite diverted, if such do hit any's radar.
Rio's pole make two arrests terror misgiving due to
Rio's pole announce Thursday, that the do arrested two persons terrorism misgiving due to.
to Polish make arrests games's security monitoring's link.
to Polish make samassa connected not a bit other arrest and interrogate two persons before this's exemption.
All suspects do did brasilialainen.
G1-news site along terrorism due to suppressed persons they hear to same group, who's limbs to poles arrest already in July.
in Captives is believed being links Fathers-äärijärjestöön.
Suppressed did reportedly inflamed violence in social media.
to Violence hortative messages did disseminated other muassa popular WhatsApp-in service.
Rio's games from security responds 85,000 police.
to Polish detonate in Rio doubtful package
Spain and Nigeria must to start Rio's basketball tourney's start block's match in empty concourse Thursday.
to Polish found doubtful package from basketball arena and closed place's public.
to Polish allowed inside public so to scent, when did kontrolloidusti detonated package.
This did third time Rio's Olympian during, when to poles do engaged control räjäytys task.
to Polish close arena thence find doubtful package flow.
Public reach inside, when to poles did kontrolloidusti detonated package.
Public does not manage to stand match's start go, when to poles close arena's spell from concourse find doubtful package due to.
to Polish detonate package and allow public's concourse just so to scent.
Paukku raise games drowsily launch Spanish team.
Two losses games started Spain overcome Nigeria's points 96-87.
Two in previous games Spain achieve silver.
to Polish engage control räjäytys task already third time Rio's kesäkisat during.
Last to poles must to detonate doubtful finding maantiepyöräily's paint place läheisyydessä past Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria they started Rio's basketball tourney's start block's match empty stands front.
Argentina's dame bunt Petäjä Siren - Finnish moot protest
Blew Petäjä in Siren did colourful kilpailupäivä in Rio.
Wind Petäjä Siren experienced hard Thursday.
Argentina's dame bunt Blew Petäjä Siren on Thursday in Rio women's surfing day's opener in exit.
Tuula violate palpably.
Opponent granted foul.
He stayed prang due to to hangup, also other they escaped, Finland's coach Joakim Wilenius told.
Athlete considered long protest.
That no ago supported to make, since the do do olympia rules along unnecessary.
Is shall to fall to water, that I do let rebate, Petäjä Siren posit.
Finnish hang in board last until, since does not like must Rio to dirty water.
Finnish stay prang along in exit to place 27. 
Bonfires in sense hip London's year 2012 olympiahopea medallist do kahdeksas.
Kärki suhteen prang non just neither affect.
Friday do important day, when do is kisata exits 10-12.
Modified 0.39: First informations digress Petäjä Siren does not make neither protest.
7 special matter, who science with they elongate age
Science do examined all possible country also sky's lag.
This's matters do proven afferent addition years person's life.
Part from matters do ways, who directly or indirect they affect person's health with this, that he's life lengthen.
Sometimes again matters, to who person self feels not affect, they feel to bring to him addition years.
Such do inter alia tendency to middle fatness or social depot.
in Regular purchases running can to elongate ages.
always not need even to squander - plain maitotölkki seek to do.
Long age secret do aspire to nail with many other with researches.
Medical Daily present seven strange tutkimustulos.
Science with all this matters might to bring more elinvuosi.
Beer also coffee's drinking
Kahvinjuonti do stated protective from something from cancers, type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer also from Parkinsonin tauti.
Harvard's university research posit, that moderate coffee consumption do in link "lessened death to risk", notably neurological or heart -peräinen diseases relation.
Alcohol behalf they speak again researches, who along kohtuu use - an three päiväannos - might to elongate life.
Example some see, that viininjuoja they live old like humans, who do not drink at all.
Regular floss use can to elongate person's life even over six years, some research tells.
Argument bases that, that this prevents gingivitis.
This again -voipa helps other diseases from perforations elsewhere human's body.
in Norway made research nail, how laugh affect human's life.
Seven years taken project monitor over 54,000 persons.
They, who they laugh more, did yrmympiä persons 35 points todennäköisemmin alive test lapse .
Sex, while when from social disease suojautua do minded, do Mon's researches along for to health.
All's addition the can also to elongate ages.
Alas plain sex have such does not do.
That person lets addition years to life, him comes also to let orgasm.
Liikunnallisuus you bring surely addition years, that does not work denial.
Long age achieve non nevertheless require absolute slightness.
Some Oxford's university research namely see, that women, in who did big back, cholesterol levels did low.
They's body did also more omega 3 -fatty acid.
Same research linked this points to low mortality.
Did in question now in Olympian to mitalisija reached athlete Tai Oscar superior actor, he likely lives farther like ordinary pulliainen.
Many research do tried to find reason here to phenomenon.
One explanations can do, that ambitious human likely lives in way, each brings he's life addition years.
Part from researchers again suspects, that long age again stems person from social status - each again from own part to enable for example Nobel Prize's prize like recognitions pursuance.
Over 65 -year-old purchase behaviour nailing research see, that daily shopping person live likely harvemmin purchases able old.
This stems that, that in concrete trades rotation reduces solitude.
That do again stated abreact biological mechanisms, who might to advance death.
you Dip so credit card from hand - in Internet shoppailu non näin ollen do same impact.
Obstacle tipsy rattijuoppo precipitate square lorry
Varsinais-Suomi's Koski happen Friday evening serious lorry also automobile's nokkakolari.
Accident happen in Koski, Rapid's road and Sorvastontien halfway on Friday clock 21.00.
Lorry did do leading Forssa I direct, when I respond come automobile did drifted even as to lane, hit lorry's right I kulmata.
Lorry stay collision after to lane erect, but erupt to sear.
Driver succeed to extinguish I split self.
Automobile precipitate to ditch also thence on ditch over to ceiling.
Automobile transported year 1972 born woman stay to pressures to car.
Rescue installation let go hurt driver from car, and they transport Turun yliopistolliseen to central hospital to treatment.
Woman's blowing test's result did 2.02 permille.
Him is suspected from gross DUI.
Post bishop irto candies to wrong city
Salko's K-Citymarket irto in candy range did lacks, when post did toggle part's load in damage to Seinäjoki.
in Perniö living Teija Haltia did Thursday buying irto candies Salko's K-Citymarket, when to eyes hit funny sign.
Alas irto in sweets do product lacks, when Posti toggle load to Seinäjoki!
we Let addition when Posti lets filled load!
Joll not congestion so in grass cutting off, in sign read.
Trader kettuilla sign joins that, that Posti extend past spring services to concern also grass cutting off.
Grass cutting off do Posti's presentation always August's end until.
Haltia according sign did mainly humourous and he decided to share so in social media.
Update's popularity striked/struck I ällikällä.
Media's representatives also do rung whole I lead, and this's matter raise attention do believe, Haltia wonders.
Friday evening Haltia's update did in Facebook over 700 divisions.
Haltia let own favourite seize irto to karkkipussi, without few crib did also tyhjillään.
Posti's Companies Kuljetuspalvelu's business responsible Jaakko Kaidesoja apologised damage to Ilta-Sanomat.
Background do, that five blades three err yesterday to wrong place (Seinäjoki) and not anymore leave to make part supply (to Salo) three, instead we take just today not a bit stand, Kaidesoja tell to Ilta-Sanomat.
from Matter reports first Ilta-Sanomat.
Teija Haltia does not närkästyä from sign, since find select all own irto candy favourite.
Huima laihdutus! 30 kilograms keventyä Lotta Backlund publish picture's change
Comedian producer do hoikistua ten kilograms child birth's scent.
Lotta Backlund do pinched ten kilograms resulting elämänmuutos.
Lotta share on Friday picture couple from change in Instagram.
in Spring Lotta did in order hoar and aimed normaalipainoinen.
Lotta Backlund year 2014. 
Comedians, tv set producer Lotta Backlund started laihdutus works already year 2009.
He do overall lifestyle change also pinched little quietly kolmisenkymmentä kilograms.
Friday Backlund publish from huima performance picture couple in Instagram.
in Picture shows, how enormously Lotta do changed years during from appearance.
Backlund before also to scent -picture couple do collected multiple kiitellä comments kanssalaihduttajilta.
Do yes posh.
in Same way do, motivation hard! some anneal.
Piia Koriseva, Lotta Backlund and Mikael Saarinen did along with is Made the now -in project.
I Let and from pictures hirveesti force also enthusiasm, when self I trudge in same way, second tells.
in Spring Lotta drop last kilograms is Made the now -project parissa.
Then he tell to Iltalehti desirous finally finally to normaalipaino, to who did with silla track ten kilograms.
Three months with order hoar during kilograms fall finally five.
in Loviisa murdered woman family's wish: Victim's anamnesis police dog for
Week ago in Loviisa murdered 42 -year-old woman family hopes, that victim remember bloom also instead petitions in donation police dog work for.
Sipoo's Veterinarian depot do published Facebook update, in who the conveys victim's family wish's police dog for from active donations.
in Publication is told, that victim did made Sipoo's Veterinarian in depot works sijainen and engaged there also tender practices.
Veterinarian depot recalls woman in touching words.
Glad, smart, huumorintajuinen also work pelkäämätön.
Good Friend.
Even neither can not full to involve, that he do away.
in Facebook update do aboard tilinumero, where donations feels to transfer.
in Update is mentioned, that donation moneys they go totally to police dog, firstly turvaliivi's procurement.
Past on Friday 42 -year-old loviisalainen woman must murdered in own kotipiha Loviisa's Koskenkylä.
Woman's neighbours do said to Iltalehti victim do very eläinrakas.
He own multiple animals, inter alia horse, dogs, cats, chickens also cock.
from Murder suspect 27 -year-old man does not know woman nor in them did nothing link to another.
Murderer's jäljitys did aboard police dog Börje, each haavoittua in arrest situation fatally.
Börje stayed though to spirits and do recovering.
Court give to Post judgment's par with laws from infraction
Posti have not right to arrest rent worker from perehdyttäminen refuse worker signs, you assess Kanta-Häme's court in judgment.
Court oblige Posti to pay to worker great part from suppressed salary also 2,000 euros rebate from discrimination.
Judgment along Posti is felt to arrest perehdyttäjä's salary or's part, each respond perehdyttäminen's end totally day's work.
Court along worker did set par with laws vastaisesti ammattiyhdistystoiminta according to to adverse depot.
Worker did complied Posti- ja logistiikka-alan unioni PAU's organisation decision perehdyttäminen from ban.
Past year's November post strike during PAU made decision, who with Posti's workers do not familiarise strike offend rent workers.
from Matter told first Kansa's news.
with Turkka resuming human rights to respectful road
with Turkka comes to resume democratic also human rights respectful development tielle, they write chancellor Juha Sipilä (kesk.) also foreign minister Timo Soini (ps.) in answer to Journalist union.
Chancellor Juha Sipilä (kesk) also foreign minister Timo Soini (ps) do as mind Turkey's human right from situation.
Journalist union ask earlier in letter Sipilä and Soini to express concern Fur's word also freedom of the press behalf.
Sipilä and Soini they tell Finnish repeatedly to death to Turkka open press also freedom of speech's importance.
Putin separate administration head - instead virolaistaustainen Persecution
Russia's president Vladimir Putin do separated president's administration head's Sergei with Ivanova, Kremlin tells.
to Mode comes Council Estonian's communist leader Karl Persecution's grandson Antto's Persecution.
Persecution do 44 -year-old former diplomat, each do moved president's administration resource head from year 2012. 
Vainonen comes also Russian's Security Council limb, press agency Interfax tells.
Vladimir Putin give shots administrations to head.
Putin to close loop heard Ivanov moves Kremlin's handout along environment also traffic matters special to tasks.
Putin with Ivanov did self asked transfer to second tasks also proposed Persecution instead, Russia Today tells.
Ivanov work one Putin with Soviets during KGB's espionage.
Many must Ivanova possible Putin successor year 2008, but president soar also Dmitri Medvedev.
Ivanov appointed to task year 2011 before Putin's reelection president year 2012. 
BBC: MANU:'s giant procurement to gameban - does not see Valioliiga's opener
Football transfers maailmanennätysmies does not see in field, when England's Valioliiga is kicked to visit weekend.
Paul Pogban gameban follow aboard to England.
Manchester United's giant procurement Paul Pogba do gameban due to alongside MANU:'s open league periods Sunday Bournemouthia to only, tell BBC Friday.
MANU pay Pogbasta Italian bee Juventukselle limey media along 105 million euros.
England's football union FA though must they away from game, that Pogballe stay Juventuksesta burden gameban.
He let two warnings past period's Italian in cup, and that comes one match gameban.
That gameban do to transferred England, FA tell to BBC.
Pogban following raphe to play do league in second round 19. Augusts, when MANU faces Southampton.
Flow'ssa megalomania do virtue
Viihtyvyys precise criteria also ambitious visions do established Flow Festivalin depot internationally good event, who they star world's super artists.
Flow Festival begin Friday in Helsing.
Festival visitors do typically expressed self in omaleimainen grooming.
One end blade's artists do this year punk legend Iggy Popular music.
Flow Festivalin event region stailataan inter alia action in sward also in art installations.
to Mei do not never done, that do only end stand also beer tent, says happen artistic leader Tuomas Rock.
Helsing's Suvilahti this weekend organising Flow Festival do grown small block from festival ten thousand visitors event.
Success's background do simple question: to Like what event factors self they like to go?
in Event productions do quite anomaly, that is thought with this.
Often objective do, that is achieved essential's level and is moved authority fiat according to, says happen artistic leader Tuomas Rock.
He know week before event, that Flow comes this also year to sell to end.
Objective do do to raise past year 70,000 humans attendance 5,000 spirits.
in Festivals is seen this also year number interesting domestic also foreign artists.
Attendance's growth do good thing, when act must in something in way to finance.
However not desire to grow overly, when somewhere in stage mass do like karjalauma, who is guided in huge routes.
That do not like.
to Successful event ideology do 13 years during inflated so, that partly action in sward ornament in region do 130 performers, art installations and lukuinen restaurant points also cocktail bars.
End blade also small stages besides heist place this year moves 15,000 humans tent.
Rock grants, that event's butter actualise simple also.
Maybe do a bit megalomanic, but in same do can to maintain Flow"s spirit.
If its loses, this do not anymore we's stuff.
to Rock great pleasure also prize make from work do, that now great also visions do virtually possible.
Event's year's start 2000 figures halfway activity did very dependent Helsing city some 20,000 euros from support.
Past year Flow'ta curl stock company turnover did some six million euros.
Its's aid can to accomplish "kreisi also stuff", like I bring 73 -metri broad tent build <sg>.
Flow"s visitors do typically expressed self in omaleimainen grooming.
Musiikkitapahtuma rinnalla can also to speak trendy nascent adults from community.
Event do not nevertheless purposely profiloitua special fashionable.
we Like to excel especially in content.
Nevertheless also furors they agree Flow"s to arvomaailma: to curiosity and I like to interact environment with, says Rock.
This year one end blade's artists do punk's legend, 69 -year-old Iggy Popular music.
in Man do in own genre huge fan number, not he indierockia, pop music, rap and soul music tessellate in festival are the most typical performer.
Rock with Iggy book, when now do likely last time, when this is seen in heist in Finland.
Mei interests all, history also future.
Non or the, what in commercial radio is called.
Iggyn last disc do hemmetti good and he do made past years hemmetti good heists.
Thailand's tourist paradise's bombs did to hidden planters - tourists they fled kauhuissaan
in Hua Hin exploded local while torstai-ilta two bombs.
in Isku died anyway ~a local woman also over 20 aggrieve.
Bombs did hidden apparently to planter also detonated cellphones's aid.
Bombs did to laid street, who's customers multiple do foreign.
This detonate to same time, when you turistaa began to leave from bars and to resume to hotels, told police's representative Samoer Yoosumran CNN with.
from Year 1989 Asia lived savages's protector Edwin Wiek tviittasi -iskuinen telling picture.
If tviitti does not show in order, can to look its from this.
in Hua Hin hurt anyway 11 did foreign tourists.
Crowd ran vastaan and said, that bomb do exploded bars luona.
The happen an great bar from streets, tell Swedish tourist Emelie Olsson Aftonbladetille.
Next morning local time explode two bombs in Surat Thani.
Anyway ~a die.
Wounded number do not even in information.
Very soon this after Finnish also by favouring Phuket's island explode two bombs.
No one non reportedly asleep.
to Same time in Hua Hin make second kaksois pommi-isku.
Anyway ~a die also three haavoittua.
Addition Trang's city explode one bomb.
to Polish tell find from Hua Hin reportedly anyway one bomb, each did not even got to explode.
Thailand's authorities along pommi-isku's behind do likely iconoclastic numbers, who do not happy Thailand sotilasjohto's actions.
Local authorities assessments along in matter might do also criminal organisations.
Aftonbladetin along to poles do adhered past times hanakasti ihmiskauppa käyvä criminal organisations's activity.
KSML: This part from new police squad leaves in war situation first to fight
Acute war in situation varusmies is told to combat mission just multiple month after sotilasvala's swearing, tells Finnish.
Lehti interview Armed forces's koulutuspäällikkö, brigadier general Yucca Sonninen along for example 5.5 months serve from varusmies in war situation fight acceptable do or heh, who do education in loppuvaihe.
Koulutuspäällikkö along to service is imposed firstly to police squad audible reservist.
At all varusmies or reservist does not käskettää to task, to who do not given entail education, Sonninen says.
Earlier in summer arise, that Armed forces takes to nurture varusmies immediate set to units next from year begin.
Yksiköittää can need call to use in military campaign already varusmies education during.
Pamela Tola let giant compensations from hometalo
Actor Pamela Tola and him former husband, president Pauli Waroma do superior rugged row from flat, who heh they buy from Espoo year 2009.
Two-ply separate house's kauppahinta did do 330,000 euros.
Marketing after in house reveal though serious moisture problem, each cause to health dangerous microbe growth.
Couple must to sell flat's demolition -kuntoinen year 2014. 
Offer price did dripped 132,000 euros, ergo economic loss to Tola and Waromalle accumulated passing 198,000 euros.
Couple took matter's right and called there from seller rebate.
Seller denied requirement, but Tola and Waroma they overcame stuff and assizes that in some court.
Some court gave judgment's matter Wednesday.
The must in force court's judgment, in who seller imposed to pay to Tola and Waromalle 150,000 euros rebate.
Besides seller must to replace couple's trial also explication kulu all told 47,344 euros.
Right moderate rebate slightly, since something's match flat's correction need did do in buyers in information already flat trade make.
Arisen building mistakes did some court along though organically serious than what did shown.
Tola look sound home
Tola tell in some court, that couple did expressly looked sound home, since heh do not like to take to korjaustyö.
to Him did born idea, that building do renovated also in good order and unless not order inspection in report from said points are impede.
Order inspection in report mention risky also grievances ventilation and the, unless not rock surface along swimming rain also meltwater's management are sufficient.
Talks according to non nevertheless work known, that question do do possibly from urgent matter.
Tola and Waroma they stay to idea, that from rock future rainwater shall maybe few's year wear to steer slightly.
Trades make in October 2009.
Few's year inside arise, that flat's moisture problems did far thought serious.
Years 2012 also 2013 make in inspections in building posited microbe growth, who witnesses with they stemmed and rock's rainwater that kapillaarisesti risen country from moisture.
in West side house microbes infect <sg> air might inspector's assessment along finally porch via also to interiors.
Terveydellinen risk enable , limits surpass mold or hiivata find in application samples from kodinhoitohuone, cellar's stairway, bedsitter's window from oriel and cellar's bathroom.
Patios build free authorisations
in Right argue also that, did flat extended building permit vastaisesti.
Right looked, unless not Tola and Waroma did before marketing aware Espoo city's decision, who along to flat did made authorisation contrary changes.
Inter alia patios did rakennettu, albeit appropriate authorisations non even did.
Mold problems did though central matter in right.
Some court along buyers might from seller before trades let <pl> informations according to to assume, that building suit to abidance such and unless not to voluminous korjaustyö do lähiaikoina need.
in Tola and Waromalla non some court's mind did special reason to make mundane broad inspection.
Buyers do not neglected understanding's shot duty, some court posits in judgment.
Shivering archive steal: hundred thousand women they like to create children to nazis - in register also Finnish
Journalist Christopher Andersson to write crisp Dagens Nyheterin in article, how U.S.'s Maryland located in National archive do to microfilm tape documents about that all told 218,500 women, who all they like married SS men with.
Great part from women do German, but along with do also American, French, hollantilainen also Russian.
Besides nazi brides like anyway 65 tanskalainen, 86 Norwegian also 14 Finnish and 31 Swedish woman.
Documents also register cards do originating in Nazi Germany move race from agency.
Race agency action SS leader Heinrich Himmlerin in service.
None SS man no in Nazi Germany let to obtain children beforehands they did examined SS doctor.
Same held yet still with great numbers to women, who must to can to create even over 10 children.
Andersson along to women engaged gynaecological researches matter's resolution.
Race agency nailed women's backgrounds inter alia by examining kirkonkirja.
Purpose did to ensure, unless not women's stemma do jew.
Women must also do ready to abandon Sweden's citizenship and to give to race agency käsinkirjoitettu life times and good recommendations from closes.
Race agency like guarantees that, that women did "lapsirakas", "frugal", and "good kansallissosialisti", who can good scissor.
Women, who do not meet requirements, does not adopt SS men's bride.
in Stuff does not tell, how work archive's documents find 14 Finnish woman.
SS leaders they create state support programme, each is known in name Lebensborn, year 1936. 
Programmes inter alia impose, that everyone's SS man comes to let four children, either in marriage or so outside.
Lebensborn-homes they give care outside marriage from born children and they's mother.
Programme non nevertheless promote kovinkaan actively, United states holokausti museum in pages is told.
Instead nazis's väestöpolitiikka focus to family also to marriage.
State encourage naimisiinmeno by offering loans and support children's getting.
German mother honor Cross grant to women, who did let at least four children.
in Nazi Germany "arjalainen" and "ei arjalainen" intermediate marriages did in laws banned, museum's pages is posited.
Petäjä Siren kuudes, Nirkko soar and fall
Tapio Nirkko locate third sail Finnjollien day in first exit Rio's olympiakisat, but stay totally number's hännänhuippu day in second exit.
Nirkko soar bonfire's sense in hip kahdeksas five exits to scent, but second exit fail drop they to place 14..
Wind Petäjä Siren tilt RS:X category's day in exits places 17 also three.
Bonfire's sense in hip Petäjä Siren do kuudes.
470 categories Joonas and Niklas Lindgren they stay day's opener in exit to place 23. 
Bonfires in sense hip Lindgren do in place 19. 
Jari Sillanpää's Satulinna record couple's hour in yöuni: "Did so in katzenjammer"
Jari Sillanpää do heard Finnish favourite to artists already over 20 years I lead.
Cruise ship from barman year 1995 Argentine tango king, Finland best alien sooloartisti and dance palace also festivals's aster reached Sillanpää manages to porskuttaa on and he do also in this in moment in hot lift.
Pot Koppinen write, favourite singer from life telling book Jari Sillanpää - Naked publish today Thursday.
in Book Sillanpää tells from life also from career with this in good like poor thing.
Sillanpää's career soar total rise to flight him overcome Argentine tango king krona Seinäjoen Tangomarkkinoilla year 1995. 
Games Sillanpää sing thong, but he did planned already while a bit different music to self.
1995 springs Yucca Kuoppamäki did composed to Bridgehead man's request Argentine tango paragraph, who's Kassu Halonen reconciled slightly to different form.
Satulinna -paragraph soar also one Finland music history popular paragraph.
in Book is told, that paragraph's recording non nevertheless past hard plans with: Sillanpää sing so to ribbon in terrible hangover also only couple's hour yöuni's scent.
in Mei did do illalla celebrations.
Did so in katzenjammer!
Sillanpää recalls booklet.
-valtainen hit risen paragraph from taltiointi non right guess, that the do sung in hangover.
Without did not physically best, scent did nevertheless good.
I Learnt, that whole I lead do not force to call from self complete also super.
Second man to popular paragraphs joining sattumus, of which booklet is told, happen nigh parikymmentä years late.
Year 2013 Sillanpää differ from then partner also case end up finally also That you deserve gold-plate -paragraph's texts, each publish loner year 2014. 
Books is told, that Saara from Törmänen commissioned song's words did not neither such like Sillanpää do liked.
Sillanpää did illusory being making disc, each tells tositarina him from own life, but from difference telling paragraph words did not neither truth, instead the did written 7 days -leaf's news according to.
Lehti's news Jari also ex dear difference reason told Jari inordinate jinks also alcohol use, but Jari with the did full nonsense nor must to place.
Jari rang book along raivoissaan to label and refused sing paragraph, but end up finally though to sing its - also good with this.
in June limey they surprise self also by voting empire out from EU.
Finally 52 points from electorate support difference also 48 points is remained in union, albeit vote week polls they anticipate also opposite result.
Britain's economists also economy's institutions did nigh unanimously in EU stick <sg> kannalla.
None arvostettu research facility or university does not flag difference behalf, albeit couple individual researcher presumed do other mind profession mainstream with.
Occidental policy fundament mantra, USA former president Bill Clinton taannoinen campaigning theme sentence "It' the economy, stupid" fly to romukoppa Britain Brexit-in vote.
Economists they stagger, when they's vote does not hear.
They they stagger, when economy does not say neither being policy important matter.
Economic curl language
Centre for Macroeconomics tivata last month in query from profession answers Brexit-to disaster.
Typical answer do, unless not economists listened, since in this repeats electorate they make decision in other like in economic bases.
One economists explanation economy's depot to loss do, unless not humans understand economy.
in Many do on also fantasy, that jobs's number do depend from working number, nigh vakio so.
If expat lets job, the do from right limey away.
in Mona do also idea, that currency I draw bill is good thing, since the promotes vientiteollisuus.
Economist municipality according electorate do not believe economic arguments, when economists's consensus does not come sufficiently visible.
Them kismittää notably BBC's evenness, each give as far commissions only couple point economist hill presentable EU difference to paying economists like to superior majority.
EU-vihamielistä press does not interest to tell, what mind IFS, IFM, Boe, CEPR and LSE also other economy power letter combinations difference's consequences do.
Those distant books combinations they speak kasvottomasti from economic growth, trade -suhteinen, from public debt also from currency.
And if economists's messages and listen that understand, with this you blow does not convey, when economists they represent such elite, who as well in electorate non from own mind do common interests.
Economists like cities academic they do yes remained in EU, but in small towns also in country message does not work.
Immigration also do economy
Brexit-vote superior award argument rapid immigration.
Expat takes job, expat congests hospital, expat uses you for.
This arguments they work.
in Everyone in teashop do foreign workers.
How far more jobs limey be neither, if heh they leave away?
Everyone's clinic in antechamber sees expat.
How far helpommin limey lets neither doctor times, if you shy do not?
in Everyone in school do expat also children.
How far easy I straighten limey's children they let neither school place, if from them reach to difference?
in Everyone in municipality lives foreign.
How far more mode natives' be neither, if heh they scram?
from Mind this do economy questions.
This they concern jobs, flats also public services.
Economists not nevertheless successful to respond to this and if they succeed also, they's answer do not let visibility.
Economists do not succeed to explain, that expat thank in limey do restore more jobs, less clinic queues also more money to education also to social security.
Expat - also hard particularly EU expat - do Britain public economy net payers and they's consumption to create jobs.
Aberdeen's property fund prepare Brexitiin in cash
One funds did Aberdeen Asset Management, who's property from investments responds Finnish Pertti Vanhanen.
Him with in Aberdeen prepare in time Brexitiin by drawing A also B plans.
Plan to B therefore EU difference paying camp to award go down to prepare precise few week before vote that from resource, that result is leave.
Concern did, that investors they begin to carry resources away from market.
in Property funds no normalize are voluminous liquid resources, but now this they can do need.
we Leave to increase liquid assets.
When Brexit happen 23. days, in us did 25 points fund's investments käteinen or in liquid resources, Vanhanen says Aberdeen only open daily quote sti from property fund, jota news they concern.
Vanhanen along standard level is 15-20 points.
Fund's value did then 3.5 milliard pounds.
Coupling company's funds value do some 20 milliard pounds.
The did high number nine open property in fund, Vanhanen says from all Britain's property funds open property from funds.
He assesses, that low käteinen number in this in funds stay ten points or even its under.
Property funds so they prepare Brexitiin very with different strategies.
Funds plucking trade
When EU difference supporting camp overcome, Europe go messy.
in Property markets vote followed shy two weeks did though rather peaceful, Vanhanen tells.
Ago happen two matters, who they change situation.
First did Englannin keskuspankki's chief executive officer Mark Carneyn speech, in who he assesses, that Brexit you can do commercial property to actors big risk.
Besides from property funds first, Standard Life, freeze trade.
This one ryöpäyttivät situation and raise matter's Financial Times and BBC's pääotsikko.
Situation compare right vuosiin 2007 also 2008, Vanhanen says.
This let investors to throw a fit.
Institutionaalinen investors they remain peaceful, but private investors they fret.
Snowball began to spin, also fund other to scent must to close door.
Aberdeen's situation did good catch liquid assets flow, but cheque must from end to freeze trade six days.
Vanhanen with heh not really closed trade, instead they changed pricing downwards.
Virtually to investors gave him with time to consider, supports moneys now to carry in panic out.
Aberdeen's message did, that if you do not now force to take moneys out, the does not support, that to conceive redound losses.
The mollify situation, also great part withdraw announcement.
Its after do rather steady, also now market do do couple weeks very peaceful, Vanhanen tells.
He point out, that example Aberdeen's Manner Europe in funds do not do nothing similar turmoil.
Queries come though far.
Intemperately attention to property funds
Vanhanen according property funds trades's shutting they let unreasonable far attention.
Open funds, who shutting they concern, managing some four points Britain's properties.
Aberdeen's lock take moon dates, also company sell away less ten properties 80 London from located property.
Something other funds do yet drawn.
Aviva Investors warn investors in this in week that, that the might must fund drawn year 2017 puolelle.
in This in moment in air do doubt, also economy's growth forecasts do rave downwards, but commission does not show Aberdeen's position "hot".
Great questions they concern now Britain's economic science future development.
from Doubt regardless situation do brought to part from property investors even new possibilities, Vanhanen point out.
Punna also dollar's course do weak 30 beds, what besides in markets do 15 points sale Brexit-vote to anterior time see.
Dollar buyer can now to buy same property even 30 points cheap.
Happy buyers do far, Vanhanen says.
Brexit toi minuses London's property to markets
Two small hours commission does not say even such kummoinen.
But four, when britannialainen property fund's Aberdeen Asset Management's property from investments responding Pertti Vanhanen awaken anew to look Brexit-vote's results, mode did second.
to Expletive that reached.
I Realised, that this indeed goes now plan B puolelle, Vanhanen says in second home in Helsing.
He direct right to works.
London's City did already all alive from small hours regardless.
in Office normally voiceless adjusted tv set screens they tootle news, also generally loud crowd settled full to listen, when chancellor David Cameron entered at morning camera ahead to tell from difference.
When markets they opened, monitors they winkle plain crimson.
The did such morning, who do not never believed live, Vanhanen says.
No that neither, that from turmoil regardless Aberdeen, ~a Britain great property from funds, finalise Brexit-vote following day therefore midsummer two real estates.
Ambiance did silly.
in Company did though prepared to option with goods, also therefore mode did in a way peaceful, Vanhanen tells.
Brexit-vote start correction movement
Vote follow storm.
Punta collapse, Britain's leadership go to exchange.
in Markets go down to anticipate bad bills Britain also notably London's property to markets.
London's office to modes anticipate even 20 points minuses future years.
Soon number Britain's property funds began to freeze trade one other to scent.
Aberdeen also made with this six days.
Now storm do subside, but in air jyllätä yet doubt.
The non with truths show last summer vacation days in this in week in Helsing decline Vanhanen in faces.
He's mind do even hard too early to say far neither that, what Brexitistä follows.
So far do even open: how difference happens also how Scotland reacts to situation, some example.
London's property markets's development do already let ensitietoja.
Property area service firm CBRE:'s informations from hintakehitys they cover some tierce's market.
This with London all's properties prices they dip 3.3 points from June to July.
London's City in office buildings minus accumulate 6.1 points, Vanhanen lists.
Figures do not so terrible, but this do month changes.
Monthly index go down to publish year 1987, also only five months do do bad figures, Vanhanen says.
All as great drops they hit to crisis years 2007 also 2008.
The do interesting that also, that Brexitiä compare rather swiftly Lehmanin to wipeout also United states's property from markets begin to global finance crisis.
Vanhanen according simile do not hard happy, that now in question do Britain homespun crisis.
Ambiance also do second.
in Property markets do not now seen that's time kaltaistaa panic sale instead willingness to sell liquidity's elaboration, Vanhanen says.
Funding jacket finds normalize.
Correction movement is felt do front each then
Self in matter prices's correction movement do not from him miracle - such do felt do front air Brexitiäkin.
Aberdeen's assessment with London also other world ace cities's properties prices do did already years too high.
Ole said already together year I lead, that City also notably offices do surcharge , Vanhanen says.
Drop so began most high.
London's prices do spurt upwards four reasons, Vanhanen lists.
Britain's economy do grown heavily, London's population with same.
Second big trend do, that properties do last ownership category, each globalise, Vanhanen says.
from Mideast and from Asia do come to markets new actors, also yet multiple institutions also private also investors they look property sijoituskohde from foreign countries.
London do well-known city easy target.
Besides prices do fed low rate, who's flow for example pension companies do got to look returns from new targets.
This atop loan do do easily in saatava - however debt lever do used Vanhanen along now palpably less Kui year 2008 crises forego buumi during.
you Decentralise, you decentralise
in London prices's rise tasautua past summer, Vanhanen tells.
Aberdeen also began to post ownerships in London, and did also past year net seller.
Await did somesuch turn, also now the came.
What hereof on?
The depends that, that how Britain's economic science develops, Vanhanen says.
Much he does not dare future to assess, but says, that nothing rise thorn with pains do in authorisation.
Ambiance refers that, that front do down or steady outgo.
Vanhanen do seen already multiple movements up also downwards, that he do do in property area from year 1988.
Also yet he do optimist, each believes, that from holes is managed in work.
If do ripe with risky goods, do in better depot.
He believes to global dispersion.
If do invested together to market, do overly so victim.
If do decentralise, risky do also decentralised, Vanhanen says.
S-ryhmä begin to register purchase informations prior closer
Point S-ryhmä to know what you eat, that trade concern tell today begin to collect former precise information habitue from purchases.
When here by information do collected from kuitti sum, group begin May's start to garner such also from boughten products.
S-ryhmä comes in this Kesko's truth, that in plus card boughten goods informations do collected Kesko's customer to register already poor year I lead.
K-Plus Ld.'s president Ismo Riitala along from programme let feedback do do largely positive.
Product multi-part informations is collected customer's consent and this is used authorisation -varaisesti to marketing.
Effective channel do e-mail.
Quite few customer do banned tuotetieto's use, Riitala says to Taloussanomat.
Him with Kesko not aim to react S-ryhmä's registration to change.
Kesko classifies habitue already plain ruokaostos along ten groups.
Rating is updated monthly.
Habitue is classified also purchases's number and to this used sum with.
Informations is used to customer kohdentaa to marketing.
Product multi-part purchase informations is collected only K-ryhmä from own chains.
Cooperation partners, like example Neste Oil not informations abandon.
Lidl Finland have not position customer programme nor such do in this set in suunnite.
in Suomen Lähikauppa do own Ace bonus position customer programme, to who you can to join in Choice houses, in Siwa also in Euro marketti.
not in this in moment collect product or product group from levels information, we pysyttäytyä kuitti sum in level.
Eli we know where in trade purchases make and what day and customer kuitti sum.
do not gone that to level than K-ryhmä or S-ryhmä, says commercial leader Anu Ora.
Him with position customer programme do purpose in follow-up to reform, but Bodega tells from matter late.
Ora non nevertheless promise, that tuotetieto go down to register.
Initially experiment
SOK's customer owner also customer register do do to this also until relative broad.
to Rudiments do heard person also address informations besides also profession, education, asumismuoto and children's syntymävuosi also early henkilötiedot.
Also to same economy audible persons and they's role do registered.
S-Etukorttiostosta do tape purchase day and -time, place, purchases's sum also payment way.
Addition S-bonuskumppaneiden informations do let this's till from systems.
May's start initially product level purchase informations is go down to deposit Sokos and Emotion-in chains.
Instead in marketti, in Prisms, Koti's Terra also ABC in chains informations is entered temporarily product group in level.
from Customers do already long while come wishes, that marketing butter turns precise, says SOK's customer owner also partner activity head Marjaana Saarikoski.
S-ryhmä says advertise from change to customers.
This they feel to ban product multi-part informations use's marketing.
Informations though they tallentua in tills each then, like such taikka no.
Happy can to check deposited information S-ryhmä's webpages.
For example tills do not reach to informations hands, stresses Saarikoski.
Tape: Date cub do with Tulla new dog confirmation - from cub comes first explosive dog
Black Labrador retriever's cub sniffs vigorously five to similar country to line set box in Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema.
does not go long neither, when the sits steadfastly medial box viereen.
Custom inspector Lassi Sexton rewards Date dogs leikittää that so favourite toy with.
from Box, who viereen Date sit, reveal purkillinen to gunpowder gas smelling shells.
Gunpowder gas do first smell, what Date with do now trained, tells Suntio, Date dog owner.
Security situation also Internet trade pääsyy
Date do with Tulla first weapons also explosive substances to search specialised dog and the is invested to work to Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema next year.
Duty assignment might to take Date and Suntio's need come also other also to point also to ports.
Airport comes though do Date capital job, when international security situation do in changed Europe pass serious terror attacks due to.
Paris and Brysseli's attacks they cause in Custom measures also attacks after monitoring do confirmed, says Tulli's administrator -mikko Grönberg.
Second pääsyy weapon also explosive dog nurture to <sg> Tulli's tasks do Helsinki share's period walking postilähetys.
Grown internet trade along airport via walks annually even 40 million postilähetys, who's number might do from foreign countries take weapon utensils also explosive substances.
Tulli do made past years in Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema Internet trade purchases, matkustajakone's imperial also lentorahti's number some 300 weapons, weapons's parts, to ampumatarvike also explosive -aineinen and this's lähtöaine related steal.
Date comes to work other in stave Helsinki-Vantaata.
The comes to examine listed imperial also postilähetys.
in Satama that do in the future big benefit, when the feels to work through big container regions and to spot regions, who they call precise research, says Grönberg.
Date's performance according to Tulli assesses is nurture weapon also explosive dogs more in future.
Grönberg look upon hopefully to drift.
Koulu in Kirkkonummi
Date cub education do in Kirkkonummi located Custom koirakoulu coordinate.
Suntio works kouluttautua Date as well also police also Armed forces's experts luona.
in Police do strong experience dogs nurture from <sg> also in Armed forces expertise explosive -aineinen.
Tulli to decide together other authorities as well what smells Date is taught to identify.
Date is jatkokouluttaa always need with, tells Grönberg.
Heila's colleagues Helsinki in share do Custom six huumekoira and money also huumekoira Bread.
Labrador retriever Date do elect ten puppies from litter.
to Airport fretful dog to choice criteria belonging alacrity also hunting drive, and peacefulness, when dog do in acts weapons, explosives also ihmisvirta with.
Suntio home living Date do tullitarkastaa to and adjacent workmate, but also family.
Mihinkään non free Date reach tent, Suntio laughs.
Subtle orders they go to Date destination from time laaki.
Ilta-Sanomat's cameraman loses to rapid dog camera's mike sheath, but Date restores from soft toy snazzy sheath right "loose"-from order.
from Working dog hard competition
Heila's alkukoulutus graduates next year.
in Ede do even tasokoe, next in October, in who is assessed do education doing to exigent duty assignment.
Date feels to see in duty assignment Helsinki in share next side year, if all goes plans with.
Passengers not alas you can to come to iron out work vests atop being dog, reminds Suntio.
One working dog costs do to custom some 60000-70000 euros in year.
This's työikä do some seven eight years, even ten, who's scent this they stay to pension owner to cares.
Workdays they feel do long also, eight ten hours, but active työosuus they take only ten minutes to couple to hour.
Working dog's owner do in Tulla hard competition.
Heila's owner apply some 20-30 Tulli worker.
Luck hit Suntio kohdalle, in who do not earlier do working dog, but in him do years's experience from dogs and from monitoring tasks in Tulla.
Tiny state let first olympiamitali - Kansa lets holiday
Less million inhabitants Fijian's olympiakulta rugbyssa is assessed in country so high, that government do imposed August 22. days national holiday.
Country's yleisradioyhtiö with Fiji's government strengthen matter's championship ratketa .
Holiday is lengthen team's homecoming next day.
to Hero team do in home in authorisation also solemnities.
Fiji's rugbyjoukkue celebrate championship.
The Guardian tells, that in country follow final in Capital in Suva, in who to stadium did erected screeni.
Normally only natiivi Fijian do interested rugbysta, but this game link multicultural community.
Even Chinese in restaurants watch game, I hear them supportive, say Fiji Times's journalist Maikele Seru to Guardian.
Drama in Rio - Finnish lifter conk hot performance to scent
Painonnnostaja Milko Tokola succeed in last company 175 kilograms hard fight to scent.
in Tokola do lifter special also life-threatening characteristic.
Rugged withdrawals during or right this's scent he do many repeats conk.
No one non with rights do can to say, that what.
Tokola let in Rio from push result 175 kilograms also from drive 145 kilograms.
He's yhteistulos did 320 kilograms.
Tokola tried to let push last 175 kilograms, like also second.
in Third company weights they soar hot roar <sg> accompany <sg>.
Body shook weights upon, <pr> jury adopted withdrawal.
Finnish lifter's pleasure accompanied the, that he do suffered from knee problems.
RoPS obtain virolainen aggressor Prosan - Wager league - Ilta-Sanomat
Men's football league playing Rovaniemi's Ball bee do made period finally sustainable agreement virolainen aggressor Albert Prosan with.
we Look to team kärkipelaaja, in who do effectivenesses and who's threshold to come to Finland and to Rovaniemi do small.
we Work over ten players agent as well through rich 50 players other from stave world.
Bit by bit from number began to excel good option Prosa, RoPS's coach Juha Malinen told in handout.
Prosa, 25, arrives to RoPS tallinnalaisesta from Flora, in who he make 109 matches all told 51 paints.
He do played also Estonia's national team.
Prosan do number do RoPS aboard already Saturday in Seinäjoki, in who rovaniemeläinen they face governing Finnish champion SJK:n.
to RoPS come need to new aggressor, when past period's paint king Aleksandr Kokko move to Australia.
Buxom Modern Family -aster kohauttaa again: teen aster shorts they reveal nigh all
Modern Family -comedy series good Alex Dunphyna familiar come Ariel Winter to räväyttää again by presenting buxom body.
Winter describe in Hollywood in this in week tiny in shorts, who do not leave paljoa imagination on.
Shorts they reveal except actor's feet also this's back.
18 -year-old Winter do past times raised attention by changing style also from use considerably bold.
Tähti do posture in social media publication in pictures very in little cloths also taken lukuinen tattoos.
Nascent woman do also seen attire very to scarce garb.
Adulthood's threshold being Winter do published past times also multiple pictures automatically celebrating.
If picture does not show, can to look so hence.
Prior this summer Fox New<sg> asked from experts, what Winter do resettled fame to picture with this radicalize.
Then PowerwomenTV:'s foundress also president Amy Palmer suspect, that in Winter do in visit "typical Hollywood-muodonmuutos" from child aster adult.
He do do in television nigh totally life also grown Kardashianeiden in era.
He do oppinut, that what more says naked surface, such more fame also attention in Hollywood you let, Palmer says Fox Newsille and increases, that exactly same phenomenon do seen myriad times before also.
Winter start Modern Family -in series olessaan just 11 -year-old.
Actor do närkästyttää part from long-term fans in image change.
do not difficult to guess, in what he do ten years from end, when descent do now already some hard, posits some woman Winter's Instagram.
Part woman's fans instead apologizes actor and to urge do in spite of from criticism.
you Say posh!
Hard same what other they say.
Are inspiration to many to women, anneal nascent woman.
Japanese they like from Pohjoismaa preferably to Finland - tourists is attracted in aurora borealis: Autumnal do enable to see fabulous mirror aurora
Campaign's purpose do to attract japanese to start aurora borealis ways already from alkusyksy, Visit Finland tells in handout.
Japanese aurora borealis tourism's end targets do Inari and Levi.
Aurora borealis do talvimatkailu trump, and this is linked heavily to sydäntalvi also to snowy landscapes.
Sami hibernal aurora borealis in ways do very demand, but we try now to increase autumn's ways sale.
scarce knows, that aurora borealis season begin already from early autumn and continues afar to spring.
Autumnal do possibility to see niin sanottu mirror aurora, in who lake's surface reflects aurora borealis make from vision double kerroin fabulous, tells in handout Visit Finland vt. markkinointipäällikkö Anne Lind.
Visit Finland's aurora borealis campaign's end target audience do wealthy 25-35 -year-old, in city they live japanese women, who they stargaze from tourism also from new experiences.
They do already valmiiksi from interested Finland, its you adumbrate and designista.
Tourists is attracted to Finland inter alia online in advertising.
Aalto-yliopisto and Marketplace and Tokyo's universities researchers actualise questionnaire along in Finland do exceptional strong also positive country picture japanese within against to other Pohjoismaa.
Japanese they need though clear unique sights from Finland, also here in aurora borealis do Lindi along huge potential.
Japanese tourists's night-stop do in grown Finland other Pohjoismaa palpably more.
Past year heh they doss in Finland over tuplasti more like in Sweden, Tanskanen or in Norway.
Japanese do Finnish's tourism according target audience interesting, that heh they use over 80 million euros in Finland.
On average japanese they use in Finland 183 euros dinner, Lind says.
Britain resigns to rugger silver Fidin organise champion course lead to gold
Great Britain affecting proceed in rugger tourney collapse Fidzin to present to last challenge torstai-ilta's final, when team experience 43-7 whitewash Deodoron in stadium here in Rio.
Fidzi organise champion course in treatment, in demolitions, in parry, in support game, in strain lines also in pure force overcome gold-plate - them first olympiamitali.
Loss along with come reasonable solace from silver medal - Britain's day third - and heh they let do proud from hard work Olympian's rugger in start tourney, who's link heh they overcome New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier same day played semi hard 7-5 awards from South Africa might to eat on them in final.
But from this regardless Fidi is here alright superior albeit 15 spirits super -kuntoinen team.
Great Britain butter maybe - but apparently no - console the, that anyway one limey do tomorrow gold medal in neck: Fidin coach do Ben Ryan, English former boss Wimbledonista.
Great Britain's way do do considerable.
Eight years ago heh Ryan coach <sg> they lose everyone's game Adelaide's tourney.
Here heh they lose only an.
This lurch happens, but development do striking.
Fidi start splendidly reject Great Britain's tackle fun's flow.
Captain Tom Mitchellille alongside team this did than heh they do run square mobile autobus, also world champion they lead 5-0 so to scent, when Osea Kolinisau plummet in kulmaus to goalmouth.
When in clock did four minutes, Jerry Tuwain second touchdown right aside led to conversion.
12-0, and Great Britain did hädin tuskin concerned to ball.
Mitchellin shining tackle stopped man mountain Leone Nakarawan make third paint, but the did Fidille only brake.
Seven minutes instead Jasa Veremalua made paint in right corner, and Great Britain did 17-0 losses.
Nakarawa made again paint from new start, also in clock did yet left over minute...first half.
Its's scent Vatemo Ravouvou crashed through Great Britain from loose tackle and dart to line to make paint.
Conversion's scent commission to break go did 29-0.
Said hard that, than Fidi is born to play rugbya, when again Great Britain only learn game.
Also so matter from right do also.
Great Britain make in break wads changes, who they lug Fidin dam...entire four minutes, each to first half against did with goods, <pr> Josu Tuisova made paint Fidin impressive syöttöpeli to scent.
Dan Norton grabbed to Great Britain paint make touchdownin in left kulmaus and taper situation's numbers 36-7, but game did already long do lost South sea's islanders, who's supporters they sing, they wave flags also dancing in stands.
Did difficult do admire Fidin jubilant approach.
Meadow fescue Viliame past moment's paint did topping Fidin in cake, each non topping needed.
to Whistle whistled, fidiläiset they hug and Great Britain fell to sward, all struck.
Earlier same day Fidi did striked/struck Japan's semi 20-5, and Great Britain overcame South Africa in strict semi, in who kumpikin made one paint - Britain's conversion solved game.
Kyle Brown took South Africa johtoon in first half, but Dan Norton exceeded goalmouth in stunning footwork and made paint's maalipylväs less in second half.
Could late tackle Marcus from Watson, English 15-aside-rugbyjoukkue's Anthony from brother, ensure award also finally silver medal.
Coach's fight to eating only siivittää Helen Gloverin and Heather Stanningin to rowing award
in This in games does not come do feelings agitating gold-plate, and the in truth also means something.
First vetos last, 220 rugged tug toward historiankirja, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning they find from golden moment Estacio da in Lagoa deep essence.
Without heh they row together, in boat did three votes. Coach Robin Williams's echo did present whole I lead, when twosome whisk second to successive olympiakulta women's couple in competition - first women Britain's sport in historiankirja, who they reach to such achievement.
They's management did complete, and this indeed did also them 39. appearances invincible, which cheque do record.
This, what we see, two aureate athlete skim pinnalla swan's gracility, non full reflect award's nature.
Everyone's rowing in golden background do group helpful käsipari, who they promote gradually this matters, in who do essence. Nor none käsipari did as essential Kui coach, each non 30 months now cancer diagnosis let knew, lives he here to day until.
Like he say, mode did täpärä.
in Me did urinary bladder eating, which do one edit from being matters, and heh they engage cut.
If heh do not cut, the spreads anywhere.
Mode is felt do quite evil.
The changes slightly to line.
Williams let diagnosis's December 2013. 
Trios did fortunate that, that he's treatment can to start year 2014 early outside period, when this they caused possible a bit disruption - if such expression can ages to use in tämänkaltainen situations.
Me must to let salary, ergo me must to improve swiftly.
The encouraged me.
with Shoulders in hospital and I walked around department - 20, 30, 50 feet in time, when heh they said, that few step does.
with This the began.
Sculling itsessään do way, but the makes thence slightly big.
Immediately award after first couple in drift did Williams, in who did do nervous morning, and he did spoken slightly ordinary more try to wield own hermostus.
Stanning, Afghanistan's secondment experienced captain royal artillery from regiment, say: "Do do feeling ruin in this in week, which can maybe do slightly overreaction, but this means to me so far".
The or emphasise that, how important this do to me, how hard what and Helen, and Robin also, do worked.
Worn three years Helen and Robin with do did eminent.
But Robin do not nothing, ergo to him belonging great thanks, he do world best coach.
do not felt to imagine better practice partner or better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning do not lost competition five beds.
Couple saucer rugged rhythm, to who they's competitor do not reach.
Even last 500 -metri also, when New Zealand and Denmark's teams began to approach, Stanningilla and Gloverilla did too far energy in stock.
Did very drawn in moment.
Helen shouted "you remain in process, you remain in process".
Do most important must kontrolli.
in Mei did good start, and not to same time tried to make nothing special.
do not look today fireworks, we aspire only to good rowing also game's conquering, and with this we made.
Couple expects year, beforehands decides from future.
Glover participates next in moon to bridal, when he goes married tv set adventurer Steve Backshallin with.
Just now he likes or to enjoy from moment.
"do not like to say, that this do last competition.
The is assigned too far pressures.
London's scent take some six months to realise, that did olympiavoittaja.
All did so new also with shoulders with this stressaantua.
Here the took some four minutes.
This seems so far better", he say.
Iceland exchanges Panama leakage wallow government's
Iceland to organise in October premature parliament elections, who Panama tietovuoto madden <pl> demonstrators they call already in spring.
Niin sanottu Panama papers they reveal multiple islantilainen politicians take in taxes tax haven's aid.
Chancellor Sigmundur David Gunnlaugssonin differ scandal's flow, but the does not do to demonstrators.
He's successor Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson promise then to organise new parliament elections in autumn.
Polling day do now determined October 29. 
Analysts with do difficult to predict, how much Kansa viimekeväinen fury affects autumn's vaalitulos.
in June in presidential election criticality to valtaapitävä point show palpably, also president elect policy ulkopuolelta to condition settled Gudni Johannesson.
Trump say do sarcastic claim Obama Isisin foundress
United states republicans's presidential candidate Donald Trump withdraw last stir speeches.
He say do sarcastic claim, that sitting president Barack Obama is FTO Isisin foundress also democrat candidate Hillary Clinton also participant organisation to startup.
Democrat party flip from speeches and call apology from Trump.
Army's pendragon not must never to allow no one, each you can to sink some downwards, Clinton tviittasi.
in Etelä-Ranska Cannes's mayor do banned Muslims favour concealing burkini-swimsuit's use in plage, tells inter alia limey leaf Guardian.
Mayor David Lisnardin signing in decision is posited, that to shores and to swim meneminen do banned from all, who have not good way also secularism respectful swimsuit.
in Decision is said also, that uima garb, who expansive sti they express religious linkages, they feel to increase järjestyshäiriö in risky France, each do do terroristihyökkäys's target.
July halfway 85 humans die also hundred aggrieve in Nice, when 31 -year-old man lead France's kansallispäivä exult to hive.
finally July two end organisation Isisiin coupled man attack to church Pohjois- in France and kill over 80 -year-old priest.
Oulu's region uima waters's quality pass sieve - in Pyykösjärvi nostoc nebula
Oulu's region from official plage moved vesinäyte meeting uima to water set laatuvaatimus.
Only Pyykösjärvi in plage do detected nostoc nebula.
Oulu's region environment action take Tuesday also Wednesday during vesinäyte Oulu's region in region located nine EU from shore also 30 other from general plage.
Meriniemi's shore lukuun ottamatta all's plage uima waters's E.coli- also intestine -peräinen enterokokki bacteria's concentrations they underquote sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö's decrees given measure borders.
Meriniemi's plage water's E.coli- also enterokokki concentrations ensure Wednesday, when bacteria concentrations did set less measure borders.
Pyykösjärvi's plage detected nostoc nebula non even make from water uintikelvoton, but in suotuinen circumstances mode feels to change swiftly also nostoc bloom, when to vedenpinta forms sinivihreä alga mass ferries.
Environment action bee situation tihentää with inspections.
If nostoc nebula changes nostoc bloom, from matter is informed separately also plage's notice board.
you Look uima vesinäyte's results hence.
MTK's Hakkarainen forest gift from reduction: Over 80 points from timberman outside
Forest gift reduction do one tax change treasury next year's budget in proposal.
to Income tax laws is proposed deduction, each grant metsätila's sukupolvenvaihdos gift tax according to.
Valtiovarainministeriö's motion forest gift in reduction do four objectives: promotes metsätila's sukupolvenvaihdos, rejuvenates timberman's ikärakenne, increases metsätila size and to increase tree's presentation.
Ministry's objective do to promote from entrepreneur hills forestry.
Timberman makes reduction's forestry from clean capital gain.
On the whole drift that, that is made such tool, in who is promoted metsätila's sukupolvenvaihdos, do good, you comment Country also forestry producers keskusliitto (MTK) forest leader Juha Hakkarainen.
Hakkarainen though finds whip tax from change motion.
Forest gift reduction is presented task timberman from clean capital gain.
The do capital gain, from who do diminished all other reductions away.
MTK and Hakkarainen according deduction's impressiveness do great, if reduction's butter to make directly tree's sale result.
VM's motion is left that, by making reduction forestry from clean capital gain is prevented the, that so according to comes forestry's capital gain loss, each comes reducible in other taxation.
Such person lets tax benefit, albeit non pood sell neither.
Calculation model do unnecessary complex.
Average timberman does not can that to perceive, Hakkarainen says.
Besides model concerns him with only small can from timberman.
Metsä's tuottoarvo bound deduction border do in motion 40,000 euros.
The do carried Hakkarainen according too high.
Such the trims him with 82 points from Finnish timberman away reduction's circle.
Model's be impact some 10 points forest owner hill, he says.
in VM is looked, that border guarantees tilakoko's cultivation objective.
in Metsäpolitiikka forest gift reduction do crank Hakkarainen along decades.
So in background do timberman municipality ageing.
MTK along timberman's middle age do in this in moment over 60 years, also from timberman some half do pensioner.
Strong hailstorm surprise automobilist in Himanka - two cars precipitate to ditch and ram to another
Kalajoki's Himanka happen special peräänajo on Friday in forenoon.
Rescue installation along two successively lead car precipitate to ditch, who after after come ram precede lead to truth.
Supervise palomestari Harri Pyyhtiä along to ditch precipitation is suspected stem from strong hailstorm.
Taka lead in car did two persons, who both transported to hospital to treatment.
They's injury do not precise information.
in Ede lead car driver does not aggrieve.
Accident happen in highway 8 Himanka few's kilometre to Kalajoki with ends.
Finnish research oh to help to refine cancer treatments work
Turun yliopisto's researchers crisp tutkimustulos can to help to develop cancer treatments former effective.
Academy professor Johanna Ivaskan tutkimusryhmä make findings they show, that malignant neoplasm's hardness more eating malignancy.
Many human's tissues, like pap tissue, do very soft, also tissue you solua growing ordinary -wise in such environment.
Ivaskan along eating growth can to prevent in laboratory circumstances by restoring eating surrounding tissue to respond normal, soft tissue.
In the future eating lääkehoito effectiveness might to can to improve by focusing in treatment cancer cell besides cells also ambient tissue to intermediate interaction.
Tutkimustulos do published 4. Augusts solubiologia begin in arvostettu Nature Communications -in leaf.
Muhos's perhekoti kill's threshing continues in court, prosecutor calls murder conviction also to second factor
Muhos's perhekoti kill's threshing continues in court both doomed behalf.
Two nascent man condemn in June to durance in Muhos make perhekoti from kill.
Second let 8 years 4 months inter alia nascent person make from kill also from gross robbery.
Second judgment do 12 years durance nascent person make from murder also from gross robbery.
from Kill convict let judgment also gross liikenneturvallisuus endanger from <sg> nascent person also vehicle's transport without right nascent person.
Court's judgment they complain prosecutor, complainants also strict judgment let man.
Prosecutor calls lenient penalty let man blameable nascent person make from murder 12 years to internment.
Did action in moment in full understanding
Court along 17 -year-old stripling they killed borstal's lastensuojelu unit's director labor man past year's July.
Murder conviction let 17 -year-old attacked judgment's reasons along behind bedsitter's sofa sit director kimppuun.
Director did reached from grip loose also walked to nascent room, when from second lines striked/struck tail in vacuum's pipeline.
Director also inter alia throttle lead by, striked/struck and scuff to end.
Mielentilatutkimus with both condemned did action in moment in full understanding.
Right along nascent did planned flight from perhekoti anyway from previous day from.
Jäähai do world long-lived vertebrate, increases just 156 -year-old
World pisin live vertebrate do make sure jäähai, tells Science-in leaf published research.
Atlantic's northern part like Grönlanti ympärillä swimming jäähai therefore holkeri can to live even 400 -year-old.
Female increases just 156 -year-old.
Jäähai's life addition the, that the grows or's centimetre in year.
Only some's shellfish ilk is known live jäähai long.
Researchers they let age selville in carbon dating.
1950 figures make ydinkoe due to in something in sharks did radioactive remnant.
This according to researchers they can to assess sharks's age.
Old age assessed 392 years - all right shot I direct or to another oh do even 120 years.
Donald Trump economy wise - Kansa's news
Donald Trump's America non other world need.
Even third state kaikista from tax income stays let, if Donald Trump lead change to company tax is actualise.
Tax income they sink also particularly most rich subserve tax benefit along.
Trump describe to tax programme revolutionary present such Monday in Detroit.
Company tax dip 35 points 15 points.
Collect stays most soaring amount, 1,000 milliard dollars in year.
Ylin income tax point do now 39.6, Trump present discount after 33. 
Estate tax abandon size.
Trump accuse state business from glut regulation also pienyritys's driving to bankruptcy.
Hätikkä determined environment standards do setting uusiksi also energy area säätely dismantling.
Barack Obama's health care reform do taking to new treatment.
to Administration do appointing "experts bureaucrats's place".
"Disastrous" trade policy do Trump along United states's problems great reasons.
from Vapaakauppasopimus declare loose.
to Import from China slap 45 points and from Mexico 35 points penalty tax.
we Offer new future.
Americanism, non globaalisuus, do profession, Trump declare.
Donald Trump's America non other world need:
American cars they come to lead in streets, American aircraft to link cities, American ships to monitor in seas, American steel to raise anywhere in country new skyscrapers.
from Ways digress Trump read faithfully through assistants write speech, you sire also regardless, that good you organize protests they suspend so 14 times.
Economists - also republicans around being - they see Trump's programme motorial U.S. deep to economic recession.
Hillary Clinton free own programme earliest Friday Finland's time.
Tsunami from past - Kansa's news
Sea myllertää disastrously, but actual tsunami hits midst Madrid's street bustle - account past with oh begin.
That tiivistetysti Pedro Almodóvarin novelty's story core.
Almodovarin previous steering work Way lovers (2013) did pikku funny and ronskinpuoleinen satirical comedy, that preceding Skin in who I live (2011) Spanish master's career super.
Tier llinen sti Julie (2016) locates to something those together work's lag.
The do conventional clear love, human relationship also family drama, who's centre do mother also daughter's relation.
Tari do simppeli and is seen much long throwback.
Life affects in being model middle-aged nimihenkilö (Emma Suarez) instead, but ago all threatens to lose it.
Random incidence in jälkimaininki new inamorato (Dario Grandi Internet) lets do ihmeissään always film's loppumetri until.
Throwback also formally long letter Julie you repeat life stages adult to grown daughter.
He starts from time before daughter's birth, minute, when meet this future father (Daniel Grao).
Even as second woman to nub soar Julietaa nascent teacher presenting Adraina Ugarte, tv set from familiar series Seam intermediate time (2013-2014).
Julietan ageing do settled in way, who can must kökkö, but self I say, that quite jovially also literally in time shaving.
Almodóvar-to films often so characteristic räiskyä uus always humour along Julietassa do fair distance.
The do tasavahvasti staged, low-key, paikka paikoin good music containing also rather sad film, in who such do materials to elegy.
Instead Spanish to director typical visual intensity do tallella and so, that the begin to put little quietly silmään more also clean muotoseikka like live dramatic device.
Film's persons trying diseases, deaths or apropos only sudden losses, but surface remains as gaudy.
This holds particularly puvustukseen: then nimihenkilö you live segue from scene to another, also same holds to snazzy korvis.
Almodóvar do in this in matters precise, but thing live kulloinen also scene's viritelmä non hereof special koheta.
Mechanically repeat impression do nonsubjective also a bit lifeless.
Almodóvar do made script's literature in Nobel 2013 bountied Canadian Alice Munron three novellas pohjalta.
Novellas do in published work Fugitive: Write up.
Almodóvar do focused to dialog, result do slightly tasapaksu written literature filmatisointi.
Materials is do emotionaalisesti uncomparably robust also to drama, sen verran big matters - notably nag guilt - pic's thematics wield.
Steering also script: Pedro Almodóvar.
Bases Alice Munron three novellas.
in Nub: Emma Suarez, Adriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandi Internet.
Film's premiere do 12.8.
Government tries election wile - Kansa's news
New cuts does not make, din ministers, that fundament Finnish do not collapse totaalisesti.
in Spring determined cuts though is made raft.
New cuts does not come.
Already determined four milliard savings they do.
So they assure chancellor Juha Sipilä (kesk.) also state treasurer Petteri Orpo (kok.) bugdet session upon.
Shall places on that in mind, that VM's motion do not new cuts, when social security's cuts decide already spring's case in threshing.
Lapsilisä, kansaneläke, unemployment's perusturva also nigh all other also to kansaneläke index bound etuisuus is cut 0.85 points.
Ansiosidonnainen työttömyysturva duration shortens 500 dinners 400.
Education cuts they continue.
Municipality elections they haunt
Why ministers emphasise with this hanakasti just that, that this's end does not make new cuts?
When next year do vaalivuosi.
Municipality elections is lengthen in April and this do vaalikausi important thermometer, not galluppi.
Before also do seen, that hallituspuolue other to directions taking municipality vaalitulos spoils government's ambiance long time.
Gallup though telling, that hallituspuolue fundament Finnish expects rout, albeit so previous elections result did to eduskuntavaali against call 12.3 points.
Perussuomalaiset let four years now 752 new valtuutettu, from who to great part next spring realisoitua in oikeistohallitus influence <sg>'s price.
Three approximately as great party government's railroad vine do so varassa, that fundament Finnish nerve takes.
Now the do not taken, instead over puolet party cast let tarpeeksi from government policy already first year during.
First signs also party's party from fermentation do come to surface.
New cuts does not come -in rhetoric firstly also is obscured such fact, that next year this is made furiously also second is tried to soften fundament Finnish pregnant attack.
Suur cuts year 2018?
Year kuluttua all do likely I bring - if Sipilä's government do on erect.
Government do assigned objective debt's refraction in this in vaalikausi, but Petteri Orpo's budjettiesitys debt is taken next year 5.9 milliard euros therefore more than this year.
Municipality elections after in government do two options.
First do to raise hands pystyyn already vaalikausi's middle and to grant, unless not government erect to comply bears to programme: chalk up does not refract nor even slow up.
Second do must drawn from programme.
The means former atop to renew yet still hard cuts year 2017 bugdet session.
Budget mash anyway near balance year 2018 during also now in spring is taken in eduskuntavaali to only the, what comes.
in This in actions debt does not refract
Do all clear, that in current actions chalk up does not refract, without Juha Sipilä how tries lietso positive ambiance.
Valtiosihteeri Martti Hetemäki's budget tiedostustilaisuudessa present käyrä they prove so unarguably:
Global economy's growth forecasts do repeatedly proved over optimistic therefore vetoapu from international economy does not come.
Finland's economic science is not stub risen year 2008 get meltdown after except temporarily 2010 figures in start drilled resuscitation policy during.
Unemployment do in this in decade augmented 35 points also protracted on average 34 54 weeks.
Unemployment pays now three milliard euros in year more like year 2008. 
Hetemäki exhibit in <pl> käyrä julkisyhteisö debt, each exceed 60 points border year 2014, soar next decade halfway 70 points.
Which do responsible?
in Spring 2015 lefts union present debt resuscitation reject, since that lengthen irresponsible.
Next year unemployment's maintenance pays some six milliard euros, each is covered virtually totally new debt by taking.
This do centre, coalition also fundament Finnish idea that, which do responsible.
Query: to Kunni is liked to leave far tasks
Three four looks, that children's daycare, nuorisotyö also exercise's organisation they hear municipality's responsibility, works known TWO - Municipal area development foundation's research.
Clear majority from Kansa scroll responsibility to individual municipality also from libraries, from culture, from kansalaisopisto, from rakennusvalvonta, from high education and from trash pickup.
Maakunta's responsibility for one is liked selvimmin province zoning, erikoissairaanhoito, vocational education, polytechnics also kehitysvammainen laitoshoito.
Nothing municipalities's order in responsibility from being tasks not to like transfers to state.
Underage rattijuoppo run pursuit päätteeksi police karkuun
Joensuulainen 16 -year-old motorcyclist lead police squad karkuun in Joensuu Ilomantsintiellä Friday night side one time.
Police squad try to stop free egad lead motorcycle, but nascent man leave to lead police karkuun fair speeding.
Pursuit continue Sonkajanrannantielle, from who on Oppression's cornfield to road also to small metsätie, in who motorcycle drift out from road.
Even this after nascent man leave run karkuun, but to fast-footed poles run fugitive drawn.
to Driver made blowing test show 0.75 permille.
in Him did not neither driving license, each do justified in motorcycle driving.
Case is examined inter alia gross liikenneturvallisuus endanger <sg>.
in Stone load do rig fall to ditch
in Stone load do rig fall to ditch in Polvijärvi in Curette road torstai-ilta clock 21.15 times.
Rig did drifted left in incurvate elbow out tieltä also fallen to side to ditch.
Rescue installation raised hurt driver away from casualty rig above stay door via together rescue helicopter staff also paramedical with.
Vehicle's boost stayed car's owner task.
from Casualty rig drained tielle hydrauliöljyä who's rescue installation soaked to peat.
to Polish examines accident's reason.
Elderly woman disappear in afternoon in Ilmajoki
87 -year-old woman do do from afternoon until in catboat Ilmajoki's Lahdenkylä in Etelä-Pohjanmaa.
to Polish looks some 165 centimetres long, slim also hyväryhtinen woman, in who do white chin less swept hairs.
Findings also clues from missing movements is asked to call Pohjanmaa's situation centre's clue to number 0295440513. 
Calamities materials in air - you look picture gallery Parafestin from destructions
Parafest-festivals's tents down lunge flow cause voluminous destructions.
Joensuu Parafestyhdistyksen president Arto Pippuri assesses, that festival reaches economically noble, also happen can to organise also next year.
Parafestin last performer Kalle Salonen appear Friday evening päätteeksi in agora blade.
On Saturday programme continues city theatre's modes lengthen in motions clock 13 begin.
Art centre in Furnace do Parafest-exhibit clock 13-15.
Programme is organised suunnitellusti.
Lunge flow rises in thundercloud, when rainwater also so weight they launch down airflow.
Thundercloud's water state's changes sitova heat, also näin ollen down air mass cools also so momentum toward to bed heat up.
Meteorology's installation is told, that lunge flows appears in Finland multiple summer during.
Lunge flows route do difficult to predict.
Lunge flow hit Parafestin locale do Estuary art museum's backyard on Friday iltapäivällä before five.
Three tents fall to kumo, in tents did all told some 200 humans.
in Accident insult self laxly four persons.
in Jouko did one child, each transported laxly to hurt jatkohoito.
Air pollution vanhentaa Londoners
Research along Londoners's skin expire ordinary rapid.
Reason skin's ageing do air pollution.
from Limey research tells Evening Standard.
British skincare company Caci analyse London free toxic pitch particulate and this's impacts to skin.
Results they show, that many eläkeikäinen Londoner skin do two also half years old than even in country livable ikätoveri.
Skin vanhentaa pitch particulate do very fine dust pollution, each do from traffic's fuels.
Same particulate they cause also respiratory illness, to who dies Evening Standard along nigh 9,500 Londoners each leak.
in Researches do detected, that particulate do tarpeeksi to dice pass skin uttermost floor.
Cacin in research see, that early ageing do risky notably to this to Londoners, who they walk commute walk ruuhkainen streets in proximity.
London's inhabitants they feel to try to suojautua from air pollution for example in different masks, but practical solution is recommended regular skin refinement.
Tractor's brakes they deceive - topple front stand man
Man did shuffle in pihapiiri stones in tractor.
When he did from risen tractor away also history to work its front, tractor's brakes they deceived also tractor drained man's end.
Man does not stay its under, but tractor got though to topple man sen verran, that they transported to central hospital to follow-up researches seriously hurt.
Tractor does not get to drain long, that the ram front do to stones.
Riento new voimin to future period
Volleyball's Championship in league playing joensuulainen League riento leaves in October go on to series from better bases like miesmuistiin.
Team do do cumulous already soon three weeks.
Common note finds in certainty better like previous periods, when series's starts do did to Riento dark.
Riento's coach continuing Jani Säisä praises new team enterprising also solid.
Foreign from trio keski torjuja Fred Muso starts in Riento second period.
New faces do 23 -year-old Murangwa Nelson and Hiago Garchet.
Rwanda's national team appeared Nelson do 205 -senttinen hakkuri.
Garchet do accordingly passari, in Brazilian do measures 198 cents.
Josban, Kataja also River boys period USA's national team
Gift Jumppanen do played nigh in all salibandy's M.M. in games from year 2003 begin.
Now in Tampere do going already kuudes games, only 2013 stay to lag Canada do better North America in comb-out.
Was in Marketplace in works and playing sikäläinen women in bee, when I told announcement.
USA did establishing salibandy's national team.
I Turn to also here such now do, Jumppanen, 48, says.
Jumppanen rise year 1967 near New York Elizabeth's city.
Family muutti to Helsinki girl do year old.
Year 1987 Jumppanen reach Estuary's university to study data processing.
When I come to Joensuu, with this such ilk non even in SM level play like salibandy.
Floorball play in university.
I Play in Raetam basketball also in late Jokipojat ice hockey in SM series, Jumppanen remembers.
Jumppanen play university's bee salibandy's SM series period 1991-92, they follow three periods wear Josbassa.
Playing alongside he coach bee's A girls to championship.
Women SM-sarjaura culminate to silver 1995.
All Jumppanen play women's SM in series 10 periods, balance accumulate 169 matches 51+34=85.
Last SM period do 2001-2002.
Perttu Scrub and Tatu Väänänen name to national team
Joensuulainen salibandy bee Josban fosterling Perttu Scrub also enolainen -lähtöinen Tatu Väänänen elect with Finland's national team, each you play Tshekki's Brno EFT-in tourney 6.-8. Novembers.
in Helsinkiläinen Set attacking 25 -year-old Perttu Scrub do played this before moon men's national match, in who to him do accrued coupling tehopiste 9+4=13.
Sveitsiläinen Wiler-Ersigenin 32 -year-old defender Tatu Väänänen do toipunut shank from effort also belonging national team's vakiokalusto 117 national match in experience.
to National team name also Seinäjoki's Game brothers's oldtimer player Mika Kohonen, each see Finland in shirt previous once past December's M.M. in games.
Salibandy national team coach moves kontiolahtelainen Petri Kettunen.
Beach volley -master Essi Hasu's circle closes to Kouvola - SM golden lacks from trophy case
Essi Hasu do stopping beach volley -player anyway temporarily consumable period to scent.
Beach volleyn Finland's championships is solved weekend Kouvola's Sport park.
Three days during from medals is played and adult that in nascent series.
in Cooperation Kouvola's Lentopalloilija and Suomen Lentopalloliitto to organise SM-finaaliturnaukseen is accepted each's series ranking six best couple.
Local colour in tourney front Elimäki's NMKY fosterling Essi Hasu, each do heard Finland beach volley -to super already multiple year I lead.
Now in Helsing living Hasu to expect innolla games I tutua public front.
Hopefully possible many reaches weekend to stand.
to Baseball stadium do certainly in income fine arena.
do not in adult series such in multiple Kouvola play neither, ergo do fine to play in finals in kotikulma, Hasu tunnelmoida.
Kouvola's region light Hasu's spark to sport and give good rations to fine hobby.
from Childhood do in mind very memories.
I Start volleyball 9 -year-old Elimäki NMKY's E in girls.
Päällimmäinen do in mind too big pelipaita, in ankles they spin knee protections and soaring ace cries also choreographies point's scent, Hasu recalls.
in Small paikkakunta urheiluseura did close community, in who all they knew other.
Ryhmä's esprit de corps created environment, in who did nice to play.
All's families did heavily in activity along with - team lad father coached us and we's mother did long bee's president.
Essi to Hasu beach volley did already juniori time natural ilk choice sisä volleyball's counterweight.
Käyrälampi's plage do played biitsiä already 1990 figures.
Käyskillä activity do always do from aktiivat.
I Work also self following juniori's SM tour's part competitions think, that any day I do self there playing.
Now this dreaming happens, when Hasu plays weekend together pieksämäkeläinen Anniina Parkkinen as well in SM finals.
Riikka Lehtonen also Saga Lahti after in tourney second rank twosome objective do clear.
Realistic objective in us do medal.
SM golden from us lacks even from trophy case, Hasu shy enigmatically.
Weekend's appearance in Kouvola might do to Hasu last I tutua public front.
September early pregnant new challenges civilian work parissa.
Yes international career by do Kisakallio's tourney to scent.
Apropos also thong is put to nail anyway temporarily, Hasu plans.
Lunge flow down tents in vammainen event in Estuary, calamity did around
Lunge flow down three tents vammainen Parafest-in festivals in Joensuu.
Newspaper Karjalainen along four persons aggrieve in accident.
One children transported to jatkohoito to hospital.
Karjalainen along in tents did all told some 200 persons.
Together in big tent did underway motion.
Two tents did small.
Accident happened on Friday clock 17. 
Karjalainen interview supervising palomestari Markus Viitaniemi tells to leaf, that in situation did materials to calamity.
Lehti along event's follow-up do in knife-edge.
First line place Los Angelsin Central Libraryn to posh architecture
Learn more centre's Central Library -library's history, when Society of Architectural Historians -organisation Southern California Chapter hosts from kokoontuma Arnold Schwartzmanin and Stephen Geen with. They do crisp "Los Angeles Central Library: A His Tory of its Art and Architecture" -book's authors.
Programme with Gee and Schwartzman they discuss also sharing pictures Bertram Goodhuen year 1926 plans, with same than Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associatesin year 1993 restorations also from annex.
Meet is lengthen August 21. days o'clock 14-16 Salle Modernessa Art Deco Southwestern School of Law -in school (former Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants they reach to round to centre foyer, tyylikausi -huoneinen, to cactus parlor also to teahouse.
Advance flag is called: 15 dollars SAH/SCC-to limbs, 25 dollars ei to limbs.
Open, industrial attic DTLA:ssa experiences intimate transformation
Los Angeles's Central Libraryn 90. birthdays is celebrated, in what in other neither like in new book
Solomonic Koli leave pluckily maatalousyrittäjä
Agriculture yrittäjyys means risks' shots, sweat also gumption.
Nascent agriculturist, Solomonic Koli, 25, take maatalousyrittäjä, since he believes to positive future also in country.
Koli start soon two years now together little brother Valtteri with Kola as well activity they's kotitila adulterator.
They's father Markus Koli to help and advises veljekset own experience along.
Country entrepreneur entry mean debt's shot also tilakoko's augmentation, that bread butter to come to hand from agriculture.
This do do from pikkupoika until the I's stuff.
Do always touhuta in mind in farm, also now when I start self entrepreneur, with this do put all's game.
If something starts, with this from mind the must to make tosissaan also in order.
Year 2013 we leave to build cowshed shed, also initially bank neither did not from enthusiastic matter.
Lähti self though most pluckily along to project and do do on that to the hilt along with, Solomonic Koli tells and increases, that do not taken to action, if in him do not to believe clean Finnish food to induction and that, that all turns even good.
Meat's cars enhancive Solomonic Koli's objective do to invest even to big shed.
Work do produced print, that Solomonic Koli do elect ten best along Country's Future -leaf nascent food producer's competition.
Currently he competes from possible award.
Him reaches to vote leaf's web page 21.8. until.
Bulgaria announces from inflation first once eight months
National statistics showing, that inflation in Bulgaria did 1%<sent><sg><nom> in July.
This do with corks read to years (June 2012 scents) also first rating love above past year's October to scent, when announce positive 0.2%<sent><sg><nom>.
Annual average inflation, who is measured in cost-of-living index, did last 12 months during -0.8%<sent><sg><nom> (August 2015 - July 2016), when that is compared anterior 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
July 2016 cost-of-living index did 101.0%<sent><sg><nom> against to June 2016, lived monthly inflation did 1.0%<sent><sg><nom>.
Year's start (July 2016 against to December 2015) inflation point do do -0.2%<sent><sg><nom>, also annual inflation in July 2016 did -0.2%<sent><sg><nom> against to July 2015.
Against to previous month, in July 2016 next consumable in price saw rise: foodstuffs also alcohol-free float (1.7%<sent><sg><nom>), traffic (1.8%<sent><sg><nom>), leisure also culture (6.3%<sent><sg><nom>), restaurants also hotels (1.2%<sent><sg><nom>), mixed goods also services (0.3%<sent><sg><nom>).
Prices they dip in cloths also in footwears (2.2%<sent><sg><nom>), kaluste, taloustarvike also routine maintenance (0.5%<sent><sg><nom>), health (0.1%<sent><sg><nom>).
Prices they remained previous moon as well in same level liquors also tobacco, abidance, water, electricity, gas also other fuels, communication and instead education.
Snapchatin "anime"-effect is animadvert Asian caricature
Snapchatin along anime do moved inspiration's source to filter, but something's observers with the do racist.
Lentil tools in aid Snapchat enables some 150 million to daily user reality's modification also in identity play's ways, who do nigh laughable.
Can to change self pineapple, dog or figure, each agrees Roy Lichtensteinin to painting.
Lentils do simple, features wring tools, who they produce over 30 million improved selfietä dinner.
All slips they end up swiftly to public documents.
Snapchatin lentils do earlier animadvert with charges, that application advertises blackface- therefore "blackface"-mask or favours bleached complexion kauneusihanne.
Ergo when Snapchat advertise in this in week to something to users lentil, each give to them skew eyes, skew teeth also rotund cheeks, any critics they call such racist caricature from Asian humans - "kelta face" therefore yellowfaceksi.
And heh they consider, they can this repeated polemics do sign company from great problem about that pleomorphism.
News also disapproval they spread broad Wednesday The Vergen and Motherboardin reports along, day late Snapchat say axe characteristic.
Company offer explanation: Lentil mean tribute to anime figures, non caricature Asian.
Mutta racism to experienced observers lentil did reminder from abusive stereotypes in activity.
Second they banned anime comparison vehemently.
Grace Sparapani, korealainen American art student, who twiittiä from photographs shared widely, said in e-mail, that lentil did "at least also insult also uncomfortable".
He increased, that "do difficult to claim con to comparison, in who do alongside gross Asian caricature also filter's effects".
The shows, that filter do not only kelta face, instead kelta face carry extreme halventaa uus.
Snapchat do not only company, each exceeds this cultural trap threads.
American culture says being drawn in endless struggle from pleomorphism also along from incurring, korporaatio's boardrooms to Hollywood also to sets, who all we tote in hands.
And Snapchatin huge, racially old multiform youths public can to mean, that heh even todennäköisemmin they expect apprehensive attitude.
25 -year-old Katie Zhu say in interview Thursday, that when ~a Snapchatin from lentils towards user abusive picture, "to this to types do far prior difficult do subtle".
Thursday Zhu, Mediumille working product head also engineer, decide to remove Snapchat-account and urge other to make with same.
in Theme Mediumille also in telephone interview he say truster, that to race related disputes they heijastella Snapchatin recruiting practices pleomorphism's lack.
Zhu animadvert company's thing white man leadership and decide theme hashtagilla DeleteSnapchat (PoistaSnapchat) 
"Either in them do not in staff multiform other complexions's representation, minkä vuoksi heh they can to make tämänkaltainen decisions", Chinese American Zhu say, "or in them do other complexions's representatives in works, but heh do not in depot, in who they know condition safe or they can to speak directly".
Second observers they share he's opinion, complaint, to who Snapchat do left with great parts respond.
Company does not free figures staff from pleomorphism point out from status private company.
Thursday Snapchat refuse discuss staff from race backgrounds, but representative along company sign something time ago unionise and's concentration to aliedustettu to populations and to take on internal incorporation efforts.
from Own part Zhu say, that must Snapchat-account closed increase: "Do indeed with this, that heh self in matter need more like users can to say, that this do not ok".
Congress's panel along sotilasvirkamies they convolute Isis-tiedustelutietoja
On Thursday in published report congress's panel say authorities's United states militaries's war zone from headquarters forge intelligence reports to present optimistic picture in Iraq also in Syria work from war Isisiä to only, like where events place's end they justify.
House's armed forces quango's republican president, intelligence quango also defence appropriation subcommittee establish workgroup's osavuosikatsaus in report see "broad exhale dissatisfaction" headquarters's intelligence analyst in number, who they say, that superior they tamper they's assessment from American efforts to overcome Isis.
Headquarters, each is known Centcomina, do militaries's war zone headquarters Florida's Tampa, each monitors United states militaries's operations in Mideast and in Keski-Aasia.
"High-ranking Centcomin leaders adopt intelligence's outputs typically they give United states terrorism from contrary efforts positive picture, like what place atop happened facts they justify. This did säännönmukaisesti positive, like intelligence community other factors realise <pl> analyses", report's press release said.
"Centcomin events do impossible to adopt - fighter in war suffering, when bad analyyseja is presented to high-ranking policy maker", representative Ken Calvert, California's republican, say.
Centcomin leadership's failures they reach hard organisation's super until.
in Ten-sided report is described in detail incessant problems headquarters's descriptions and analyyseissa United states from efforts to nurture Iraqi numbers years 2014 also 2015.
Without the does not give clear evidence that, that Obama's administration high-ranking administrative official they do imposed reports stack , the describes analysts tell , than Centcomin leaders they do assigned to them pressures to describe Islamic state, Isisin, cause threat in positive light.
"Year 2015 totally first side I lead many headquarters's press release, opinions also certificates to congress did considerably positive like self events", in report said.
Centcomin authority example intoned publicly, that suurhyökkäys Mosul I guarantee engulf <sg> butter begin even so early, than whewti or in May 2015. 
Mosul, Iraq secondly great city, do yet Isisin on.
"Months's investigation to scent this do very clear", representative Mike Pompeo, Kansas's republican, say in opinion.
Year 2014 middles year 2015 middles United states militaries's war zone headquarters high-ranking intelligence leaders set up headquarters's intelligence outputs diminish Isisin threatens in Iraq.
Republicans they create workgroup heard, that analysts did brought open concern that, that tiedustelutieto from Islamic state set up.
On Thursday published report follows laajamittainen results investigation do in visit.
Defense Department's administrator do started additional, in visit being investigation Centcomin from intelligence.
House's intelligence quango's democrat limbs they publish on Thursday own findings, who did accordant something's republican workgroup's final conclusion with.
"Years 2014 also 2015 lag Centcom created Isisin and Iraq's security numbers's intelligence from evaluation unnecessary isolated process", representative Adam B. Schiff, quango leading democrat, said in opinion.
Schiffin with this process "prolonged intelligence outputs publication", worsened mood analysts within nor "gave tarpeeksi commissions to differing views".
Schiff also democrats they say, that heh do not find evidence that, that White house do tried to pressure Centcomin analysts to reconcile conclusion "a priori set or to political narrative".
The Daily Beast report on Tuesday congress's investigation from working results.
Past in August The New York Times reports, that Pentagon's administrator do started investigation Centcomin analysts's complaints to scent.
Commander Patrick Evans, Pentagon's representative, say in opinion, that Defense Department does not comment congress's report so long, Kui's administrator research do in visit.
But he say, that "experts do between other mind complex informations from interpretation, also intelligence community also Defense Department they shall healthy dialogue from this essential national security from subjects welcome".
in Research do other also subsequence, like or what comes to question to conceive, do U.S. elicit <pl> bombing actions in Iraq also in Syria successful (like waxing number from defence authorities now to claim).
Past year's charges they question its, how far president Obama feels relies headquarters move honest assessments Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya also other crisis targets's military campaign.
Islamic state intelligence's criticism heijastella over decade old dispute, when Centcomin intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, write research article, in who say, that no matter multiple analysts from objections, president George W. Bush's administration support small host in Iraq and use very a bit time consider, what totalities year 2003 attacks is.
Hooker did in key role also in rebellion about that Islamic state tiedustelutieto.
Authorities along past year Hookerin group concluded, that no matter opposite from public recitations, airstrikes Islamic state govern <pl> refineries I respond did not significantly soften terrorist group's economy, since the did built temporary refineries sell oil black exchange via.
The Times reports in September, that this steal non nevertheless tell headquarters ulkopuolelle.
Centcomin then commander, general Lloyd J. Austin III, go down to criticise past year so to scent, when many legislators must he's certificate to senate over positive assessment from war.
General Austin stayed to pension in April, and him instead to headquarters came general Joseph L. Votel.
U.S. overcomes neljäs once successively women's field hockey organise showdown's Britain as well
Day so to scent, when did made three paints team overcome Japan 6-1, Katie Bam make on Thursday United states women's field hockey team two first paint American overcome India 3-0.
Not a bit paint two games sounds from indelible achievement, but 27 -year-old Bam say, unless not do sure, did he earlier made same.
"in Me do not to glimmer behind", he say.
"not from right do such human, each must enters from paints".
But this he knows: American do 4-0 situations in olympialaiset tourney and heh sharing group first place Britain with, each did yet unbeaten defeated on Thursday Japan 2-0.
Britain also U.S. they face on Saturday first round in last game.
Both teams do to resolved neljännesvälierä, and this game solves, who locates first and who second them six teams in group.
First located avoids strong Dutch, second group leader, slightly longer quarter finals begin.
How whatever Saturday's game closes, American do raised stir in surprising success here, four years so to scent, when heh they stay London's Olympian terminally 12 teams.
Bam did on that in team.
He grew Pennsylvania's Bread in Bell and cull field hockey bat hands first repeats 3 -year-old (he old kaksoissisar they play ilk Drexelissä) in connection with to national team 16 -year-old, when from him come its all's times nascent player.
He did not aboard year 2008 Olympian, since does not reach along final player to list.
Year 2012 nothing does not go to him and he's team to comrades.
Next year English Craig Parnham appointed coach, also matters began to change.
"Culture's change, I breathe change, physical change", Bam say.
in Mei no in London do similar työtahti than in us do now.
Are made about turn.
Torstai-ilta Bam start first half paint's action in backhand closely paint.
India did come to game to air one neither award in tourney, but team did surprising hard and must situation 1-0 ratings third set to final part until, when Bam took situation haltuun.
He transported ball long field left edge, ago circumvented keskelle and wrench ball's paint take American 2-0 leaderships.
Melissa Gonzalez increase last paint halfway neljäs set.
This love game did tourney first United states goalkeeper Jackie Briggsille, each did allowed one paint in everyone first three awards.
He do in good tone.
with This do also Bam.
"in Mei do now good commission", Parnham say, but so goodness depends Saturday's game from result.
Trampoline's peace olympialaiset frenzy midst
Where whatever do neither, which whatever time do neither, Olympian do in visit.
Rio de Janeiro's events they seem steady also inevitable, furious competition also struggle's message.
Hard like self olympiasoihtu is flaming baton, who is conveyed from archer to bather also from gymnast triathlonistille.
Do impossible to put atop television, to read sanomat leaf Tai to listen vierustoveri's talk teashop's queue air, that hears Simone Bilesista, Katie Ledeckysta or Michael Phelpsin and Chad le Clos"s from intermediate road rage.
And ago do Logan Dooley.
Dooley, Olympian's tyro also coming lady killer alongside dimple, can in fact do ~a from this all tell from <pl> from names, who is presented best katselu to time and who supporting sponsor agreements and good mind tv set adverts - if he do bather, gymnast or even fencer.
But California Lake Forestista cosy being Dooley, 28, competes from olympiakulta in trampoline.
Olympia flame does not illume all ilk as much.
Farther from centre, partly in shadow, do this ilk, who all not generally adopt: ilmapistooliammunta, archery, shuttle, taekwondo.
in Mei do always breaststroke, long the lives.
But if I let to make moderate number special from favourite, I like to tack attention's trampoline to low-key charm.
Albeit trampoline do do olympialaji from year 2000, when the make first appearance Sydney's games, so presence do between worn 16 years during attentions so a bit, that many, who I interview, do not realise at all so being olympialaiset ilk.
This can do regional ignorance.
Albeit U.S. do sent athletes to compete in ilk, the do not never superior on that medal, nor so athlete proceed to final until beforehands year 2012.
Chinese also Russian sharing usually men, Chinese also Canadian women medals.
This year China's Dong Dong and Canada Rosie MCLennan they defend London's gold medal.
to Trampoline joins though certain underdog allure, pound off that, that barbaric I replace the to sound appropriate better to clown school like to Olympian.
in This me must to recognise, that do not expert, do only unairworthy fan.
in Ilk do possibilities to huvittavuus, like is told toon interminable bounce from shimmy, but that do also gymnastics also uimahyppy's gracility, together ilk, who on that in principle they combine.
Word "trampoline" comes Spanish's word el trampolín, each means springboard.
Championship's aspirant they skip in gigantic trampoline even nigh 30 afoot to height, and them comes to engage twirl liikesarja (translations, layout also volts) also from end to land to feet.
Official Olympian programme with them is assessed implementation, difficulty and "lentoaika" according to.
in Rio competes 32 athletes 17 countries, 16 men also 16 women.
General Olympian direction do directly on.
Medal pray <pos> must to go gold-plate look long, rapid, up also over - sometimes to paint until, sometimes to and fro around field.
They do not hunt only wire or start wall, instead also, televise in coverage, second gibelike narrow: world or olympiaennätys.
This resolute pursuance do noble, estimable also even fanatic - and the feels to let even seer's tears.
But the do also reason that, why games's call also feels do slightly draining.
Trampoline offers rest period from this.
Trampoline's direction do up.
Objective do not to move on.
Competitor rises to new rise affect atonic like astronaut, goes up, now downwards, now effortlessly again up.
Hereof non obviously lack competition nor difficulty, but programme during do not rabid dash to to stop, non leaps to distance, or I lead also gravity dreamlike, melting interruption.
The do so around zen mode, like what in Olympian can to reach.
Women's karsintakilpailu also now final is worked on Friday iltapäivällä sending begin o'clock 13 (ET), men's games they come on Saturday also o'clock 13. 
NBC to send finals part afternoon's software initially clock 14 both day.
Olympia daze midst this they offer silent, attractive moment, each likely does not tell in general chaos.
And if awareness is achieved or by offering man athletes gaze and objectify (like United states's man gymnasts something time ago they propose The Wall Street Journal with), Dooley or expects sigh new fan to municipality.
"Generation shows mind" in Ethiopia, each do USA long-term ally
Violent demonstrations in Ethiopia
Political change in Ethiopia exigent demonstrators do faced government violent opposition.
Witnesses they say, that ten demonstrators do shot dead police with pass in strife.
Do Ethiopia breaking?
Last decade during the do do ~a Afrika from stable states, west firm ally, who's economy grows swiftly.
Past months during government anti demonstrations do though rattle to bed spread yet to multiple regions.
Alone past in week tuhansittain humans dart to streets call thorough political change.
Human right groups along government's answer did relentless.
Witnesses they said, that police they shot and they killed kymmenittäin arm demonstrators.
Spread, in demonstrations recorded tapes, who is believed being past year's end or this's year format, showing, how security authorities they strike in sticks nascent humans in same, when this force to stand in hands wall against.
United nations end human right authority calls now läpikotainen research.
"This's country koossa holding did always difficult, also in follow-up the comes do even difficult", say Rashid Abdi, each do Afrika's horn projektipäällikkö International Crisis Group -in tutkimusryhmä.
Ethiopia do Nigeria's scent Afrika secondly väkirikas country, also western country they assess so stability.
America military also intelligence agency they make close cooperation etiopialainen as well in fight region's terrorist threats con particularly in Somalia, also with pains nothing Afrika's country lets so far western country's aid.
Ethiopia's economy do grown in impressive momentum.
So infrastructure do improved äärimmäisen far, also Capital in Addis Abeba do even new commuters train.
City's streets do typically silent, safe also clean.
Without no Ethiopia do nevertheless do democracy's model picture. Human right organisations do away spoken government's oppression, country's opposition do do limited, also dissident do silenced effectively.
Monet do cast out from country, jailed, killed or driven far to desert.
But this can do changing.
"If you suppress humans, nor in them do other options than to show mind, I see comes to käymä", Seyoum Tes mold, university teacher Keski from Ethiopia, say.
Totally youth shows mind.
One generations shows mind.
Complaints do manifold also covering all's maankäyttö governing coalition power's stranglehold.
Past year far whip foster after managing party alongside ally let last also opposition's held place, also now the must on all parliament's places.
to Same while tensions Eritrea in contrary border they grow. This tense also controversial border along worked fight call hundreds to breathe in June.
Analysts they fear, that separatist groups like Oromo Liberation Front or Ogaden 'sational Liberation Front, who do past years during more or less beaten, they feel to try to use turmoil for and to arm new.
Liberal factors they explain, why years's spoke upon churn <sg> after bitter feelings do now exploding.
First affects apparent harmless: intelligence telephones.
Just last few's year during great number etiopialainen do can to communicate social media via, when cheap intelligence telephones do encommon also internet service improved.
Albeit government plucks access's Facebook and to Twitter, like the most makes, notably demonstrations during, many humans they feel nevertheless to say location secrete network relay servers period.
Monet nascent Ethiopians they say, that I see heh they meet demonstrations for.
Second Ethiopia two great ethnic group, Oromo also Amhara, they come better to action keskenään.
Oromo also Amhara do not innate allies.
Very long I lead Amhara, who they come Ethiopia chiefly from christian highlands, they succeed in policy also in business use for Oromo, from who many do Muslims and who living in lowlands.
But this also do changing.
"Ole in way toward rally one umbrella under", Oromo leader Mulatu Gemechu say.
Great demonstrations do did Amhara also in Oromo regions.
Many Amhara also Oromo they think, that Ethiopia they manage unfairly to tigre Kansa hearing. Kansa to cover some six points from population and manages militaries, intelligence agency, trades also policy.
Third reason to unrests do Meles Zenawin loss.
Meles, former iconoclastic leader, did Ethiopia's chancellor 17 years I lead that until, when he die to secret disease year 2012.
Him lengthen tactical genius, man, each see around corners.
Analysts they say, that he did special holding to observe early dissatisfaction signs and to use secret envoys opponents in harmless act.
"Nyky in administration do not its you kaltaistaa fundament instinct", conflict analyst Abdi say.
Ethiopia new chancellor, Hailemariam Desalegn, cull relative alien to meet Meles"s boots.
with Second moons Meles, each did cosy Pohjois- Ethiopia's tigre from region, Hailemariam do from south.
Analysts they say, that tigre govern <pl> securities do not rely to him.
Monet they fear, that this feels to lead increase to bloodshed.
Previous time Ethiopia did in power such turmoil year 2005, when thousand they showed mind from elections, who analysts with they affected that, that government I managed skimp also so to scent rob this.
Ensue in crackdown many demonstrators die, vaikkakin less like past months, and you bring unrest's age go by relative swiftly.
Development experts do praised Ethiopia's leaders näkemyksellinen infrastructure from layout, like from new commuter, also from signal advances poverty in contrary fight.
But palpably neither this do not stopped country internal Ethiopia government's contempt strengthening.
Also now the begin to let dangerous, ethnic form.
Past in moon demonstrators Amhara city Gondarissa they attack tigre own <pl>'s companies kimppuun, also tigre from contrary hatred comes yet general in social media.
Analysts they say, that demonstrations they put U.S. also other länsiliitto kind to clumsy depot.
America's government do used Ethiopia base to lennokki flights neighbouring country Somali, without the something time ago say also seal this's base.
Albeit western country palpably desirous support democracy, this not neither like already valmiiksi unstable region ally implode .
"This", Abdi say, "do real balance u".
Donald Trump explains Obama-perusti-Isisin-argument "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump try to suppress last campaign engulf dispute on Friday in assertion, that he did not tosissaan, when he in this in week lukuinen times insisted, that president Obama and Hillary Clinton did Islamic state terrorist group "foundress".
Report raised new questions republicans's presidential candidate from ability to communicate lucidly American to public.
The also saucer he's defender, who do strained defend tail blustery age during, to difficult depot, in who them must to explain comments, who he no disregarding mean.
Wednesday evening's campaign in meeting make hint to scent Trump claim same yet with yeasty Thursdays in interviews, in who he insist, that he's purpose in truth also did to say, that president and Clinton they created Isisin.
Early Friday morning's Twitter in publication Trump though said, that he did only sarcastic.
Publication did about turn from previous day, when Trump said in multiple interviews do most also from serious charge.
When conservative radio announcer Hugh Theywitt tried to help Trump to loiventaa comment by reminding to him, that Obama likes to destroy Isisin, republicans's presidential candidate take this to hearing ears.
Last criticism storm comes in situation, in who Trump do aspire new to concentrate to campaign to economy down opinion poll results midst.
Trump and Clinton they tilt speak from economy in this in week in Michigan.
Friday Trump try again to resume to subject.
Flee again to Twitter, he warn, that Clinton's proposals they lead to high taxes, and that he must speech bore .
Trump do earlier also used sarcasm defence.
Deep in July so to scent, when he face broad criticism apparently propose, that Russian shall to crack Clinton's e-mails, he late explain comments by saying "truth maybe do sarcastic".
Approach enables its, that Trump can to work political speech in borders and to resume now as needed old.
"I Reckon, that the do model, in who he tests certain messages, who do important he's fan. He looks, how this they move and ago "to crystalise' to direction or to another depending from reaction", say Ruth Sherman, communication expert, each do followed both's candidates idiom.
But I reckon also, that he do crafty recitations relation and to know, that this do tarpeeksi vague, that this can to filter multiple other lentils through.
Instead, that mitigates speeches great vote public for, Trump do past days do former caustic, when he's popularity do continued bill.
you Renew, on Friday published NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist-questionnaire show, that Trump drag on Clinton astern considerably in North Carolina, in Virginia and in Colorado, and that game do in strict Florida.
Without Trump pääsääntöisesti aspire to avoid apologies from sanomat from provocative matters, he most accuses critics words wrongly from appreciation or sense of humour wrongly from apprehension.
Him face yet lähempi analysis presidential election campaign last months during, Trump's jokes do forced him loyal allies to uncomfortable depot, in who them must publicly to support tail regardless to conceive, how provocative he's comment do.
New York former mayor Rudolph W. Giulia, each do some Trump from signal supporters, see far eat on defend candidate CNN's interview Thursday.
"I Believe, that he's word do real, political comments", Giulia say, when from him ask from todenperäisyys join Trump's argument, who along Obama and Clinton they establish Islamic state.
The do truth on that in mind, that before Obama Isis did nearly alien, you dice organisation, who he call amateur, all to stile, and that I see happen, since he carry numbers away from Iraq.
Multiple mainstream republicans they try to claim, that Obama's government, in who Clinton work foreign minister, you allow Isisin to worsen, since the does not succeed effectively to settle situation in Mideast.
Before Pennsylvania's Friday meetings Trump continue in Twitter attack toward news media, who they grind him each word and do biased tail to only.
He jeer "bad, pathetic" television's experts, who they try to let from him clear say "They do not succeed!"
Any democrats they jeer Trump's pretext new evidence that, that he do agree president.
Earlier closed teashop to sear Greenpointiin
Verb Cafe did shabby, only käteinen adopting place in Williamsburg, in who did not wireless network, but each offered good coffee 15 years I lead.
Naturally Bedford Avenue's street arm work that too expensive.
Movement, each replace Verb's summer 2014, Soap Cherie, you sell cup cake shaped soaps.
Local they deplore such last loss middle-class redevelop in city.
Artist Molly Crabapple write in Twitter: "New York do change, I know, but not nevertheless neither can to believe, that CBGB do died and Chelsea Hotel do devastated and Verb do now soap trade".
But if New York do change, do the also again invention.
Revitalised Verb open past in November Greenpointiin, less mile päähän from original location.
in New Verb do wifi also there oh liver in credit cards, but part from staff do yet same also there do same pose ambiance.
Coffee also do yet good.
New Verb leads Cisco Rodriguez, old teashop long-term worker, each do new place owner also chief executive officer.
He start in Verb year 2001, and did there to end until.
When customer offered to finance tail in new place, he said do excited.
Rodriguez, 36, must many matter ennallaan.
Verb to use same bagelien journalist and bought samanmallinen espresso machine.
The even used old Verb egad.
But Rodriguez said, that he liked also in tests.
He brought new ingredients.
from A la carte finds bacon egg juustovoileipä, also in coverings do available for example capers also saute onion.
in Bowls do brown rice.
in Teashop non anymore serve beer, but there is made crisp juices.
Nine months during Rodriguez says tell steady flow old habitue.
"Williamsburg work too expensive also to many to former customers", he say.
Some past sunnuntainen Rebecca Didveira did some such customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived in prior Williamsburg and worked regularly in Verb.
Its jälkeen also, when he muutti Greenpointiin, he cast to teashop.
He says, that Verb lock he abandon moment from kahvinjuonti.
"I Understand, that I enjoy Verb's coffee also from culture", he say.
Now he do resumed coffee pariin, vaikkakin that day he commission ordinary ice coffee instead agitated chai-float, each do ~a from new cut-in.
Second long-term customer, Tom Rosenthal, work in Verb faithfully from year 2003 begin.
He works there before works and make always same order.
"Each day viisitoista over seven, regularly like clock, I go inside and heh did producing from spices bageliani in butter", he said.
Photograph. Rodriguez said, that he liked to make experiments and to bring new ingredients to a la carte.
Now Rosenthal makes yet ordinary order, but sometimes he fluctuation's flow commissions savoury bagelin in bacon, in egg also in cheese.
Rodriguez says, unless not he canna resentment to soap trade, each take haltuun old modes.
self in matter Soap Cherie's owners they offer to produce to Verb special soap, in who use ingredient teashop kylmäuutettua coffee.
"I Reckon, that can yet to adhere to offer", Rodriguez said.
And Greenpointin traditional Polish inhabitants do also adopted teashop.
~A from this from new customers turn a la carte stave, and Rodriguez say, that he plans assign so soon visible johonkin to point let new neighbours to know condition welcome.
in New location do other interests.
Local juice place likes to bottle and to sell kylmäuutettua coffee.
Do possibility, that teashop augment to adjacent building.
to Many to customers does, that heh they let old favourite in new Verb.
Joseph Whitt did habitue and said, that did desolate, when place closed.
When new place opened, Whitt said, that he knew than is come to huts walk sisälle and commission coffee.
"Did needed to let to smell that", he said.
A Square Meal: depression hamstring food
in March 1933, soon president take , Franklin Delano Roosevelt sit down to eat lunch in virkahuone.
Gourmet president Roosevelt must svelte Fifth Avenue's haystacks, like from pate de foie gras, and Maryland's suokilpikonna concoction.
That day he's diet did austere: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potato also dessert plum duff.
"The did culinary solidarity proof to humans, who they suffer", Jane Ziegelman say.
He's spouse, Andrew Coe, increase: "The did also said to Americans that, how comes to eat".
Brooklyn Heightsissä living couple do food historians.
Coen last book, Chop Suey, tell from Chinese food in America, and Ziegelman tell from life Lower East Siden from high-rise food via booklet 97 Orchard.
Them I renew cooperation, A Square Meal, who's Harper publishes Tuesday, do history from American food 1930 figures great depression during.
by Showing somesuch own culinary solidarity heh they meet journalist's dinner Eisenberg" Sandwich in Shoppi, tiny, pose in teashop Flatironin in region, each do do in activity year 1929 pörssiromahdus from.
Ziegelman, 54, commission tuorejuusto olive sandwich, and Coe, 57, take ration's turkey, in mashed potato also in vegetables.
When journalist commission meat loaf, couple look appropriate to discuss depression's feeding.
"Farces did very popular", Ziegelman said.
Did peanut farce, liver farce, bean farce.
This made from ingredient also jostain from cheap ingredient, in who continued actual ingredient.
you Imagine eat so far peanuts, that this they formulate dinner.
Coe grimace.
"The do certainly seemed in pot lyijynraskas", he say.
Years before depression in American tables, particularly in country, did than eats-with this-far-kuin-jaksat-buffet.
Women's groups they make food male farm to workers, also crisp pie serve in breakfast, in lunch also in dinner.
American they send food hunger to seeing Europeans first world war during. A Square Meal -book kronikoida ways, in who nation ride out that, unless not the suddenly been neither anymore ampleness's country.
"Then from food fire central, distressing subject to Americans", Coe say explain what he also wife they like to write to conceive.
As distressing did new, cheap diet: from Mystery dishes, like from farces also from box/boxes, came capital foods, also box did "could kill to use ruoantähde", mention Ziegelman, when cooks they can to hide less inviting ingredients kermainen sauce floor under.
Crisp fruits replace cheap in cured fruits.
Muscle, each did years do American meals's centre, come sparely apportion luxury product.
Special roundup try calorie number also ravinnepitoisuus do important like taste or even healthy sense in kitchen.
Make research also recipes embrace book for Ziegelman produce era's dish, in who fried onions meet in peanut butter.
"The did not popular addition to dinner table", Coe said.
Ziegelman specified: "The did surreal".
Peanut butter non possibly agree to fried onions.
This did characteristic to many households's recipes.
Household experts, like Louise Stanley, federal state's household agency's leader years 1923-1943, they guided country's eating ways more like never before or so to scent.
Publish recipes also articles sanomat and aikakauslehdissä heh they encourage women begin "budget for and" and to respond to challenge to convert strain spaghetti also carrots like lumps savour rations.
A Square Meal do historic savories celebration.
Special tasty do write up government's reactions to hungry citizens, like president Herbert Hooverin you give me to eat cake -attitude.
to Same time, when he publicly praise childhood simple, Iowan ruralist food, he mess like svelte millionaire, each from him did come.
"He must from continental food, like from fish in cucumber sauce", Coe said.
He ate nigh in golden ruokailuhuone atop tuxedo.
He did eminent outside from all.
President Roosevelt is felt to make same mistake, unless not he's wife, Eleanor, is encouraged tail do example in own stomach.
Like booklet is told, when madam Roosevelt sign steward, who have not interest makuu, from White house came place, each "does not offer or's Washington grim audible, instead also miserable made food".
Many recession early eating from ways rejected right, when country reached to old feet.
Heritage do continuing concentration to calories also to nutrition, Ziegelman say, also in way, how science is applied to ruoanlaitto.
Couple say, that write enters, heh they achieve better understanding Ziegelmanin mother's eating from ways, example that, how he does not can to shy food away.
"He in truth also fear food's waste", Coe say.
Ziegelman recall: "He even sicken humans".
Happen eclair incident.
Its's scent, when plates did empty Eisenbergissä, he and Coe they carried open dessert, who heh did produced tent: plum dessert, jota president Roosevelt ate lunch.
"That is called plum foam", Ziegelman say increase, that general trick did to give to austere recipes showing name.
in Dessert did not whipped cream, only plums, slightly meals, sugar, water also cinnamon.
All they sank spoon unwillingly viscous, to brown adhesive.
Surprise the did not evil.
Coe santsata once also second also.
Sound positive budget for from and he tell to wife: "slightly split walnuts butter helps".
Gileadille is replaced lawyer tenors hepatitis C -in patent fight Merckia I respond
United states kihlakunnantuomari do imposed, that Gilead Sciences Inc do legitimate to let lawyer tenors, who that stem hepatitis C -patient in hurting riitajuttu medicine manufacturer Merck & Co Inciä to only.
in June Gilead release 200 million dollars from payments them unkept two Merck patentti, who they join Gileadin success to medicines Sovaldiin and Harvoniin. This exemption follow that, when American judge find Merck's abuses, to who hear wrong egad also other unethical practices.
Thursday submit in judgment United states kihlakunnantuomari Beth Labson Freeman say, that Gilead do legitimate to unbend from compensations, who that stem complaint oppose.
Merck tries to let drawn Gileadin, each manages markets new hepatitis C -medicines's generation, each you can to improve palpably over 90 points from patients, in who do this liver disease.
Lawsuit juontua bed 2013, when Gilead and Merck they challenge other to right Gileadin medicines's active sofosbuvirin pohjalla being laboratory work's omistajuus.
U.S. truss <pl> numbers they say, that do taken size Isisin manage Manbij"s
U.S. truss <pl> numbers do taken totally around with Turkka narrow located northern Manbij"s city so to scent, when last left being Isis-taistelijat they leave kaupungistaa, group's representative say Friday.
Syria democratic numbers (SDF) they examine now city so to scent, when to last city hidden fighter group leave thence.
Jouko did released over 2000 siivilipanttivankia, who fighters must prisoners, Sharfan Darwish SDF:'s allied from number, Manbij"s from soldier council, told to Reuters.
"City do now totally in management, but do taken to examine that", he tell to Reuters.
Clinton they take in 10.75 million dollars year 2015, they pay 34.2 points federal state's taxes
Friday Hillary Clinton publish year 2015 declarations, each show, that democrats's presidential candidate and he's spouse incomes specific year did 10.75 million dollars, and that them real federal state tax rate did 34.2 points.
Year 2015 Clinton they donated million dollars to charities, in thing Clinton Foundationille, former president Bill Clinton take in nigh 5.3 million dollars speaker compensations, also former foreign minister announced let 3 million publishers from Simon & Schuster booklet, in who told from career in foreign ministry.
Clinton's varapresidentti candidate, senator Tim alongside Kai from Virginia wife Gift Holtonin with published 10 years declarations.
Them real federal state tax rate year 2015 did 20.3 points.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim alongside Kai they assign yardstick to economic transparency", Clinton's campaign assistant Jennifer Palmieri say in opinion.
Stark contrast to this Donald Trump harbour false pretexts behind and withdraws prior promises declarations publication.
Way along United states presidential candidate they publish declaration, albeit law does not oblige neither that.
New Yorker businessman Trump alongside lawyer do appealed Inland Revenue's audit reason declarations's spreading to refusal.
"You's turn", Clinton's campaign assistant Ian Sams say in Twitter publish link's democrat candidate's declarations.
Thursday Trump's special assistant, Michael Cohen, tell to CNN, that he does not allow Trump write this beforehands audits do ready.
Trump's critics, mukaan lukien year 2012 republicans presidential candidate Mitt Romney also other republican colleagues, do said, that he's refusal raises questions he's capital, he's donation to charity, he's business deal and lukuinen from other ties for example to Russia.
Clinton do adhered to problem publish on Friday network tape, in who bring visible visible republicans, who they urge Trump to publish tax.
Thursday he raise problem open in economy speech in Michigan.
"He refuses make that, what everyone past decades's presidential candidate do made: published declaration", he tell to public.
Politico do announced, that do Trump do not paid at all or very a bit taxes two year 1990 figures, and New York Times's business columnist quote Friday lukuinen tax lawyers also accountants, who they say, that mode can yet still do same.
Federal state's tax rate do come problem in presidential election.
Clinton do supported billionaire investor Warren Buffettin along appointed rule, each ensures, that over million dollars in year deserving they pay at least 30 points taxes.
President Barack Obama also supports proposal.
Clinton's meeting Nebraska's Omaha past in week Buffett, who's Berkshire Hathaway -conglomerate lies there, challenge Trump to meet and to exchange declarations.
Buffett say, that also in him do in visit Inland Revenue's inspection, and that Trump no "fear" tax keruu agency, instead electorate.
Clinton's campaign do published declarations bed 2007 until.
Now New York Chappaquassa live Clinton real federal state tax rate did some 32 points years 2007 also 2014 lag, and them real combined tax rate did some 40.5 points.
Clinton's declaration from year 2015 showed, that only 100 dollars they's income came from salaries, second like in great part from Americans.
They's end sijoituskohde did cheap, to index bound mutual fund, and Clinton they announced 109,000 dollars dividend also korkotulo.
Complementing report Kevin Drawbaugh, editointi Jonathan Oatis
Chilli powder condoms and firecrackers they lifehack Tanzania's elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania using unusual step prevent elephants cast humans's settlements - heh they shy animals in chilli powder in stuffed condoms.
Keino do proved effective, also idea multiple years now invented Honeyguide Foundation together American Nature Conservancyn with do lifehack so advertisement by nurture voluntary Pohjois- Tanzania's villages to use nonviolent four askele meets huts also hundred protections air, that animals they aggrieve.
Prior many they use spears protect self.
Friday do world's elephant day, each do dedicated this's animals to protection.
"you Sire from when we develop...tools, do seen attitude change in this in communities. in This do now far trusting so relation, that heh they feel must elephants away from fields damage this", Honeyguiden executive director Damian Bell say in opinion.
First two steps they shall in invasive elephant pointing out's torch also tube's playing.
If the does not prevent animal, is shy niin sanottu "chilli cloud".
Condom is met chilli powder also country's mixture and in firecracker, what after condom is circumvented drawn with this, that only detonating fuse ice näkyviin.
When condom is lighted/lit, the breaks crack and to purskauttaa chilli powder dust to air.
One tuoksahdus do usually tarpeeksi to send elephant to second direction.
Last step do launcher, each shoots to air roman candle. Firework produces loud, clean explosion.
RT News: Jew movie maker criticises berliiniläinen hotel, each remove Israel's area code Arabs's request
French, juutalaistaustainen movie maker allow valloilleen media storm undraped, that in Berlin lying Kempinski Bristol -hotel does not list Israel's area code. Worker with this stems Arab customers "from requests".
from Holocaust telling Shoah-documentary film made Claude Lanzmann dismantle from turhautuma to Berliner Kempinski Bristol -to hotel write open letter in German FAZ-in publication.
Äskettäinen night-stop during Lanzmann try to find Israel's hotel offer countries's area code from list.
Country non nevertheless said this's states in number, to who can to call directly from hotel room.
How you can do possibility, that year 2016 Berlin, new German in Capital, Israel do removed also wiped?
Lanzmann write.
Instead Kempinski Bristol offers possibility to call to Israel own call center via.
Explanation look movie maker take matter's speech hotel's reception.
Lanzmann write, that thence let answer "shock tail".
Hotelli's receptionist say, that in question did "Kempinski-hotels's leadership deliberate decision".
Decision after being reason caused in movie maker even more dismay.
"Great part from companies do Arabs, and heh they call Israel's area code removal", worker is told say Lanzmannin with.
Israel's Germany ambassador Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls case "great wrong", Zuddeutsche Zeitung you report.
"Did terrified also shaken case flow.
The do already itsessään great wrong.
But even great shame do the, that I see work Saksanen also here in specific hotelliketju.
This not need explanations.
we Expect, that hotel makes right conclusions", mandarin say.
Incident produce considerable vastareaktio in network, when humans they call such scandal.
Any they claim, that Kempinski-hotel simply "give truths" Arab customers to alleged requirements.
"you Be ashamed", say in second publication, in who point out, that posh Kurfurstendamm-in street lying hotel stands near synagogue.
Hotel self deny all charges swiftly and call pass "inattention" and "ask gift" Lanzmannilta, Der Spiegel reports.
"Clear order do include Israel to pikavalinta list non never make", Kempinskin representative is told say Suddeutche Zeitungin with.
The addition, that area code do now increased.
to Polish use teargas also rubber bullet mind denotive brasilialainen students con
Students they take on Thursday coupling's police as well in Brazilian Sao Paulo's city, when students they meet to show mind government public education system's reforms to only.
to Polish use teargas also rubber bullet demonstrators to only.
Problems began, when law's stewards they tried to scatter student number, which led that, that to poles used rubber bullet also teargas.
Multiple harvests students participated to demonstration express horror from plans.
Sao Paolon state's governor Paulo Geraldo Alckminin proposals along a bit less 100 public school close, also 300,000 pupils invest again money's saving.
Any to demonstration participating see writing to walls temporary president Michel Temerin contrary graffitos.
This last demonstration happen only days so to scent, when demonstrators they leave liikkeelle one number support from post suppressed president Dilma Rousseffia country's senate vote he's impeachment.
RT Business: Russia and Iran intermediate trade grows abruptly 71%<sent><sg><nom>
Sanctions's removal to scent Moscow and Teheran intermediate trade turnover do grown 70.9 points to previous year against, tells Russia's ambassador in Iran, Lev Dzhagaryan.
Its's scent, when international Iran contrary sanctions they leave, Russian companies do in sura with numbers shown interest to business deals in country, ambassador say.
Russian companies they continue existing being ties to Iran, when again new companies do ready to reach to markets.
"Naturally Iran kahdensuuntaisen cooperation ~a from important goals do trade's extension", Dzhagaryan say.
He point out, that year 2016 first five months during Russia and Iran intermediate trade turnover grow 70.9 points against year 2015 to same age be all told 856 million dollars.
Notably Russia's export to Iran rise 91.5 points be all told 697 million dollars.
Russia's import from Iran soar 16 points 158 million dollars.
"Trade's growth achieve machines, vehicles also weapons's supply", ambassador say.
Addition Dzhagaryan expects this year ennätysmäärä iranilainen tourists to Russia.
Past year Russian's foreign country representation in Iran grant Iran's citizens some 35,000 visas largely to travel.
Iran did also first time this 20 countries in number, from who works most tourists in Russia.
"Do safe to say, that past year iranilainen tourists's ennätysmäärä in Russia comes to rikkoontua", he say.
to Same while jolly few Russians they visit in Iran, what's ambassador hopes fluid.
"Can personally to recommend Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd's cities visit. in This do retained ancient persialainen civilisation memorials in good order", he say.
Scot Callum Skinner crash to paint limey grab cycling golden
Scotland Callum Skinner whisk to honor men's team in sprintti Rio's pyöräilystadion past night, when Great Britain's team trio defend championship from London from year 2012. 
Glasgow cosy being 23 -year-old did anchor in role, in who he's Scot colleagues Sir Chris Roy kunnostautua, legend did from stripling proud, when this whisk to paint grab award's favourite New Zealand's team.
Britain take shock award four years ago, in same when Hoy overcome viides six olympiakulta.
And heh they repeat trick locate modestly kuudes March rata-ajo's maailmanmestaruuskisa in London, without Hoy do so after decided race careers.
Beijing and London's games intermediate problem did erikois sender Medicinee Staffin substitution.
This let realised just in time, when Hindes appeared.
Hoyn ending created also vacuum, who Kia Emadi and Matt Crampton they tried to meet.
Skinner did man, from who Britain's coaches must drawn see in Scot potential, each now do realised.
Hindes, Kenny - who they overcome Hoyn as well championship four years ago - and Skinner they make olympiaennätys's aika-ajo, but New Zealand take leadership in first round.
Also limey trio overcome duel's gold.
Hindes did own round after täpärästi in scent, but Kenny gore team johtoon, and Skinner must to conceive drawn.
Strategy change did big part transformation, and that heard Hindesin driving in big switch, that he slow and allows Kennyn also notably Skinnerin must drawn from pace.
Hoy follow from depot BBC's expert, and tack Skinnerin, Kennyn and Hindesin possess them enter to podium.
23 -year-old glasgowlainen Skinner say: "Comparison do flattering".
Do here or make best and obtain reputation.
we Make in final olympiaennätys and we embutter world champion.
The did quite stunning.
feels not do better way to overcome.
in Defeated London 2012 Kennyn and Hoyn rinnalla Hindes grant that did tahallaan fallen in railway bad start to scent.
He late carried comment old, nor Britain's kilpakumppani do complained.
in This time instead superior award did not similar problem.
Hindes said: "Seemed when is do in London, when in pedestal did so far Great Britain's flags".
Team we we found link last three months during.
Are lost so many maailmanmestaruus, ergo Olympian's conquering again do simply posh.
One events, one gold medal to Kansa, each overcome seven all ten cyclings -lajinen and in Beijing that in London.
If this reflects last five months development, us expects successful five dates in pyöräilystadion.
Kennyn show proper according to do not at all impossible to imagine tail repeating Hoyn uroteko, three olympiakulta conquering yksissä in Olympian.
The means, that Kennyn - each do exactly 12 years nascent than Hoy, each do also born 23. Marches (that apparently sacred day Britain's sport, each do also Steve Redgraven, Mo Farahin and Roger Bannisterin birthday) - medals's total soar six golds also together to silver.
The do same than Hoylla.
Kenny competes next in sprintti, each begin today and to take three days.
Boltonista cosy being 28 -year-old say: "I Enjoy now only from this an.
Joukkuekilpailu do always best.
The is embutter together lads with.
One conquering do honestly said lonely".
Hindes say: "If he overcomes second two gold medals, to him must to give knight's value".
This did day only medal competition, but Britain let more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull did in aika-ajo rapid four spirits, four kilometres in team pursuit.
They's time did 3:51:943.
in London 2012 golden superior world record do 3:51:659.
First round also final (22.42) is organised today, second kilpailupäivä, when Wiggins do certainly possess centre.
in Him did dispute judges as well yesterday before aika-ajo, when officials they called they to long measure door.
Similar women in competition, each continues and closes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Organ stallion Barker and Milngavien Katie Archibald they proceed in maailmanennätysaika clock stop while 4:13:260.
Great Britain's team do learnt to rely, that so could ratapyöräily team to take haltuun Olympian's middle and achieves totally number's medals.
in Shown Beijing and in London most exceptional also complete management, expectations do diminished before Rio's games.
in Background do do drama, from who venial do not did technical leader, Shane Sutton, difference in April sexism also kiusaus charges flow, and suur persons, like Hoyn and Victoria Pendletonin, race career ending.
Perustuen first evening to competitions in pyöräilystadion though says that, that Great Britain now legendary reputation to soar to super in complete moment butter must again once place.
Portland immature future questionable electricity agreement's shearing flow
Portland's Victoria aluminium immature, and harvests's workers jobs, future do uncertain, when to factory electricity distributing power company reveal, that one factory from owners do deciding distribution agreement, ergo await do all's distribution agreement cut.
Measure follows Victoria's administration prior this year make <sg> decision, that factory's activity to holding required supports does not continue.
20 years ordained age subsidy stops in November.
Even 2000 jobs can do in risk Alcoa's Portland in factory.
Even 2000 jobs can do in risk, suorasti or indirectly, factory's shutting along.
So besides knock-on effect can do possible, that smeltery uses some 10 points Victoria totally from electricity's production.
Year 2014 Alcoa close Point Henry's smeltery, each lead past year Anglesean power plant's shutting.
Alcoa's Portland smeltery to lose money and do shutting threat upon.
Measure follows now already multiple years take speculation factory's future, each began resulting strong Australia from dollar and do past times stemmed factory's production from price.
AGL, each distributes electricity great aluminium to smeltery Latrobe Valleyssa located Loy Yang An from power plant, say, that the expects also three other owner policy-making agreement.
Great part from factory owns Alcoa also Alumina agree, also Chinese CITIC and japanese Marubeni Corp propertied small ends.
"AGL expects Portland's factory activity's continuance, which means that, that immature physical electricity need comes to continue", the say.
AGL:'s along agreements do niin sanottu "suojautua agreements", who must to come in effect in November 2016. 
Agreements do 12 months irtisanomisaika, ergo this they stop technically year 2017.
"Thence from reason AGL to expect agreements paid print in fiscal year 2017", power company say.
All possible result impacts AGL:lle from fiscal year 2018 on restrictive in this in moment electricity's tukkuhinta future markets strong prospects.
AGL say, that the do already "stop advances" reduced agreements's value in accounting 187 million dollars.
Alcoa say, that decision stops agreements "does not affect Alcoa ... to ability must smeltery in activity or to safeguard smeltery's electricity score".
American company say, that the lace 20 -vuotinen agreement Loy Yang as well year 2010, and that agreement must to come in effect this's year in November, but the do not even explained, what withdraw from agreement.
Analysts do did aware and in Victoria located Portland immature, that also Newcastle around located Tomagon factory possible shutting flow, since begin economy situation do poor.
Earlier in week AGL:'s executive director Stephen Mikkelsen say to analysts, that Portland uses annually some 600 megawatt electricity and Tomago some 900 megawatt.
"If both factories they leave from markets, in question do meaning reduction [electricity's] markets in demand.
to Us electricity's producer this do not good thing", he say.
Kendall, non plain Kardashian tosi-tv-aster, do September's Vogue in deck
Kendall Jenner, 20, model also mother manager Creese Kardashian-Jennerin clan neljäs daughter, do U.S.'s Vogue desired September number's deck.
Kendall, each do Estee Lauderin brand envoy also do model Milano, Paris and New York's fashion in weeks, announce news on Thursday Instagram in account.
"This's deck call in room, each do loaded dear humans, let I to cry", Kendall write.
Kansijulkistusta follow peculiar (or ehkäpä or's Kardashians tyyliin agreeing?), käsikirjoittaa reality tape, in who whole Kardashian-Jennerin clan (away lukien problem cases Rob and Caitlyn, and to who join all's favourite entertainment uncle, Keeping Upi's producer Ryan Seacrest) forget sister deck, but each close to classic turn: heh they plan also surprise celebrations.
in Question do nigh everyone's children televisiosarja "birthday period" kliseinen ploy pattern (Seacrest intones lines "not maybe thought, that we forget you" morning toon pupujussi in credibility), but Creese must to let second girl somehow to benefit hereof from fame.
This that, that do certainly moved new Kardashian to era September's Vogue place along.
Kendallin big sister Kim maybe get Vogue's complaint I manage (he share so man Kanye West as well in April 2014), but leaf's September number do hard own category.
Vogue's September number do totally year most selling edition.
So thickness reminds more coffee table book like muotilehti, also number attracts huge number advertisers (Fashionista dip, that past year 832 from -sivuinen tome 615 did advert content).
So deck aster revelation is expected with this vehemently, that last together year I lead pictures from leaf do leaked before official julkistusta.
Prior women in deck do did inter alia Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista also Markup Moss.
Past years in deck do most also do more "celeb, who they move models" than "models, who do celeb".
Oscar winner and Dior's envoy Jennifer Lawrence did in deck year 2013, leaked Lady Gaga's pride of place to scent.
But if happens, that Jenner, jota leaf describes generation "success model", hit to ensin mainittu category, he do jolly in good bee.
This celeb do not moon bony humans relatives or reality asters or today's lines, who can to make good Snapchat-tape (albeit Jenner do all this).
They do validly talented women, who they succeed in entertainment industry.
Past year's deck model Beyoncella do do Lemonaden publication along some career from strong years.
All not obviously do mielinen Jennerin from success.
Him tosi-tv-in history Jennerin depot in fashion world comes always do fraught.
in June original Victoria" Secret -model Stephanie Seymour animadvert Jenneriä and this's colleague Gigi Hadidia call them "this's moment grandmother".
This feeling soar again to surface Jennerin Vogue deck along.
Mutta in dissatisfaction rotation do irrelevant.
Kendall Jenner do Vogue's September number's deck.
He do super model word in clean essence.
He do model Marc Jacobsille.
He sells to you Estee Lauderin meikkivoide.
He and all he's sister they sell to you pictures automatically own, with payment Formicariidae guarantees find in applications.
He mu pictures Cindy Crawford's daughter, who he take LOVE to leaf.
Also in leisure, feasibly only nähdäkseen sister Kourtneyta and this's children, he do tosi-tv-aster.
Community forensic centres turning annually away 160,000 humans
Over 160,000 Kansa haavoittuva is turned annually away community from forensic centres, when sector sets funding's addition cuts's impacts so already valmiiksi in tops pass to activity.
Queenslandissa three five humans - largely from old, from expat, from haavoittuva workers, violence's victims, you blow, who have not possibilities to tilt unfair evictions also to similar only - is turned already away them look free forensic counselling also representation.
Community already to tops drawn-out forensic services they set to addition cuts.
Next year's June this forensic centres do number to lose 30 points federal state's funding.
Queenslandin community forensic centres leader James Farrell say, that last National Association of Community Legal Centres -calculation report along tuhansittain humans is turned already now away annually.
Farrell say, that if federal state's government decision does not call off, situation comes or to relapse.
"Queenslandin community forensic centres do chronically ali funded, which means, that annually thousand humans is turned away need from <pl> from essential services", he say.
Humans, who they leave from violent relations, in who do undisciplined and hamstring debts, in judicial separation being families, unfairly disjunct workers - in all in this in humans do forensic problems, and this report shows, that heh do not let need to <sg> aid.
Federal state's government cuts funding 30 points in June 2017, which means that, that thousand vulnerable Queenslandin inhabitants do force to navigate complex forensic problems midst free aid.
we Appeal to Attorney General and Queenslandin senator George Brandisiin, that heh immediately they call off this funding cuts, that humans they feel to let need to <sg> aid in forensic problems.
Past year state's government actualise promise to raise forensic aid funding national average to level.
Now do time to look at community forensic centre and this's customer communities's needs, and Palaszczukin government comes to invest here to important work.
Donald Trump's campaign challenge to right so to scent, when worker claim in under attack weapon
New York: Donald Trump's campaign challenge to right that, that heh not argument with make nothing so to scent when to them tell, that campaign's North Carolina activity's head threaten in weapon worker in February them lead in Jeep.
Incident exposit state's campaign entinen's software trainee Vincent Bordinin raising in complaint Wednesday in Charlotte state's court.
Bordini say, that he expect months I lead, that mode wield internally, beforehands realise, that "that does not come to happen".
Head Earl Phillip "take open pistol, put right index to trigger and push chimney's Vincent patella against", Bordini say in complaint.
Complain local also regional campaign to administration, Bordini hear, that anyway four in other person did do similar experience Phillipin with, say in complaint.
"Weapons not need to trigger damage's induction", Bordini say in complaint.
Challenge comes only two days so to scent, when republicans's presidential candidate cause indignation tell to public in North Carolina, that "second cut-in humans" - in who usually is involved weapons's owners also weapon stickler - they can to take to measures, if he's competitor Hillary Clinton elect and lets to elect judges.
Trump's campaign say, that media do taken he's word away from context, and that he does not support violence.
Bordinin in challenge is applied from campaign compensations from haphazard monitoring and Phillipiltä from violence, from battering also feeling shock from induction.
Trump's representative Hope Hicks does not respond to comment request immediately.
Companies to reach Phillipiä do not succeed.
WCCB, local news subsidiary Charlotessa report Phillipin depart recently from campaign.
He's consulting company Innovative Consulting Servicesiin submit to soittopyyntö does not respond immediately.
Republicans's presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign do do controversial.
Causa do Bordini I respond Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Divisio's Country music of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must to channel Olympian's spirit and to extend Heathrow
Heathrow brings recovery also prosperity totally pot, non only to local communities also other to stave London.
to Self this did Heathrow great allure, hard than the did also London 2012 games allure, when we saw enormously eat on ensure, that all Kansa also region they benefit from games.
Olympian they let while huge benefits to Stratford and East Endille.
And we make with this again by creating possibilities to local humans also to companies near Heathrow.
Strictly to local communities is created 10,000 new harjoittelupaikka also 40,000 new job, and is removed nuorisotyöttömyys airport ympäriltä.
with Samo like before London's year 2012 games, any they come think of <sg>, that challenge Heathrow's extension do too great.
to Me tell, that Britain non never do to ready games, and that we must to shame world front.
Sceptics did väärässä year 2012, and heh they come do wrong Heathrow relation.
Obstacles do always surpass , but Heathrow responds to everyone to question, each that is presented.
Like Olympian, also Heathrow do infrastructure project to many, non or to harva.
Annexe do possibility to create even 180,000 new job also 211 mrd. pound's economic growth, and leaves taita also työllistyminen's heritage and around airport that around Great Britain.
in Mei do in Heathrow could team, each do actualise 11 mrd. pound's infrastructure investment programme about time also in budget remain: T5:stä, each do voted world best airport terminal five year successively, T2:een, each build world together windy runway to lag.
Now team do ready to actualise third runway, who supports 16 mrd. pound private money.
London's Olympian year 2012 did great success to Great Britain, and do sure that, that also Heathrow's annexe do that.
Us do time to channel Olympian's spirit and extends Heathrow, ensures trade future and to create taita also työllistyminen's heritage, from who Britain can do proud.
Lord Paul Deighton do Heathrow Boardin president also former treasury commercial secretary.
Adblock Plus also Facebook cat also mouse -in game adverts's averting
to Companies, who they let money from verkkomainonta, companies passes adverts preventing programme do "cat also mouse -to play", say some such programme from preparative companies.
Thursday, only two days so to scent, when Facebook announce, that the prevents adverts's estäjä in computer in wearable pages, Adblock Plus publish blog article, in who say, that users they feel to update programme's filters prevent again adverts social network in pages.
On Tuesday Facebook say, that so webpages's computer code is exchanged adverts ympäriltä, that adverts's estäjä is difficult to see, what parts from page do adverts.
But now Adblock says, that the do circumvented new computer code.
in Blog article Adblockin representative Ben Williams write, that "tämänkaltainen edestakainen fight open source code adverts impeding community also so kiertäjä's lag do do in visit that from, when adverts prevent invent", and that do enable, that Facebook invents own solution soon.
The, that world's sura social media company do taken can to fight, do strong proof that, how great stew adverts's estäjä do come to industry.
Globally some 200 million uses adverts's estäjä, is told past year Pagefairin and Adobe's research. This do nigh four times the number, each use this programmes year 2013.
1.03 million active daily user to use Facebook in mobile sets, also mobile advertisement covers now 84 points Facebook's advert -tuloinen.
Company do though in computer wearable pages adverts's estäjä in truth, that mobiles adverts's estäjä do not move Facebook's mobile in applications to social network or to Instagram, representative say.
Computer adverts they bring yet tarpeeksi incomes, that Facebook look tämänkaltainen action investment worth.
Also on Tuesday Facebook say, that the updates "advert preference"-tool give to humans more takes so relation, how adverts is kohdentaa to them.
On Thursday Facebook claim, that Adblockin new filters did grave, since this they prevent also part's site from other like from advert content.
"This do not good experience to humans, and in us do in plans to adhere to problem", Facebook's representative say in e-mail opinion.
Adverts's estäjä do dull tools, where from reason do this I make intent to build Ad Preferencesin like tools, who they give management's humans.
Woman stay car less in sveitsiläinen motorway apparently suicide's flow
Victim bed in motorway midst night.
to Polish looks witnesses so to scent, when I marry stay in motorway multiple vehicle less Thursday early feelings then, each did apparently suicide.
Incident happened in A1 road near Morges'ta Vaudin in canton just midnight after Thursday.
Woman made "desperate action" and drape black to bed tielle, in who to him hit multiple vehicles, Vaudin to poles said in opinion.
Victim, each lucidly tried to kill self, did 49 -year-old sveitsiläinen woman, to who hit multiple vehicles, mukaan lukien lorry.
He died in locale.
to Multiple event related drivers do already interrogated, but all do not even recognised, tell to poles, each appeals them and all incident attest witnesses to register.
Rikostutkimus do started, which do "logical" step in tämänkaltainen situation, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter tell Le Tribune de to Geneve.
"you Stay though nähtävä, let no one from participant drivers charge.
Did possibility to avoid collision?
The ice prosecutor resolvable", Hofstetter said.
Last five years two similar case they refer that, that drivers does not lengthen in responsibility.
in Kumpikin then - in rivers in both did person, each walked in black motorway - assessed, that automobilist feel not expect come up pedestrian in motorway midst night, in leaf say.
Past year to poles release from charges about that from omission stem kuolemantuottamus him hit and do in man, each bed A!-in road near Paynernea some night in August 2014.
22 -year-old victim did drunk and did extinct tielle, to court told.
Court posited, that to poles, each did reacting to emergency call, led in good way, and that man's paikallaolo in road did "all exceptional also unpredictable commission", judge say.
All, in who do information Thursday's case near Morges'ta, comes to call to police to number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44. 
NAsa climate model: Venus did once living
NAsa new climate model assess with Venus did likely once living.
Scientists NAsa Goddard Institute for Space Studies -in research center they developed model to examine Venus's past use tools also algorithms, who do like climate researchers wield <pl> with.
Model plan to nail do in Venus hot, alongside anhydrous surface also carbon dioxide man alongside alongside atmosphere felt sometimes do country like circumstances.
Scientists do earlier presented, that Venus slow revolutions per minute explains so thick atmosphere.
But last simulation refers that, that in Venus is felt do thin, country like atmosphere, and the is nevertheless felt to spin slowly.
Model also look at early Venus pinnanmuodostus.
in Planet did likely Country dry regions, but there did time tarpeeksi water also geographical fluctuation life enable to <sg> also rapid water from vapour to protection.
Early Venus interest did also 30 points soft sun.
"GISSin model's simulation Venus slow rotation reveals so day's side to sun nigh two months in time", GISSin researcher Anthony Del Genio explain in news handout.
This heats surface and to produce rain, each towards thick pilvikerros, each moves as it were umbrella protect surface from great part sun's heat.
Result climate average temperatures do self in matter few's degree cold Kui Country current.
Model produce Venus's instar story, each do similar like what planet researchers prior did assumed.
Without Venus likely did also sometimes livable, the altistua to glut heat also to ultraviolet light multiple milliard years during.
So oceans they evaporated also so steams they sear in ultraviolet light.
When so hydrogen fled, jäljelle stayed only thick carbon dioxide atmosphere lethal greenhouse gas alongside phenomenon - Venus, who now we know.
Researchers they share results new Venus climate mallinen Geophysical Research Letters -in publication.
Patrick Roy abandons Avalanchen coach's hiring
Patrick Roy leave office Thursday Colorado Avalanchen coach also ice hockey matters resource chief executive officer from actions say reason vaikutusmahdollisuus's deprivation team's decision making in process.
Colorado's executive vice president/chief executive officer Joe Sakic strengthen information and mention, that team begin new coach looking immediately.
"Last three years time do made duty Colorado Avalanchen ice hockey matters resource chief executive officer also coach in enthusiasm, in passion also in determination", 50 -year-old Roy say in opinion.
Do thought summer during long also piously that, how buttery improves this team give that its need <sg> depth and take so to high level.
That this can to achieve, coach also ice hockey matters resource chief executive officer view comes do all in line organisation's view with.
in Him must also do possibility to affect to decisions, who they affect team's performance.
This conditions not in this in moment happen.
Sakic, each sign Roy 23. Mays 2013, thank Roy this's contribution to team.
"Patrick tell to me today from decision", Sakic say.
from Value all that, what he do made organisation for, and we hope to him congratulations in future.
Roy name league to best coach award Jack Adams Award -prize's sendee first Avalanchen in period 2013-14.
He lead team 112 points also centric division to award, but Minnesota down Colorado's pudotuspeli in first round, nor team do last together year during reached to follow-up.
Avalanchen games in period 2015-16 they close 39 awards, 39 losses also 4 draws, also team lose five points to Wild lose western conference wild card pudotuspeli place.
Hall of Fameen elect goalkeeper Roy overcome four Stanley Cup - two and Montreal Canadiensissa that Avalanchessa.
Basis' sea oilmen continuing negotiations also postponing strike
Basis' sea oilmen's työtaistelu salary due to is postponed, when all dispute's parties they sit downwards new neuvottelukierros for, they lead bargainer they say.
Strikes oilfield's service agency Wood Group to only do arranged randomly Royal Dutch Shell elicit in <pl> Basis' sea in porauslautta.
"Wood Group and Unite- and RMT-unions they feel to strengthen, that do agreed to start again process, in who is aspire current dispute to solution", in common opinion read.
Must next few's weeks during multiple totally day's meetings initially earliest next in week, that can to take to problems crisp katsantokanta.
Unions with them äskettäinen työtaistelutoimi, who heh they say being first over 25 beds, did objection to possibilities, even 30 points to salary cuts.
This year Wood Group cut Basis' sea contractors's premiums some 9 points negative market pressure's flow.
Yhtiö's premium reduction bee so ashore being contractors 10 points reduction from year 2014. 
Companies said, that addition cuts they give to company need elbow room markets's downturn escape to <sg>.
Shell for one do reduced thousand humans from payrolls also announced from plans to leave oil also gas activities even 10 countries, when company posts activities resulting so giant from merger British energy company BG Group with.
in Energy companies do pressures johtuen low crude from prices, and this economic situation exacerbate Britain kesäkuullinen decision to leave from European Union.
Scottish parliament limb Dave Anderson meet union leaders prior in this in week discuss one generation great Basis sea's työriita.
He say, that Basis' sea do essential region to economy.
"Need economy, each moves to many, nor or to harva, with this in Basis' sea like totally in country", he say in opinion.
to Basis' sea is expected year 2016 less like 1.4 milliard dollars investments to new projects, when again previous five years average do do some 7 milliard dollars.
Kepler measure asters's revolutions per minute Plejadien in tähtijoukko
Last Kepler-avaruusteleskoopin task do helped astronomers to collect complete listing Plejadien tähtijoukko's asters from revolutions per minute.
New informations they help astronomers to understand, why tähtijoukko's asters they spin in checkered speeds, and how kiertoaika they join to planet's muodostus.
"we Hope, that by comparing results to other tähtijoukko, we learn now more aster's mass, so age also even so solar system's history from intermediate relation", Caltechin infrared's processing also analysointi's Pasadena centre's researcher Luisa Rebull say in press publication
Plejadien tähtijoukko lies 445 light year päässä from Country.
Many number's asters do born some 125 million years ago, and do just now achieving adulthood.
This they spin now in top-level.
Super in revolutions per minute this they grow up asters eject great numbers aster wind.
When this winds they walk asters's magnetic fields through, this they set back asters.
When aster expire, so revolutions per minute begin to slow up.
Kepler measures each's aster revolutions per minute by following identifiable aster commas's apparition, like sunspots.
Last asters revolutions per minute's list refers that, that massive asters they spin slow like less massive asters.
Rebull comparably asters to dancers, from who big they make pirouette slow like small.
"Plejadien "in ballet" we see, that slow pyörijät do usually massive, when again rapid pyörijät do usually very light asters", Rebull say.
Since Plejadien tähtijoukko do so near, the do ideal cosmic laboratory asters's characteristics to evaluation in revolutions per minute.
"Plejadien tähtijoukko offers anchor's asters rotation to theoretical models, who they involve both directions, nascent also old", Rebull say.
in Mei do yet far larn that, how, when also why asters they slow revolutions per minute also niin sanotusti hanging 'dance shoes' to nail.
Rebull and he's colleague they describe last analyysiaan Plejadien from revolutions per minute three articles, who is published soon Astronomical Journal -in publication.
