the 28-year-old chef was found dead in a shopping center in San Francisco
Recently San Francisco moved to the 28-year-old chef was found dead in a stairwell on the local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother says, that you do not know anyone who would want to hurt him, and says: "his case took place at long last."
The body, which was discovered in the Westfield Mall Shopping Centre on Wednesday morning, was identified at the age of 28, sanfranciscolaiseksi, Frank Galiciaksi, the San Francisco based on coroners ' Office said.
The San Francisco Police Department, said that the death was the spirit as a crime and that the investigation is in progress.
The victim's brother, Louis in Galicia, told the ABC channel KGO:lle in San Francisco, that Frank, who had previously worked as a chef in Boston, had been a dream job for line was taken into place in the sanfranciscolaisen Sons Daughters restaurant, the line was taken into keittiömestarina & six months ago.
The representative said that the sons & Daughtersin they are "shocked and devastated" at his death.
"We have a small team, which works like a close-knit family, and he will be missed very much," the representative said.
We send our thoughts and condolences to Frank's family and friends during this difficult time.
Louis Galicia said that Frank stayed at the top of the hostels, but that "his case took place at last".
"He found his apartment and the home of one of the girls", Louis Galicia told KGO:lle.
Louis Galicia said, that do not know of anyone who would have wanted to hurt his younger brother.
He was a benevolent and he had a big heart.
On her way to feel solidarity with the family was to make our food, make dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to be involved in minkäänlaisissa disputes.
He had a brother, which was drifting with the flow.
"In a world where so many things are going wrong, he was a diamond in the rough, which shone brighter every day," he said.
In all, with information, is asked to call the San Francisco Police Department's tip line number 415-575-4444.
Doctors on strike: the requirements of the new industrial action
Representatives of the junior doctors are asked to accept the new collective measures holding their kiistassaan on the new agreement.
The British Medical Association Medical Association (BMA) Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) invites the Committee of the whole Council to support the new industrial action since the beginning of September.
JDC says that Ministers have failed to grasp the concerns about the agreement.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to deny the agreement which had been agreed with BMA:n.
It was rejected by 58% of the vote of the members.
In a letter published on Thursday evening, the members of the JDC:n via Twitter President Ellen McCourt said that the Government had "persistently low" issues, which, according to him, led to the rejection of the agreement.
He said: "in the light of the statement of the Government voted in this JDC:n fully in the proposed new Treaty and formal position of all your concerns."
In response to the Government's silence JDC:n the Government has today submitted a formal request for the special meeting of the Council of BMA:n, in order to gradually increasing globalization and the expanding universe of starting early in September, the industrial action programme can count on.
The dispute has resulted in that the junior doctors have been involved in this in the first of the six to strike, including the complete work in the history of the NHS, the health care system of the solstice.
BMA:n doctors, doctor Johann Malawana, resigned after the vote had been rejected the agreement negotiated, the terms recommended by the BMA:n.
He was told by members of the BMA:n meetings before the vote on the student trainee and 54 000 doctor, that the agreement was a good one and it should be accepted.
After the vote, the Health Minister, Jeremy Hunt said that the agreement will be to impose English doctors.
Russia and Turkey: a consortium of third parties?
The gesture, which ended the crisis.
The Russian and Turkish leaders met Tuesday in the kätelläkseen each other and proclaim the eight months of the battle of words and economic sanctions officially closed.
But Vladimir Putin in St. Petersburg, the Palace of tervehtiessä Turkish kullatussa room, I got a clear impression that in Ankara to this reconciliation.
Yes, käteltiin.
But Putin's smile looked like a little compulsion, and very little of their own apart from the uhkunut heat, even according to the standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke of the constant "dear friend" Putin himself to five times, according to a report.
Freaking out.
He also vowed that relations with Russia would return not only to its pre-crisis level, but even better.
The next day the newspapers here described Erdogan's anticompetitive behaviour, as nothing bad would have never happened.
In my opinion, his zeal reflected the opposite.
But Putin himself indicated that the Russian leader with a radiant coolness has not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing that he mentioned in his opening remarks: when Turkey shot down a Russian combat aircraft to the Syrian border.
Moscow's response at the time was raging.
Putin attacked accusing Ankara that it stabbed in Moscow's back.
The insult was even worse, when it came to oletetulta from a friend.
A real confidence in the rebuilding is going to be difficult, maybe impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the State-controlled media led to the mind-boggling, in-depth attack against Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for all of this.
The most serious were the accusations that senior officials in Erdogan's own family has benefited from the illegal oil trade Isisin hallitsemilta of Syria.
He has denied this.
But in St. Petersburg the official message was that it is time to move on.
In the end, this meeting took place but that is why they are asking for an apology, Putin was President of Erdogan.
Russia reached a sort of victory.
Ankara a ceasefire agreement, the benefits are clear.
First of all, Mr Erdogan needs any friends after that, when he nearly ousted from power in last month's failed coup.
Continuing terrorist attacks in Turkey are also clearly shaken him.
In addition, there is an economic motive.
The Russian economic sanctions have been a ban on Charter flights, in particular for heavy, which usually carry many millions of venäläisturisteja the Turkish coasts each year.
The number has fallen by almost 90%.
As far as Russia is concerned, local tour operators and charter airlines are sure to be relieved when the flights eventually will continue.
They are hoping for a late-season rush to the Mediterranean Sea.
And already this week, State tv has predicted for cheaper fruit and vegetables after the imports from Turkey of agricultural products once again.
"The tourists get there, tomatoes back here", as formulated in the report of the newspaper Vedemosti.
But on a visit to Moscow at this time was also a political added value.
Ankara is angered Western countries about what is considered a weak response to the yritettyyn coup.
When it is added to the time taken the resentment at a snail's pace for advanced EU Member negotiations, the steps Putin, who is eager to take advantage of the viileyttä and to erode Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader was to be a way in which he guaranteed to be played after the coup in order to support the designated authorities.
Of course, this is, of course, a foregone conclusion to Moscow, which has its own deeply ingrained fear of change of power.
So this meeting in the seaside Palace of the prameassa made it possible for the Russian Federation and Turkey, presented by "outside Association" as one analyst described the situation for me: the two countries that will experience the West rejected them and treated them incorrectly, the joining forces.
There are, however, major differences in these two, despite a public reconciliation.
The key to the problem is Syria, which Moscow has recently aligned itself to the role of the author, but the peace with Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It may be significant that in almost three hours after the initial discussions, the Presidents told the press that they were not even addressed the issue.
The Turkish President has avoided consciously responding to the question regarding their their differences, while Putin chose to highlight them.
There is no clear consensus as to where they can find common ground in Syria.
In the months after the open hostility, and taking into account the possibility of a full-blown disaster for Nato-member Turkey's stability when firing down Russian combat aircraft, it is surely better that the two leaders are again not even on speaking terms.
Royal Bank of Scotland lost to Scotland from external customers
The President and ceo of the Bank according to the RBS brand will be reduced back-office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland lost to Scotland from external customers.
Ross McEwan told the BBC the Commercial that the RBS brand joined the Bank's international objectives.
Then, when the Bank almost collapsed eight years ago, and it had to save, it has given up on these objectives.
The Bank's strategists have used this time to ' RBS'-brand to protect the other kuluttajarahoitusbrändejä.
It support millions of pounds used in the international sport sponsorship of the Six Nations-Rugby in Wimbledon Champion Andy Murrayhin.
But now it is considered correct to give kansallisempien brands to come to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is on the Scottish with the customers, but it is not started again from the beginning.
In England and Wales, all the references to the päätoimistoa and the (RBS) stock exchange listings, with the exception of the NatWestiksi is amended as follows:.
Ulster Bank-the brand is already in use on the East coast of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller yksityispankkitoiminnan brands, which are getting more visibility: Coutts, Adam & Holt's Military Bank, Drummond and Co.
McEwania interviewed guests and staff of the round in Inverness-shiressa.
He told the BBC the Commercial: "the RBS brand will be sijoittajabrändimme and our employees the employer, because we will be now a lot more brands on the Bank."
When the Bank itself became a global brand, RBS:stä became a global brand.
I say, therefore, that we no longer have global goals, we have the local goals.
Each of these brands means something very different in their communities, and our staff works with clients on these brands below.
RBS has already stated that it will not resume the Six Nations-sponsorship, and it has raised the profile of the urheilusponsoroinnissaan of the different brands.
"Now is the time for us to move in the direction of the Bank, because in essence, brands (we asked) the question is, how can we concentrate on making this better for the Bank," the ceo said.
Three years ago I would have been a very cynical, if we had said that we're going to have a great bank customers and offered these brands.
But what we have done with the work focused on their customers ' needs, not ours, I think, that you can see a lot of changes.
We can bring those brands back, so I think that the time is right.
Frankie Dettori to win the Newmarket Predilectionin and reaches 3000 profit
Dettori spray champagne after a double victory after he or she has a total of 3000 profit
Race rider Frankie Dettori made sure 3000. the British victory in Newmarket on Friday.
He reached the milestone in the second of the evening for her efforts, in view of the home thing John Gosdenin coach Predilectionilla.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach that milestone in the race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richardsia, Doug Smith, Lester Piggottia, Pat Edderyä and Willie Carsonia.
Three times champion jockey Dettori, who won the earlier Ghayyarilla, said: "This is special."
I am very emotional, because my family is here.
I am very pleased that this happened in Newmarket, because here I started 30 years ago.
It is not a big event, this is not a Royal Ascot, but the usual Friday night and 20 000 people.
I'm relieved and very humble.
Dettori sucking in hurrauksia, when he leadeth Predilectionin raised after the victory.
The two racing riders to have achieved this milestone in the show jumping competitions, champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20 times champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had a record-setting victory in his career, that violates the rules of more than 4300.
Lester Piggot, 9-time Derby winner, 4493 profit
Frankie is one of the current era of the best racing jockeys, and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone, which only a few have achieved before him.
He is a stylish and strong, but his tactical ällinsä to distinguish him from the other in the weighing room.
He is a wonderful Ambassador for racing, with his enthusiasm and charisma have led the fans in the game for years.
I said a few weeks ago, Frankie Epsomissa, that he would have ridden the winner of the 6000, if he had not just a weekend-and the big World Cup jockey!
Entirely serious, Frankie has ridden winners in the UK for most of the 30 years, which is great to see.
He is a lively person, which is a good thing for the British to competition, but in addition, he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated a milestone in the brand muodostuneella lennokkaalla laskeutumisella.
Of people waxing lyrical late finish lennokkaisiin laskeutumisiin, Frankie Dettori has been the face of the British race riding for two decades.
This has been a roller coaster ride.
Piles of profits in big games, including his famous ' Magnificent Seven ' victory There in 1996, but he survived the plane accident and suffered from the competition because of the ban on the drug.
Three years ago, he was the top of a difficult six-month competition ban after his return, but he showed a significant character to challenge the skeptics, and on his return in the best condition.
And he may continue for a long period-Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue to compete for at least 50 years of age.
Sergei Ivanov, the Chief of staff of Russia's Putin tell
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed Chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's trusted insider for many years to come.
63-year-old has now appointed a special representative for the environment and transport.
In the opinion of the Kremlin said that Putin has "ordered by the presidential administration of Russia Ivanov to move away from the duties of the Director of", but this was not given a reason.
Ivanov, Deputy Director, starting in 2012, Anton Persecution, has been named his successor.
Hunt, 44, is a former diplomat.
He was born in the Estonian capital of Tallinn, in 2012, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations Institute (MGIMO) and the Tokyo Embassy.
Later, he led the presidential Protocol and Government personnel, says the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
When he was appointed, he said Putin: "thank you for your confidence in me."
I think that the most important task of the Administration is to support you in your efforts as a head of State, as regards the implementation of the laws drafting as well as the ohjeistuksienne.
Putin told the Russian tv station on Friday that Ivanov was asked to leave the place and recommended that the Persecution be appointed in his place.
Are the smiles of convincing?
This is a business that has perplexed Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies, and, like Putin, the security service, the Soviet KGB serves.
Esikuntapäällikkönä he was one of the country's most influential men.
State television to show the meeting with Putin, the two men argued that the Chief of staff of the retired the side on his own request.
But despite the hymyilystä cameras, only a few people here are convinced-especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
Or is this just some sort of power struggle will swell?
No one yet knows.
But the official claim that the man, which once advertised on the potential presidential candidate, wants to suddenly lead to Russia's environmental policy has been really skeptical.
The Kremlin website in the comments from Putin, Ivanov said the loan ", it is true that early in 2012, I asked you for four years, with the responsibility for this in the debate to very complex, too bad we don't have even to say the Italian Guardia di Finanza, the task.
Well, now I've been Chief of staff for four years and eight months. "
Ivanov accepted the assignment in December 2011.
He previously served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the State security service KGB serves, as well as Putin.
at the end of the 1990s, when Putin was the Director of the State security service's FSB, which replaced the Kgb, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy leader.
When Putin came to power, he cited Ivanov as one of the five people that he trusted the most.
Once it was thought that Ivan doors could come after the second period, President Putin of Russia, as Putin the third season would have been unconstitutional.
This task, however, went to the nearby liittolaiselle, another Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin himself came to the Prime Minister before his return as President, only three-and-a-half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson got kicked out after hitting producers
Gibson was last month involved in a physical dispute with a description of the location of the series in Los Angeles.
The series producers, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, announced he was to be sacked in a joint statement.
Special Agent Aaron Hotchneria played a Gibson made an apology on Thursday before his irtisanomisestaan was announced.
Description there were creative differences and disputes.
Across the street, that it happened, "he said in a statement.
ABC Studios and CBS television studios, according to the statement, details about how Gibson's character is removed from the FBI-agents from the team "series, is to be expected at a later date.
In the past, the situation comedy starring Greg of Dharma &-54-year-old has been with the series since its first season in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds series, and I've given it everything I can for the past twelve years," Gibson said in a statement issued on Friday.
I had hoped that I was involved until the end, but it is not now possible.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, an incredible team and, above all, the best fans, the series may be.
The beginning of the twelfth season of the series is scheduled for September 28. for the day.
The mystery of the fish ended up in the garden, Banff,
Banff, resident has asked for help to identify the fish, which have appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be the wind fish water Vortex is left behind.
Bain, who lives 500 meters from the sea, published by Periscopessa film material of the revelation, in the hope that someone would come to fish with the appearance of two-inch.
Queensferry Crossing-ylikulkupaikka: the bridge now extends to Fife, Scotland.
1.35 € billion the project is expected to be ready by may £ 2017
Engineers have joined the North Queensferry's crossing of the deck, and were left behind, which means that the bridge now extends to Fife.
It is the first of four non-proliferation, "the cover of viuhkojen", who are now being completed around each of the three pillars of the bridge.
The bridge is now a share of the 600-meter-long Fifesta and weighs in at 30 000 tonnes.
It is 10 000 tons of steel and 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 harusköyttä.
1.35 € billion the project is expected to be ready by may £ 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walking along the land bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry's crossing.
We are seeing all the really impressive engineering work on the project, which has been used for more than 30 000 tons of concrete and steel for the construction of this bridge. "
Despite the enormous size and weight of the bridge, were left behind to complete the bridge between non-proliferation and is demanding the exact dimensions of the mission, shall be agreed with the extreme one.
All in all, almost 79% of the bridge deck is now in place and the lid of the last leg of the concrete cover is cast into today's Rosythissa, which means that the size of the cover is ready to withdraw in place of the bridge.
Michael Martin, the head of the project, the Bridge Constructors-Fort Crossing, said: "the first shut-off in any of the bridge project is always a major milestone.
In this fantastic project, this shut-off represents the tip of the building technology.
When the last of the tiekannen share of an ever-expanding to the North Pole was installed and connected to the tiekanteen, we had to then close the remaining part of the Inland North, or to the power side.
This was done by dragging the North Road by an Earth Bank to 700 mm in the direction of the South.
This was a huge and, at the same time very demanding action.
A huge, because the viaduct is 222 m long, weighs about 6000 tonnes and it had to pull about 3% inclination angle.
Demanding, because the tolerances, according to which the team worked, were very small, only a few millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, however, all went well.
Rescue Moelfre Bay: three of the men are "fortunate when he was alive"
The three men are "fortunate when he was alive," then, when they were fishing in front of he continues to Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station, made the alarm at 13.20 (BST) on Friday after the crew saw the event developing in Moelfre Bay.
The three men tried desperately to swim to safety in their boat as they continue forward on her own.
"We saw a boat circling closer to men and thought the worst," Moelfren rescue boat helmsman Vince Jones said.
"Fortunately, the strong wind had blown it out of them by the time we got moving," he added.
A local fishing boat rescued two men, and the third, a 60-year-old man was found, hanging from poijusta without life jackets.
The men were taken to the coastal rescue boat and was brought back to the lifeboat station.
Jones said: "These three water issues of the men are in for a treat when he was alive and completely undamaged.
The boat's engine was the kill switch in the cable car, but it had somehow come off the boat ajaneesta the person, when the boat crashed.
Someone was taking care of these guys today.
Pokémon Go is a respectable health and happiness of the hunting
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
Over the past decade, many people didn't worry too much about it, that teenagers and children no longer go out to play, but that they would rather spend their free time monitors by looking at.
Pokémon Go get people to get up from the couch and to participate in one of the activities.
The display of the time was limited initially to a tv, video games, and now more recently smartphones.
It is so amazing to see that the technology and the outdoor-activity are not mutually exclusive.
I am referring, of course, villitykseen called Pokémon Go. An application that is based on the characters, which was originally developed in the 1990 's video games (later on of them was born in the animated television series, playing cards and other downstream products).
Like many pop-culture phenomena, its popularity was down to some extent prior to the adoption of this new game's release in the United States, Australia and New Zealand early in July.
After the game's release was postponed by delays in other countries, because of the huge popularity of the ylikuormitti servers.
Only the number of Pokémon Golla was more than Tinderillä and almost as much as Twitter.
How it works?
In a nutshell, explained the älypuhelimiaan in search of players using the wild Pokemon are traced with GPS, and that after the discovery of the "photograph" (phone screenshot), or "captured".
The generation that played the game at a younger age, is associated with villitykseen and jumped up from the couch, I'm looking for work.
In the United States the game has resulted in a significant increase in "the average Member" in daily increments.
Apple Watch-application the Cardiogram, which tracks the 35 000 users, reported recently in the Washington Post, that the two days of the release of the game for 30 minutes a day of moving the number of people in the 45% to 53% of the Cardiogramin will be jumped on the consumers.
The company does not know who play Pokémon Gota, it sees only the training level of the information.
Many of the calls by public health campaigns "to find 30", "get off the couch" and "not active every day," have not produced any result to the fact that the majority of public health warnings is a tedious and they care about the people who appear to be unfortunate.
The importance of physical activity, however, can't be ignored.
On a regular basis on mobile is a lower risk of developing cancer or depression.
The activity helps weight control, high blood pressure and diabetes. The benefits are too many to mention here.
Pokémon Go subtlety is that it gets people to go out and do something that they will enjoy.
This will be covered by the three pillars of health: exercise, fresh air and sunshine, as well as fun.
Some people even get metsästäessään with new friends.
As a general rule, disapprove of the joy of the pila times looking for this things to complain about.
Yes, anyone can walk your way around the door.
What about then?
There has been a breakthrough.
Even though in the past was the Fitbitin-like applications, to monitor the activity, they did not give a reason for movement in the same way as this game.
Novelty disappears and operating subsides in due course.
The Pokemon's success will, however, other games that connect applications and virtual reality in a real-world activity, helping many people to be more active in hunting Tunas, in better shape and healthier.
Read Dr. River blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles was caught by a gold medal in gymnastics moniottelussa
Forget about the pressure.
Forget the public fuss.
Simone Biles is immune to it all.
The energetic on the platform.
A smooth road.
Incredible main floor.
Great all around.
And now, in the end, the Olympic champion.
the 19-year-old American gymnast reached moniottelun in the final of the World Championship on Thursday, leaving the gap between himself and raised in the Olympic spotlight.
He kokonaispisteensä, the 62.198, were clearly better than the silver mitalistin and the "Final Five"-team-mate Aly Raismanin and A Mustafinan of the Russian bronze medalist.
The United States women's gymnastics on a balance, Simone Biles moniottelun individuals in the final years of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Bilesista became the fourth American woman, which is subsequently won the moniottelun Championship, and all in all, the fifth amerikkalaismestari. At the same time, he strengthened the reputation of his generation, and perhaps of all time, to be the best.
He broke out in tears as his final point was announced, and his long journey toward this moment.
This achievement to bring her in the same category in the best of the other generation of athletes, like Michael Phelps, who have brought a new level of its kind:
Biles has dominated the sport for the past three years, winning 15 World Championship medals, including 10 gold, programmes, with the ambition and the accuracy of the mixture has been so astounding that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the best näkemäkseni voimistelijaksi".
The last test was waiting for Brazil, the competition, which was not so much a question of Biles and other competitors, but the burden of expectations between him and the over-sized.
Return to the family home to a handful of gold medals of the Texas Springiin without it would have been a disappointment.
The United States, Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hug after winning a gold and a silver medal in women's gymnastics (in this order) in the final of the 2016 Summer Olympics moniottelun individuals in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil on Thursday, Limewire gives you innumerable advantages
Biles achieved his first medal on Tuesday, when he was the pinnacle of eläköityvän national team coordinator, Martha Karolyin, starting at a party.
Although Biles claimed that he has never thought about the future as he walked through the long way to the top, it is not entirely true.
Part of her floor exercise programme, with his trademark somersault bypass is aligned with the latinalaisamerikkalaiseen music, that would be ideal for the street next to the Rio olympialaisareenan.
This is not a coincidence.
This girl, with her maternal grandparents adopted in a cowboy outfit, and that coach Aimee Boormanin mother found when the girl was a student on the way to the gym, where Boorman coached, has become a powerhouse.
He has not been lost on the moniottelussa summer 2013, and this winning streak is likely to continue as long as the Biles wants.
Although the head of the tournament after two rounds, had a small Mustafina, it was just an illusion.
Balance beam and floor exercises, with Biles is a reigning world champion, were waiting.
He rose to the top of the boom points 15.433 and crossed them in the pit getting 15.933.
Raisman hugged her, when they were waiting for the final points-a mere formality, and the tears rose to Bilesin glitterpunaisella, the white and the blue tack on the limited eye contact when, for which he once wrote a clip, came true.
Raismanin performance was some sort of a revenge four years ago, when he was with shared third place, but lost the bronze to Mustafinalle the jump-off.
This time, the 22-year-old platoon leader, which the Americans refer to as "called by some the", was clearly in the lead.
He sent kisses to the audience after the performance in terms of emotion, she had to return to the who between them seemed questionable.
What are the Bilesiin, the 19-year-old wide-spread Tweet more this week takes on a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims in a series of murder was shot in their listening to the music in your car
In Phoenix last year in the first ten sarjamurhaajatapauksen kuolettavimmassa attack killed two women and a 12-year-old girl sat in the car talking and listening to music when they were shot. Thus, it was reported on Thursday by the police, published in the bulletin.
Authorities said that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie r. Ellis and Ellis ' daughter, Maleah shot 12. June ajotiellä parked were in the car.
The car on the passenger's side stood the shooter was triggered by a hand gun up to eight times and fled after a second vehicle.
According to the police, the kolmoissurma does not affect the result, because the attacker could have been a robbery, not exported handbags or another adult victim has been $2900.
The representative of the Phoenix Police, Sergeant Jonathan Howard, said that the shooting was in the context of the four scientists to look at whether it was a previous attack.
In all, seven people have been killed and two wounded during the four months of the nine in the attack, which was the main part of the city in the two latinalaisamerikkalaisessa.
"These are taking place in a residential area in front of the home," Howard said earlier this month on CBS ' subsidiary KPHO:lle.
The suspect is believed to have used a number of means of transport, such as the second half of the 1990s, Brown Nissan, the second half of the 1990s, a black Bmw and a white Cadillacia or Lincolnia.
The researchers have not agreed to disclose the evidence that led to the conclusion that the attacks are related to each other and are of the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was due to injuries in the hospital, where died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis ' daughter, Maleah, died on the scene.
An eyewitness told police that they were sitting in the car listening to music is often pysäköidyssä.
Authorities released the police release the shooting, which occurred just half an hour before the kolmoissurmaa and which was empty, some fast. This is believed to have been the work of the serial killer.
The researchers found the bullets and bullet fragments, bullet cores seat the engine compartment.
Mikrokefaliaa suffering from a 6-year-old mother: "situation"
Edmund Picciuto, like most of the other age, loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But, unlike a large proportion of the classrooms from their peers, Edmund is Wikimedia Commons. This is the result of a genetic disorder, from which her mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, did not know when she was pregnant.
"When he first came home, ensiajatukseni was, that I am not in a position to do this.
I am not in a position to do this.
I agreed to this.
What is not at all true, of course, preferably by, "he said.
Her and her husband, Vincent, was told that Edmund is not necessarily ever learn how to identify them, and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested that he would be cared for.
"My initial reaction was, ' I didn't know people still do it '", Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks walking gear.
Edmund did not sit or at 3 years old, and he crept into than the talking still.
But he achieved slowly some of the milestones.
He walks aided and drive a bike.
In addition, he loves to play with his two brothers, as well as singing.
Elizabeth show you how Edmund, keksimillä viittomilla viitotaan "laulaisitko me".
"We teach her sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But this is no ordinary sign language-he will tell you that Edmund has come up with some of their own viittomiaan.
Mikrokefalia can be caused by many different factors: genetic, such as Edmund, raskaudenaikaisista, or in the case of virus infections, such as tuhkarokosta or Zika-virus.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of people infected with Zika.
The uncertain future of the emotional load Picciuto remember.
I asked about just what's going to happen.
What's going to happen?
And he really still do not know.
I am in fact not asked at the time, because I do not expect a forecast that no one would be able to kind of me really.
But Picciutolla is a hopeful Avenue of advice for mothers with infants is Zikasta due to a birth defect.
The situation is easier.
Can you believe that the situation will be easier.
You love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain and floods caused the rescue operations on the Mississippi in Louisiana
The heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana got the Governor to declare a State of emergency on Friday. More rain was expected in the State on Saturday.
National Weather Service-weather service reports that a number of rivers in southeastern Louisiana and Southern Mississippi and submerge a large flood threat due to the extremely tough rainy.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said that the State authorities are in constant contact with the local authorities, and that help is on the way already at the districts.
The Governor's Office of security and emergency preparedness Representative Mike Steele said, that they will receive requests to increase the water transport, boats and sand sacks.
Steele said that the solo Tangipahoan County asked for tens of thousands of sand bags.
A flood watch is in effect until a large part of southern Louisiana, Saturday.
Weather service said in a statement that the region is expected to be even three to five cents for more rain.
In Southern Alabama flood watch was in effect on Friday, when the rain continued in the Mobile area.
Baton Rouge near a flowing river of Denham Springs near the Comite flowing Amite River are located both in Louisiana, and they predicted to make the flood peak record over the weekend.
Sääennustaja Alek Krautmann said that both of the rivers could flood a number of department stores in Baton Rouge, close to the suburban areas.
He also said that the threat of further down the River, the flood of the Ascension of the District of the flooded rivers are falling slowly in Lake Maurepas.
Mississippi State border on the South side of the River was flowing Tickfaw Lousianan Liverpool's all time highest level Friday morning at nine.
The rescuers pick up more and more people flood the water Amiten and Wilkinson counties in southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford and his wife and their son were rescued on Friday, close to the Glosteria.
62-year-old Hansford says, that the normally more than 400 feet away from his house, the Beaver Creek the water rose quickly during the night.
He says that the other, close to stopping the stepson warned him.
"We woke up, and the water just continues to rise," Hansford said.
It was extended to vyötärölleni.
Hansfordin wife told her husband that she has not seen a stream of water so high up in the 48 years that she has lived there.
Hansford said that as well as his family members shall have all the injuries, and that he is the only uimataitoinen.
Hansford said that rescue workers were rescued by a trio of large, military-style truck in the car and took them to the Glosterin fire station, where the saved spent on Friday.
Krautmann says that the floods "are spreading fast and wide" heavy rainfall continues, and that the authorities are planning an evacuation.
Krautmann says, that one of the eyewitness reports 13.75 Livingston near inches of rain between midnight and Friday morning.
Krautmann, said that country was from Wednesday till fully sustained as steeped in.
Heavy rain and flooding from the streets led to the rescue of residents from their homes, as well as the District of the Tangipahoan lessons, a cancellation of the five school in the district, authorities said.
CBS subsidiary WWL reported that a member of the City Council of Tangipahoassa said the 200 home leftover.
Residents were evacuated in two of the Church, but both are now flooded.
The President of the Commission, Robby Miller, said that the authorities rescued 72 people and 7 your four-legged friend, who had been surrounded by the rise of the water.
The towns of Amiten and Hammond has opened a shelter for those who have been evacuated.
"They will be allowed to return to their homes, when the water begins to fall," he said.
Tangipahoan County, in the town of Hammond Street was shut down due to the increase in water for a couple of decades, and residents were allowed to pick up sand bags to try to keep the water out of their homes and shops.
"The most recent major flood here was in March," said city administrative officer Lacy Landrum.
This is coming in a similar case.
Mississippi, Harrison County emergency Director Rupert Lacy said that the steady rain continued in the Gulf of Mexico coast.
He said that on Thursday, a handful of houses were told of world-famous architect Alvar Aalto, but so far there are no reports of any cases of flooding on Friday.
Amitessa, the leader of the movement in the Value of Foods-a Shopper Keith Townson has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I have seen water in places where I'm not the never-before-seen", Townson said, "and the rain continues to intensify."
"Full of bullets ' had a six-year-old Mahaj Brown survives in Philadelphia shooting
The police will tell you that kuusivuotiasta boys is shot in Philadelphia, which means another six year old firing in this week.
The child's grandparents told CBS Philadelphialle his name to Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown was given a number of gunshot injuries requiring major, among other things, in the groin, foot, hand and stomach, but he was conscious when he was transferred to the hospital.
"He suffered a lot, his small body was riddled with bullets," the boy's grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
I can't believe it.
In the hospital the boy's status is recorded in ' critical ', and he has performed a number of surgeries.
The family tells the station that he hoped.
The boy was embarking on a first class at a local grade school.
Brown was one of four feral pig, man Germantownin.
The three men were shot: the two 29-year-old and one of the 32-years old.
One 29-year-olds of the men was reported to be in critical condition. the other two victims were in stable condition, according to CBS in Philadelphia.
The child was found shot through the car etupenkiltä together with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reported.
The other two victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether one of the wounded men to be the shooter.
Scientists tell the CBS Philadelphialle, that it seems that there was a crossfire between a number of snipers.
Assault gun types of caps that come from a variety of assault weapons, filled the venue.
It seems that it was definitely a running battle.
The street was in the cores of the sidewalk on both sides.
"So it seems that there were a number of armed fighters, and that they were active in combat", the Philadelphia police officer Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also hits.
Arrests are not made and according to the information received, the police will examine the surveillance camera tapes.
The second, six-year-old girl, got here in hit his hand on Tuesday, when he was playing in front of his home in West Oak Lane neighborhood.
He is now recovering, and the police are still looking for suspects.
Why do we need a Simonea, Gabbya and Laurieta
Thus an invitation to this year's women's Olympic gymnastics team, for more than one reason.
First of all, I've been on time since 1984, the summer Olympics, and the U.S. has never been so dominant.
And secondly, This team is involved in three voimistelijaa, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have inspired many of the colored girls.
The composition of this team, that Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Kocian are complementary, not all proud.
This team seems to have, at long last, America.
It has also established itself in the presence of women in the top of the dark-skinned and Latin American species.
For the last four years, there has been notable as one of the most successful naisvoimistelija.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were first and second.
This is awesome.
In the last Olympics, Olympic, and Gabby Douglas surprised America cheered.
Now, the world has witnessed three times world champion Simone Bilesin, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez incredible performance, in which they present the unexpected but masterly gymnastics programs.
On Thursday, Simonesta became the fourth American woman, which is subsequently won the individual gold in the women's moniottelussa.
And teammate Aly Raisman was awarded the silver medal.
We will see the peak of the species, but the situation does not seem that gymnastics halls across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie went on all the same path, as Aly and Madison in achieving the Olympic team.
They are the "Final Five" (the last five), as in the following Olympics gymnastics team, there will be only four voimistelijaa, and this is the last year of the coach, Marta Karolyin.
The reality, however, is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts train, as a rule, private gymnastics clubs, which are maintained by the parents who pay for coaching, facilities, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel charges (for coaches and their supporters, as well as to the families of the men's artistic gymnastics), and the list goes on.
A large part of the gymnastics clubs in the area are located in the affluent esikaupunkinaapurustoalueilla that can support the species.
These clubs gymnasts receive all the training, and this is an expensive and long-lasting commitment to the families of the gymnasts.
Aimee Boorman, Simone Bilesin coach, as well as Maggie Haney, Laurie Hernandez coach, are both nurtured urheilijoitaan since then, when they started gymnastics.
We need to bring more affordable and available to gymnastics coaching communities where living in S, Gabbyn and Laurien innostamat a significant number of young girls.
I set up a voimistelusäätiöni for 20 years ago.
Järjestöissäni, we have been offering free and low-cost gymnastics in Harlem for more than 15 000 kaupunkilaisnuorelle (mainly in black and latinoille) and we have nurtured national and international champions.
In September, we extend to Detroit in order to provide a high level of gymnastics (my hometown) to young people, who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this remarkable olympialaislajista.
Gymnasts develop body strength, flexibility and coordination, as well as the mind, hard work, discipline and determination.
This combination offers the benefits of good health for life, as well as school-and työmenestykselle.
This team's inspiration may be thousands of young girls to start gymnastics, and it is awesome.
Sport is so important, especially for girls.
We live in an exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison that you showed a serious "girl power" by winning the Olympic team gold, and that the motivoitte are so many young girls from different backgrounds, to start on the road to a healthy, strong and prosperous young people divorce.
Junior doctors, organized by the new strikes after rejecting a proposal by Jeremy Hunt
The Ministers had hoped the closure of the controversial changes to the agreement by the Union of the British Medical Association-enhanced with 58% of the vote, but can serve as a doctor from 37 000 rejected it.
How to Hunt in July, revealed plans for the agreement, saying that the NHS was "unknown territory", and that even small additional delays damage the staff and patients.
The first junior doctors will be transferred to the new Treaty, which includes changes to the yölliseen and a good deal of the weekend in order to improve the treatment of difficult hours.
Dr. Ellen BMA:n McCourt, Chairman of the junior doctors, said last night: "the doctor trainees is still serious concerns about the proposed agreement, in particular the fact that it stirs up the existing employment crisis, and that it does not treat all the doctors in a balanced way."
After a period of time before the first group of doctors will be transferred to the new Treaty is only eight weeks, progress must be made, and time is running out.
BMA:n attempts to resolve the dispute through negotiations have encountered government reluctance to participate and from time to time, a deep sense of tranquility.
This in spite of Jeremy Hunt's promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now to remove the sanctions, and to take into account the concerns of doctors in training.
If he does not do so, the junior doctors are prepared to continue to take collective action.
The most recent strike at the end of April, meant almost 13 000 routine surgery and the time of the suspension, the 100 000 nurses and to consult the doctors was recruited to act as replacements for the doctors ' strike to stand guard.
The Ministers had hoped an agreement on the closure of the controversial changes by the British Medical Association-the Association of the revamped staff.
The BMA wants to better the weekend Convention of doctor trainees pay 54 000.
Daniel Mortimer, Managing Director of the Swedish employers ' Confederation called on the NHS to Get-doctors, so they do not go on strike.
Mortimer said: "Työtaisteluilla will be achieved very little, or nothing, but they are putting pressure on the already demanding teams and services, as well as a cause of worry, anxiety and disruption to patients, the concerns of officers and their families."
In the last two months, we have discussed with the Committee and the Junior Doctors Committee, together with the Ministry of health, and others, have responded positively to their concerns regarding the role of the control (the Guardian Role) and patience (Whistleblowing).
The employers were hopeful that the continued positive development of the discussion on other important issues-such as, education, flexibility, training, training expenses for returning to the sapattivapaalta, the opintovapaasta, as well as mutual recognition of educational program, the pay gap between the sexes in medicine-is a sign of how seriously the employers, Health Education and training organization, as well as the Ministry of health of England-are the months of November, February and may BMA:n with the respect for the agreements.
Two pounds a day paying a drug can reduce heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients have a medicinal product which will benefit from two pounds a day after authorities recommended that it be given to people for a longer period of time.
Blood clot-inhibiting drug ticagrelor, to drop the renewable scene risk in people with heart disease.
The medicine will be given for a period of 12 months after a heart attack, so the risk of stroke or another scene with the risk of falls.
NHS administrator, NICE has advised that it should be given to the people for a period of four years, in order to more and calculate the risk of cardio-vascular problems.
But now the Nhs administrator, NICE has advised that it should be given to the people for a period of four years, in order to more and calculate the risk of cardio-vascular problems.
About 140 000 people each year have a heart attack in England, and one of these is the scene or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by arterial wall of accumulated fat-material, which forms the ahtaumia.
If the stenosis of a ruptured, it can cause a blood clot that blocks blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
If a clot breaks off, it can travel through the blood and cut off the blood supply to the brain, causing a stroke.
Persons who have already received one scene, there is an elevated risk of having another.
Ticagrelor, produced by a British company AstraZeneca, which is sold under the trade name Brilique, to reduce this risk by making clots less likely.
The draft guidance published today NICE:n it is recommended that the people are given a 90 mg ticagreloria for a period of 12 months, followed by 60 mg of aspirin taken with twice a day over the next two years.
Professor Carole Longson, NICE:n health technology assessment, the Director of the Centre, said: "despite the availability of effective preventive treatments in progress, up to a quarter of heart attack with receiving a second heart attack or stroke, the consequences are often disastrous."
A relapse of fear can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, together with aspirin is effective to reduce the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
Suositellessamme preliminary ticagreloria we are pleased to be able to increase the availability of treatment options for the many thousands of them, possibly to those people.
Because information on the effectiveness and safety of ticagrelorin-in particular as regards the bleeding risk-more than a three-year time periods are limited, the draft guidelines do not recommend treatment for a longer period of time, as this period of time.
The culture of political correctness will allow electoral fraud to flourish in Muslim areas
Tower Hamlets has a former Mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from Office because of corruption, giving impetus to the Government last year for the report.
The culture of political correctness has led to the widespread vote fraud in the Muslim communities have been ignored by the Government, will be revealed today a terrible report.
Former Cabinet Minister Sir Eric Pickles sättii police, vaalivalvojia and the city councils of the fact that they have disregarded the evidence of electoral fraud, "race and religion-related hypersensitivity".
The former Secretary of the community, the current emperor of the non-compliance, the fight against corruption, said that voter intimidation motivated is so serious that the police should be allowed the opportunity to set a guard to protect the threads on the outside of the polling stations and the plain withdrawal of voters.
He recommends that voters should present proof of identification when it voted to prove who they are.
Today, the voters have to say his name and address.
The report even proposes that the vote on the person's fingers were to be imperishable of ink, so that no one could vote twice.
Whistleblowers should be protected better, Sir Eric says.
He calls the press better access to the documents of the Board of Governors and the decisions taken by the Working Group, informal committees or have done.
"This is not just the election cheating, but it would protect would protect local government against corruption and financial fraud in the wider culture, which goes hand in hand with the election fraud," he said.
The Government commissioned a report by East London Tower Hamlets has a vote as a result of the scandal.
Last year, the erityisvaalituomioistuin decided that the sitting Mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from Office the number of charges of corruption and illegal activities.
The Court said Rahman "the most cynical had been misrepresented by" the Muslim community the religious sentiment, as well as accusations of racism and Islamophobia hiljentäneen its critics.
Rahman is said to have "which led to the election campaign on the basis that it was the duty of the faithful Muslim religious vote for him".
Up to 300 votes were questionable or the result of the fact that the person voting, appearing in another.
Sir Eric said, that evidence of fraud is found all over the country.
He expressed particular concern about the election fraud in the vote, in which the post of senior members of the Muslim community was said to have exerted pressure people to vote for the candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made a number of recommendations for the cleaning of the voting system, including the identification of the person of a certificate
He in his report says: "the evidence was the fact that some members of the ethnic minority communities vulnerable, particularly women and young people, in particular, to vote, according to the will of the elders they were pressured in the communities, which is a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background.
"The concerns that were raised ... the State institutions were ignored such behaviour ' politically korrektin' race and religion-related hypersensitivity."
Sir Eric made 50 proposals to clean up the system. These included the denial, that political activists would be dealt with by mail ballot, came to "the collection of votes" would end.
The report, by Theresa May, also calls for more stringent amendments to registrations, in order to prevent the use of the electoral register of the immigration and claims of fraud.
View the options of the identity of the voters is invoked before the vote.
Use the imperishable ink to vote a person's finger, so that no one will be able to vote twice.
The nationality of the amendments run systematic to ensure that they are eligible to vote.
Set a three-year limit on requests for automatic mail vote.
To prevent political activists deal with the prepared through the mail came the sounds and the envelopes with votes sent to.
Let the police set the guard chains around the polling stations.
To change the law so that it is easier to blame the people of intimidation, the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Make photography into the polling stations.
Require that the polling will be used only in English (except in Wales).
Confirm your training to make sure that the staff will stick to the rule, according to which the voters will go to the booth alone.
Sir Eric teilaa greater London police forces, saying that it is "amazing" that no criminal charges brought in Tower Hamlets-the way to your after.
"To keep up with Lutfur Rahman and the election Court his new officers in a number of corruption-and as a result of illegal actions," he said.
Him a great number of criteria was found guilty without any doubt, the threshold of criminal evidence.
He also criticized the inefficient "tick the box-checks" on local councils voting registration agencies.
Sir Eric said: "last year Tower Hamlets-the was a wake up call.
Kansakunnallamme is a legacy of the role of the parliaments, but this worrying spread of electoral fraud, as well as certain and secretive groups, the prohibition of the threat of the facts that have a good reputation. "
Crazy about Kate's pyöräilijäkaksoisolentoon and other celebrities ilmetyt pictures the Rio Olympics
The Rio 2016 Olympic Games this week, the fans have gone haywire in the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot'sta, which has proven to be the Duchess of Cambridge, an impressive double.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is definitely not the only one this summer gold fighting an athlete who can brag about on their own in the famous kaksoisolennollaan-at least according to social media.
So at the moment, the Rio Olympic Games and all the ruuduillamme of the famous face in honor of FEMAIL is compiled a list of olympiaurheilijoista, which clearly show the Hollywood julkkiksilta.
The Hunter and the Wolf: the U.S. men's archery team members of the Brady Ellisonia, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio ever since he was a child
Cycling track to find Kate's kaksoisolennon in addition, many of the people on the net have been quick to point out how a certain competitor could be a star Leonardo DiCaprion Gemini.
The U.S. men's archery team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after the surface his photographs, in which she looks eerily the same as The Wolf of Wall Street.
And, in fact, becoming aware of social media, Archer admitted that he is a child, heard together at the Leolta.
"In fact, I don't see a great likeness, except perhaps in terms of shaving," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He is a good looking type, so I guess this is a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London for the year 2012 certainly also this year: a startling resemblance to the British long jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Alya Mustafinan, with its large, ilmeikkäine eyes is said to be a Cuban-American singer Gloria Este fan's kaksoisolennon.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burghia has for many years been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrisoniin.
A bigger gear to the eye: this user believes that Nathan is Inception-the actor's "sporty version"
Another longtime tennis star Rafael Nadal's reference has been and actor Josh Hartnettin, both of which have the same strong eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medalist swimmer Yulia Efimovalla is more than just the same actress Annalynne McCord are available through with tanned skin and blonde hair, while the American team of Nathan Adrian to remind the fans that "Joseph Gordon Levittin sporty version".
Hard women: soccer star Hope Solo, on the left, and Dexter-actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, share a similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very pleased to see that the other saw the similarities between the
Presentation of the theory: This user a couple of similarity can be the cause of the
One of the Twitter users recently expressed his happiness as a result of the fact that the site is "the rest on the Internet think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are in fact identical."
And the American football star and Dexter's näyttelijättärellä is actually incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons has been Kerri Walsh-Jennings and his smile, which is nearly identical to the actress Laura Linneyn a smile, as well as the gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, whose own, beautiful wide smile to match the Bring It On-Star Gabrielle Union's smile.
Patterns of Olympic commentator to apologise after saying the Chinese swimmer's "dead as a pig"
Byron Macdonald's analysis of the 14-year-old Ai instead of the women's 4 × 200 m freestyle, Yanhanin the fourth message infuriated Wednesday direct patterns of the Olympic broadcast viewers.
Patterns of Canadian broadcaster has had to apologize after one of its selostajista said during the race a 14-year-old Chinese female swimmer's "losing like a bad smell" and "dead like a pig".
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought that his microphone was turned off when he began to share some of my own opinions on the women's 4 × 200 m freestyle at the post in the final.
Macdonald's, which came from selostajatiimiin to patterns of "color", was heard to say: "Bring your little one a 14-year-old from China möhläsi, baby.
Too eager, lost like a bad smell, died like a pig.
Thank you for that. "
Kiinalaisuimari Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the message at the time of 1:57.79-1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor Ruck, which gave Canada the opportunity to take China to catch up.
Viewers across Canada will respond quickly to the tone of the language used and the network järkytyttyään.
Emmett Macfarlane twiittasi, "Did just that with the Chinese sports commentator patterns of a 14-year-old swimmer ' died like a pig '???
An idiot not to realize that he is still straight. "
The Chinese Ai Yanhania was filmed in the women's final of the 200 metres freestyle, 4 x the following message: "Bring your little one a 14-year-old from China möhläsi, baby."
Review of Byron MacDonaldia against sankkaa and many on Twitter was haastaessa him.
Twitter users have stopped themselves when they hear how reckless Byron MacDonald was.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent Canada and CBC:tä and you'll get us all sound like a racist clique entry visas. #inhottavaa. "
Soon after, Scott Russell, which was hosted by patterns of transmission, asked live on air apology Macdonald's comments, saying: "we are sorry for that comment for swimming performance was broadcast.
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry that this has happened. "
The CBC ended up to apologise more than 90 times from people who were twiitanneet in response to the comment.
Selostajakollega Scott Russelin had to apologize on behalf of the Macdonald's.
After the CBC copies and apologized to the more than 90 Twitter users were complaining about Macdonald's comments.
The tv company also asked quickly apologized and released a statement.
We deeply regret that these statements were made, and that they were sent.
We set out today in the evening, quickly and katsojiltamme as well as seuraajiltamme live on air, we asked forgiveness in social media.
For the sake of clarity, it must be said that Byron's comments were linked to the swimmer's performance, not him as a person.
But it was, however, inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron is very sorry for message.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized live on air and tried to define the comment by saying that he did not mean it can interpret as a personal attack.
"I would like to ask in this moment sorry comments, which I did last night after the women's message," he said of the patterns of the Olympic broadcast.
"I was referring to the swimmer's performance, I am not him as a person."
"Needless to say, I did not mean it in the epäkunnioittavana, and that I am truly sorry."
Primarkin customer aghast at the woman who brazenly atoned for underwear in the middle of the trade
Customers did not know where to look, when the woman took off her clothes in the middle of the Primarkin movement in order to try out lingerie.
Things did not improve it, that its assessment of how he looked like your pants, Lady peel them off her clothes and put back on the shelf.
He went on to fudge and finally arranged in four pairs of panties in the shop, which was located in the Bouverie Place Shopping Centre Dollands Moor in Folkestone.
Bouverie Place shopping Primarkin business centre Dollands Moor in Folkestone, where the woman arranged lingerie, and then put them back on the shelf
At the same time, trade was the mother of two of Jenny Davidson said that after trying the lingerie of the mysterious Lady "dressed up again and walked out of the store without buying anything."
He said: "the people did not believe their eyes."
A woman stood in the middle of the trading floor, took out a pair of underpants, which were on display in my pants and took off his clothes and put on some socks for vessel sovitettavat in the foot.
"He's not even trying to find a secluded place of Atonement, he just stood there in it's own."
"All stared at when she took off her panties and clearly have them, because to put them back on the shelf."
He did the same thing for another three, before the pair finally decided that he did not have any, dressed up again and walked out.
"He didn't seem to care who was looking at or thinking about people who would end up buying panties, which he adapted."
33-year-old Kent in stopping Davidson said: "it's disgusting to think that someone will take you to his home, that someone else has tried it, but which have not been cleaned."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "from what I understood, that the staff apparently tried to remove clothing from the sale of a woman's left, which is all well and good."
"It would be terrible to go home with a new uncompromising and discover that the other woman is wearing them and disarmed them away, and have not been washed."
Primarkin said: "Primark is aware of the incident, which took place in Folkestone in motion on Tuesday 9. of August.
All these products have been removed from the sale. "
This way you can defend itself against armed attacks Krav Magaa using
The world is a dangerous, but in this video you can make about the Dailymail, a little safer for you.
We talked about the New York City living with the Krav Maga Federation, the Grand Master of the Rhon Mizrachi, to see how to deal with heiluttelevia to be stained with the looters.
We were coming to you then the front or back, this video will show you how you can pay the attacker at the same time.
Mizrachi, if you approached from behind, first must turn, so that you can see the hyökkääjäsi and "raivaat came on the line."
After you grab the gun in the forearm and shoulder, before you hit the attacker in the face with a free kyynärpäälläsi.
Continue striking at the knee in the groin, and when the attacker goes to double up in pain, twist the gun in his hands, hit him in the face with the butt of a gun and going back on this, keeping the gun pointed at him.
If armed with a person approaching from the front, the technology is the same: remove your body came from, grab your weapon and turn it around so that the criminal will not be able to launch.
Put the weight of the firearm, and at the same time hit the aggressor in the chest, then twist the gun from his grasp, backed away from, and then click her with a gun.
Does this sound difficult?
See how he finished, exactly, does this.
But keep in mind that if you're not a Krav Maga's grand master, the safest way out of the robbery is to give up your money.
Bed and Ian Wright for the European likaisimpia places to nuoleskelee tour
A British tourist has set a serious challenge to the immuunijärjestelmällensä and oksennusrefleksillensä likaisimmista and yököttävimmistä up by licking some of the European places.
Suffolkista matkakirjoittaja from the presenter and Ian Wright, 51, licked the euro banknotes were withdrawn from circulation, not able to Piccadilly Circus, the train through the flushing button as well as the Russian public phone to prove the strength of the immune systems.
Before each item in the nuolaisemista he took the photo himself and us to show the situation of the metre, which he was getting into.
The trial, which was a movie called the inner strength to the trail, however, yielded surprising results.
The idea of a train that is used by thousands of people in the flushing button nuolaisemisesta may seem completely repulsive, but in fact the hotel was awful in the kitchen is more of a bad bacteria.
On his way through Europe Wright spoke of the constant doctors and medical professionals in the intestinal flora and her for their own health.
Fortunately, none of his nuolemansa is not left him more a bad taste in the mouth.
Wrightista became well known around the world, his travel to the bowel movement was documented over the sustainability of the tester and while eating some strange and wonderful things.
This public railway stations converted from the toilet seat flush button extends actually tested his immuunijärjestelmäänsä.
In, he said: "from childhood I have been rather carefree in terms of their health, and I have put in my mouth all sorts of things from the soil, worms and kuraisesta out of the water."
Indeed, he confirmed his reputation as a film.
The only thing, which she refused, was filthy Russian public tv.
His näytteessään was a unit of more than 4000 metres. photosynthesis
In comparison, the vastapestyjen hand reading should be less than 60.
But in one of the Russian public is equiped he refused to nuolaisemaan, when the outcome seemed more than 4000 units of foto metres, and vastapestyjen of the hands, the result is less than 60.
Wright has produced a traveler's movie, the inner strength on the track, together with the Finnish dairy, Diet, too. The film will be the number of bacteria in different places, such as in the bathroom.
Carbon monoxide in the film said: "This is just about the worst thing that I've smelled in the toilet."
There is no it dirtier!
I'm not going to count one's anything, because here is the unpopular Repulse.
The inner strength to the trail was produced together with the Finnish dairy, Diet, too.
The company offered a Gefilusta Committee on Wrightille, which contains lactic acid bacteria, as well as (C) and (D), who will help to improve the human intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Eating snacks, juice and the leader of the new categories of Niko Vuorenmaa said: "we wanted to really provide consumers with something new.
Something that would be fascinating to look at, and which at the same time, would explain the probiotic benefits.
Heittelimme up in the air a lot of crazy ideas, and we came up with the idea of ' soitetaanpa [25] Somerhalder '. "
They claim that the interest in intestinal health is becoming a global phenomenon.
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to set them in a larger context: tell the everyday environment of good and bad bacteria, intestinal health, the importance of the relationship, as well as its immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and this documentary allows us an interesting way to tell more about it to consumers.
I think that the document also shows that there is a great sense of humor!
Director Tom H added: "Let's say it now while this way: If Ian would have licked some of the things he asked for details, such as the one in the movie, I would have lost my respect for the unpopular Repulse Russian for him."
Understandably, some of the nuoltavista was easier to [25] Somerhalder, while the part was pretty difficult.
I'm glad that we got to the part about those dirty nuolaisuista saved. "
84% of the diet in the year 2015, doing survey respondents combined lactic acid bacteria specific to the abdomen and intestines, and 58 percent said that they, at least, between the use of the products, which have been added to the lactic acid bacteria.
The bully family destroyed the rental house in Cornwall Saltashissa, before the eviction process
The bully in the family caused a £ 50 000 temporary apartment after they were driven from the neighbors, the terrorist sound.
Tanya to Keldon's leaderboard and his partner Shaun Trebilcock has thrown out the Cornwall Saltashissa property after one of them had been contested on numerous occasions.
When they were removed from the property by force, our housing the company's officers have said the poor condition of the property.
The walls were made of gaping holes, the floorboards had been torn from the walls, the floor and the waste had been applied was tuhrittu.
The family has now moved elsewhere, and is believed to be living in private tourism accommodation.
Conna McEvoy, Cornwall Housing the company's Superintendent, said that he was afraid that the properties cannot be correct.
He said: "this has been a real nightmare for residents, and I believe that people should have to live this way.
This is where a lot of the issues under consideration, as this property will most likely also known as Cornwall less comfortable groups.
This family is notorious, and their name is notorious. "
The couple had three sons, who lived between the residence and according to the police, the family, the reign had to include the street fighting of the nearby residents with golf clubs, baseball, intimidation, drug use, drug sales, as well as gain from screaming, fights and swearing.
47-year-old Skeldon, whose name was in the rental agreement, made the decision in June to antisocial behavior.
Many of the rooms of the House are under threat of demolition, found the old waste.
The property, which have been previously passed to the drugs, the floorboards was kiskottu up.
Neighbors said that the family was seen as the tappelemassa on the street, and that the police was played on a regular basis.
Cornwall Housing's eviction by force of a woman's and partner's property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks, the time change on a voluntary basis.
Eased up the eviction process, saying that their neighbors welcomed the progress made in their lives had become hell.
One said: "they didn't bother anyone."
We lived in their country for 20 years, and the situation has always been bad.
We have seen the police here in an incredible number of times.
"This morning, we were not able to sleep.
We got up, because here was so quiet-we are not used to it!
It's wonderful, now that they are finally gone. "
Cornwall Housingin neighborhood toimeenpanojohtaja Adam Fitzpatrick said that the family did not cooperate with the local authorities.
The family has lived in the House for 20 years, and the police were called to the property often
Debris and old toys has been thrown down to the rental of the House villiintyneelle wall.
He added: "it is a pity that the resident does not take any responsibility for their own and family behavior, since the eviction is always the last of the Cornwall Housingin being considered by the procedure.
This was a very difficult case, it was extreme, and their actions certainly frightened neighbors.
I appreciate all my team, Devon and Cornwall Police, as well as the brave, the work carried out by the members of the community who gave us information.
I hope that this development will bring something of solace to neighbors and to send a message about the use of the antisocial not be accepted.
Fitzpatrick said that the three boys all lived on the property at different times, but they were all kaksissakymmenissä.
An eviction after a one-bedroom on the floor left a dirty mattress
The housing of the company's employees now have to clean up the House is surrounded by waste stacks
In 2014, the police raided the property and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as in the scale, as well as 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon was fined after admitting guilty to possession with intent to distribute a class b drug.
He claimed that the money was intended for the burial of his son Lee Skeldonin stone. This was killed in a car accident in 2013.
Apparently, Tanya and her partner live in homeless after now in private tourism accommodation.
Many of the rooms of the house walls had tuherrettu graffiti.
Police say that they are trying to evict residents who flout the rules of the rental contract.
Angela Crow in Devon and Cornwall Police said that the eviction was a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
"This is a message for those who think that their behavior is without penalty, as well as for those who suffer from the sort of behavior," he said.
Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate the criminal and antisocial behaviour. The police will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were struck, when military jets flew over the beach on the periphery of the low
Auringonpalvojaturistit Portugal Aveiro felt the shock of his life
The Portuguese air force P-3 c Orion aircraft swept over a really low
The air force said that this was a training flight and claimed that security is not compromised
At this very moment, the terrified tourists began to panic, when a low-flying jet plane swept over the beach, full of.
The dramatic recording shows how military aircraft came to almost touch the sandy strip of the North of Portugal in Aveiro, sunseekers has been.
Holidaymakers who stood up when they began understandably worry about the noise of the shower from the beginning, even if they are behind the clouds couldn't see what was coming towards them.
The incident occurred near Aveiro, Costa Nova, yesterday afternoon.
One of the many holidaymakers do the dramatic fly-past, which released the videos, social media, was Daniel Fernandes, who said: "It went over twice for the really low, and at one point looked as if it would be syöksymässä to the ground."
Nuno in our category added: "I was surfing and I really felt like a machine would have been going to fall on me."
The tourists on the beach in Aveiro were horrified when the machine came out of the darkness and flew to an incredibly low
The Portuguese air force said today that the P-3 c Orion-pilot was a training flight, the purpose of which was to identify the coast near the fishing boats, and the machine was supposed to descend so low because it was the only way to check the boats.
He said that the Jet had flown noticeably lower close because of poor visibility caused by smoke from fires, but the air force confirmed that the security was not at risk.
Wildfires have destroyed parts of mainland Portugal this summer, with the addition of the island of Madeira to be dead for four people.
The Portuguese air force said today that the pilot had to fly in low visibility conditions, the conclusion of the fires caused by the smoke, as well as a thick mist, for the sake of
The plane was a training flight, and the pilot of the plane was asked as part of the exercise to identify fishing boats
Eksoten better-than-expected results for the first half of the year
South Karelian social-and health district (Eksote) made in January-June was EUR 3.4 million planned for a better result.
Eksoten result was a surplus of 4.3 million euros in the first half of the year.
The result was especially good for the family and social services, where it has been possible to dismantle the institution of preventive services by developing a treatment.
The healthcare guarantee came true on all operations.
Eksote is seeking this year to shorten the measure.
Eksote covers the years earlier births deficit.
The remaining share of over might be used for the purchase of the queues and measures for patients.
The result for the whole year is expected to be EUR 4.6 million planned better.
Eksoten the Government is dealing with puolivuotiskatsausta at its meeting next Wednesday.
70 erikoisrajajääkäriä vowed the military oath Immolassa
Border and sea patrols the school 70 conscripts vowed to military oath on Friday.
Border and sea patrols the school event was held in Immolassa on Friday the military oath for conscripts.
The event was held in the garrison of the 10th erikoisrajajääkärikurssin light on the sports field.
Military oath swore 70 conscripts.
Erikoisrajajääkärit are trained to be tough border security, intelligence, and combat tasks.
They serve 347 days.
This year, the erikoisrajajääkäriksi applied for the 310 young people.
The choice of tests of them were invited to the 250.
Erikoisrajajääkäreitä are trained to Immolassa as of 2007.
The oath ceremony at a meeting with the veteran was involved in five of the border troops, veterans of the war period.
The average age is now 90 years.
The elders the opportunity to participate in the veterans were born in 1918.
Notch thieves first criminal intelligence to help identify and expose the crimes of serious crime-ESS.fi
Each of the 11 police agencies in Finland from the beginning of 2014 worked for RTA-or criminal intelligence and analysis unit.
Unit is invisible to the outside world.
Häme police unit has a total of four police men in Lahti and in Hämeenlinna.
It pulls the Bay placed police sergeant.
Officers Manager works with the Superintendent.
In addition, the strength of a unit of information technology to the doing of the civilian town of Hämeenlinna in Finland.
All of the work.
The unit has shown the usefulness and its necessity, whereas the Deputy Police Chief Tero S.
RTA-unit to produce the rest of the police in a variety of studies.
The province it is, among other things, acquired information about asylum seekers.
The most recent reform of the working methods
Analysis of the establishment of the units is the most recent reform of the working methods of the police.
The aim has been to prevent the crimes or the fact that the police would leave less and less whistles of the couple on the scene only after receiving the alert.
Analysoiman data are collected by the unit and with the daily police operations will be targeted where it is most needed.
With the reform of the police administration in the country was established in one Criminal Intelligence Center, its less than three national units, and each of the police's own criminal intelligence unit.
In Vantaa, Finland, in the context of the Central Criminal Police working on the PTR Club will lead activities nationwide.
PTR-as its name suggests, people working in units of the police, customs and border protection agency.
RTA-units, in turn, are working in police stations, according to the shared areas, and their task is to provide information, as well as local police forces that the national units.
Intelligence extends beyond the territory of its own
That's where a single police is aware of her during the 12-hour työvuoronsa has taken place, the RTA-unit task there is to know about what is happening in the whole of the Police Department.
Intelligence also extends beyond the borders of your own institution, as so doing could be objected to.
RTA-peruspoliisia working in the unit is the better computer skills.
The registers of the unit, the alarm will be made through the database and findings to the police's attention to new phenomena, tuotteliaisiin criminal or identical offences.
This is called sarjoittamiseksi, and it is one of the most important tools of the criminal inquiry.
All people have their own way of doing things.
The second hand is also at work, be it an honest or criminal.
The Act on the basis of the method of factors consists of a certain type of image.
Serialization can be done either on the basis of the Act, or a person, depending on which police have more info.
Criminals learn from their mistakes
RTA-unit employees do not go out on the town, but their work is collars not fully julkistakaan.
So rather than attempting to use its own methods of the criminals, because it could lead to the fact that professional criminals would develop its activities and would seek to prevent the police fight against crime.
The methods of the police will tell you publicly, if it anticipates their threat.
Such a case was reported, for example, in the early summer, in the housing of the notation murroissa used empty homes.
In it, the authors put the front door of the dwelling of the stick PIN or tape a piece in which they experimented with, whether or not the residents actually traveling.
Esitutkintamateriaali is in the public domain, at least to the parties.
The unit of analysis has determined that the ammattimaisimmat criminals take to learn from their mistakes.
Brightest order of the District Court Protocol, which can, for example, show that the site is found.
The next time varkaisiin we start off wearing gloves.
Case, the Deputy Chief of police interviewed in the Häme region police Chief Superintendent Tero Lepolaa, Tuomo Seppänen, Eastern Finland Police Department, Detective Chief Inspector Sean Joutjärveä in the river mouth of the police station and the Central Criminal Police Criminal Inspector Arto Tuomelaa.
The police will collect and analyse data, which is used to plan practical action.
In the background the workforce and a reduction in the amounts of funding.
The first steps toward a new course of action was for 30 years ago.
The most recent change was in a three-step drill, which ended in 2013, at the end of the year.
National cooperation in gathering information on your facility and outside the Finnish borders.
Isisiin joined the school girl from London killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of the three British school girl, who left last year from London to join the Isisiin, is rumoured to be dead in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that the girl's family heard the deceased Syrian Raqqassa a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported Thursday that the girl was believed to have died in the attack and the Russian Raqqaan, which is the organisation of the air base in the country.
Sultana was a 17-year-old and, according to his family, he died in the war-torn country while planning an escape from the right and return to the UK.
"One can only hope, as the case may be the only benefit is that it can act as a grave concern and testamenttina to others, that there are real risks contributing to the war zone and it could get people to give up on the conclusion of such a decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, the Sultana and the other two itälontoolaista school girls flew to Turkey, where they went by bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that the girl had gone to Syria to get married, and that with the Isis fighter he became a widow after only a few months.
Reid says as a candidate for the Supreme Court, the Clinton Administration to Garland's if elected
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that the Democrats ' presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to appoint Judge Merrick Garland of the Supreme Court, if he is elected President.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell says that the next President will choose the person to replace the Member of the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalian.
Reid said Thursday the phone in a Conference that he predicts "a degree of certainty," Clinton's to choose from Garland's.
Reid said later that he had not spoken to Clinton directly about it, nimittäisikö he, Garland's, and that it was speculation.
He praised the Garland and said that Clinton's team does not want to "rock the boat" with a new one.
The Court of appeal, the Chief Judge of the United States, he is in the District of Columbia Court.
Reid said that Garland's name prevent Republicans are Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's "minions" and "enablers".
He said that Trump is not suitable for the post.
Treats says that alastonkalenteri is "for women as well as men"
Treats-the magazine is collaborating with photographer David Bellemeren with the publication in the early 1970s, the Pirelli Calendar for inspired by 2017.
But instead of naked celebrities, they're going to find the next top model of the generation of the 2017 NU Muses-calendar.
Treatsin President Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his abundance of naked pictures of a newspaper is different from the old school of Playboysta, because the "Playboy is a men".
I'm doing this for the women.
Apparently, he thinks that kalenterikin is for them.
"We have to start again show the timeless and classic nudity with women as well as men, feel comfortable and inspiroituneiksi these naked pictures of women's body," Shaw said in a press release in which the calendar was announced.
Women want to be part of this project, because it is a beautiful art.
Templates can leave pictures online or in person in the case of open valintapahtumissa in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl destination: who actually buy albums?
The solitary, middle aged men love to vinyyleitä.
Before you rush to fill in the comment section of the negation of the ärtyneillä, a writer is the name of the character EiKaikkiYksinäisetKeski-ikäisetMiehet, please note that this argument is based on real data.
YouGovin according to the much-discussed new disks is not due to the fact that more and more of the physical objects in this Millennium, the charm of novelty, born would be enough, but the average age of the kaihosta.
Apparently they are in the near future, which bought the vinyl disk, are most likely to be 45-54 years of age or older.
In fact, all likely disks will buy 18-24 age.
It is not a question of not only amateurs, but it includes a sense of the importance of the collection, the: the parents are more likely to keep their feelings inside vinyylien buyers a little bit (56% vs 53%) and 69% versus 66%) shall attempt (.
But whether the results of the YouGovin is true?
If this blog would be a television news report, the camera would follow me, when I'm walking in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing my modest gray suit. Pysähtyisin, muodostaisin Viittoilisin busy before the Cup with my hands, and I'd say something authoritative, such as: "Let Us examine the matter further."
Let us examine the matter further.
At the same time, when the SOHO charm and dirt slow delete-hotels, chain restaurants and stores, as well as office supply stores are now in the buildings, which in the past was the independent movements-a handful of great specialized record shops.
The following section will probably ask for the camera to stop filming for a few moments, when I'm standing very close to a variety of men in some of these stores when trying to evaluate the observation of their age and the feeling of temperamenttiaan.
I am told by Stuart, 55, which I follow Sister Raysta (count: two young women, three middle-aged men) Reckless Records (counter: eight middle-age men, one a woman, most likely kaksissakymmenissä), to spend the night up to the London meeting, and walks around the shops up for a few hours.
I ask, whether he is a collector.
"I guess I am," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4000.
These plates, which are shown in the picture above (he sent a sample of the email, I followed him home), covering his walls with kinect ™.
The reason for such a huge number of the disk and the acquisition is, in part, the result of a single of his available income: now he can buy the discs, which he could not afford when they were originally released, and he will be able to buy again those that he sold when he was young and penniless.
"A large part of the ostamastani material is the late 60 's and early 70 's, the discs, which were published when was 11 or 12, I was probably a little bit with the acquisition of too young," she says.
He agrees that the disks buyers are more likely to be introvertteja, who enjoy their own company, and adds: "I don't smoke and I don't drink much.
This is my Vice. "
the 25-year-old Wez, who works at a Sister Rayssa, also believes that many of his customers agree to be made aware of the YouGovin profile.
However, he has noticed a new wave of people, which the media enthusiasm is affected. People who have heard that the boards have come back into fashion and has become a need to buy the old album.
On the basis of the discussions people are removed from my collection in General in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who sold their vinyl to buy CDs, sell now to buy the CD album back, "he says.
This can be explained by an increase in the number of a particular age vinyyliheränneiden.
But what about the discs, the alleged sense of meaning?
A Phonican in the shop takes a few seconds to realize that the record stores offer lohdullisen community samanhenkisille types.
Wezin according to some older customers have been injured, in particular lähimaksujärjestelmästä.
Some vinyl fans can häkeltyä the digital world and to choose to trust the stability of familiar album covers; objects that evoke memories of the teenage days of happiness.
"I think that sometimes it can be in the case of a gap or some kind of lohdusta, and objects of ownership creates a", Wez says.
Himself a hunter-gatherer I must admit that this is true, and I believe it to be true for many people.
It is an easy way to fill out the thoughts.
"We are like their sosiaalityöntekijöitään!" another employee said a sudden disk stack.
Huhtikuullinen, an opinion poll carried out by Icm, that almost 50% of the people who had bought the vinyl disc in the previous month, had not yet listened to it.
The poll also found that 41% of the record player, which they will never use, while 7% of vinyyleitä ostavista there is no disc in the player.
At this point, the news report is likely to look like a serious looking worried while navigating the bossa nova collection.
This is a wake-up call, "the prize"-a perspective is something that also Sounds of the Universessa (counter: three middle-age men) working in Jonny, 42, has noticed.
"Someone came a little while ago, and said: ' I do not have a turntable, but I would like to purchase Radiohead's album, so we can put it on the back burner '," he says.
This is not a high percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product, less music.
We visit people who say: "I do not have a record player."
Not older, but younger people, the myöhäisteini, who have just innostumassa it.
Foppissa, which is now almost an entire floor reserved for vinyyleille, is a much more versatile when I arrive in the audience.
Seitsemänkymppisiä couples, tourists taking photos, teen boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less casual than it used to be in the stores in the most recent speakers Wild Beastin syntikan raikaa-and seksintäyteinen pop and improvisation of jazz-it's great to see a wide variety of clients.
None of them seem particularly lonely, but have nagging psychological trauma is difficult to prove by standing on someone else's next to 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has walked around the Foppia a few minutes of your time looking at the different types of discs.
He is doing window shopping, is not kuluttamassa much money.
He will tell you, that earn much, so picking disk is not really an option.
"It is expensive.
It is easy to listen to the music, either on the computer or something else, but vinyl beauty is... "he sighs rakastuneesti.
"I do not know how to explain-it is really unique."
The last stop on the place it is said to have aroused new vinyylinrakastajien generation: Urban Outfitters.
At the same time, when I try to, it seems, that I shall look into the denim shorts, I scrutinized the Group of teenage girls, who gather for a moment the Polaroid cameras around, before the father and daughter are considering Crosleyn turntable.
On the left is the staircase, that wall is Adele, Jeff Buckley's, Amy Winehousen and covered with Fleetwood Mac disks: a mix of contemporary music and the classics, the essential of any keskivertokokoelman.
No one will see them-perhaps because they are the only decorations, and some are so high that it would be impossible for the circuits.
This is a purely "vinyls".
But in view of the fact that these objects by the slightest attention can mean more money for the industry and send a few customers in the depths of SOHO to get some more, this is not much to complain about.
Does not come as a surprise that the it sector of the population, who are more likely to have more time and money, it is also a fact, that use the most luxury items, such as vinyyleihin.
But even if the results of the löydökseni suggest that the YouGovin are accurate, at least in the SoHo neighborhood record stores, they do not rule out that a large number of collectors and lovers of female vinyylien, that there are tosimaailmassa, record stores and online forums.
These people probably are working hard at school or in the Office.
They certainly do not spend Thursday aamujaan maleksimalla around Berwick Street record stores selaten and evasiveness, eerily, 30-year-old tekotelevisiojuontajan while looking into this unsuspecting middle aged men's shoulders.
Greenland Shark is the longest living vertebrate-video report
Scientists say that holkerilla has a longer life expectancy than any other on the planet selkärankaisella.
The sharks looked at Julius Nielsen says that the record is the age of the females, which is believed to be between 512 and 272 and who is five feet tall.
A French court will reject the application to extract stores Junglen refugee camp
A French Court has rejected an application by the authorities dismantled dozens of Calais, tilapäiskauppoja and restaurants Junglen camp, which is home to thousands of refugees.
Court proceedings this week in Calais, who argued that the State authorities should be able to decode all in all 72 temporary trade within the camp, where people sell goods from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer a hiustenleikkausta or sell tea 50 cents (40 pennillä), or sell the simple food with a few euro tilapäisravintoloissa.
Calais, the prefect, the Agency argued that the venues will be dismantled, as they represent taxes not paid be shown as rinnakkaistaloutta and as they are fire-and puhtaanapitoriski.
Humanitarian groups have told the Court that shops and restaurants are of vital importance, saying that the State-sponsored organization and other groups offered free meals do not provide enough food for the camp, taken by the number of people.
They were arguing that the tilapäiskaupat and restaurants often provide protection and free meals to those who need them.
The Court in Lille, ordered that the 72 tilapäiskauppaa pyörittävien häätämiselle people do not have legal grounds, but said that the concern of the prefect of Calais "was totally understandable".
Judge Jean-François Molla said that food shops, cafes and restaurants had a much larger role than just "extremely precarious" human beings.
He said that the facilities offered a quiet meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places was under threat of demolition-camp in the Jungle Book Kids ' Cafe, which is non-profit and provides 200 meals on a daily basis, in the English and French classes as well as asylum advice to vulnerable, lonely camp hundreds of minors.
More than 170 000 people have signed the petition, which seeks to protect children.
In a letter to Guardianille was told that the café 's closure "would be a disaster for these kids, some of which is only eight years old".
The two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, estimated on Friday that the number of people in the camp has risen to 9000 people Junglen-high read-after the number of arriving during the summer.
Food prices in Finland much faster than EU average
Food becomes cheaper in Finland, to the delight of consumers and producers, to the dismay of the sharply.
The price of food has gone down in Finland almost five percent in three years, while the average in the EU countries, the price fell by 0.9%.
At the same time, in Germany and in Sweden, the food has become a one per cent more expensive.
In the last three years, the price of food has gone down in Finland, the second highest in the EU, which is similar to the rates of pay than in Finland.
Analogue countries, the only Uk food price has fallen faster than in Finland.
The Statistics Centre Development Manager Ilkka Lehtinen's script, which released on the "trends" on the blog. &
L. compared the realistic levels which will allow, or prices, which is apportioned for the determination of the general development of consumer prices.
The latest data are from June this year.
2010-at the beginning of the food price rose sharply.
In 2013, the prices of lots climbed very close to the price level in 1994.
The situation was alarming.
"We were close to lose its price advantage, what with the accession to the EU", L says.
Then followed a tipping point, after which the food has become a cheaper from year to year.
Now the price of the food import bans imposed by the weight of the Russian, who are tyrehdyttäneet food exports from Finland to Russia.
Therefore, the supply of milk and meat products in the Finnish market has increased and the agricultural producer prices have been falling.
"Putin's policies have helped the Finnish consumers in the short term," the Flyer says.
Also industry and commerce become fiercer price competition has contributed to the price decline.
Large retail chains in the S Group and Kesko are both reduced their prices.
The consumer price competition has been reflected in the näyttävinä with their nutritive.
Finland is still a haven of low-cost food, although that is still the price of food has fallen.
In 2015 the food was the most expensive in the EU countries, Finland in fourth, which were similar to the rates of pay than Finland.
The price of the food sold in Finland, according to a flyer to significantly affect sales tax.
He discovered that if you control the lands would be the same sales tax rate, would be sold in Finland, the salary level for similar countries in the third, the cheapest food.
L compared to Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Austria, France, Italy, Britain, Germany and the Netherlands.
If the sales tax rate would be assigned to countries of the seven, only the Germans and the Dutch would sell less expensive food than the Finns.
"If we want to get to the level of the price of the food in the old EU countries, to keep sales tax half the average level of the EU countries, and will continue to price competition," L write.
L like to point out that his calculations of value added tax% are illustrative.
The school is no longer quite the same again
School returning may note that the school is during the summer.
For schools has been drawn up the new curriculum, which will be read at the start of the season to all alakouluissa.
It is, according to which all Finnish schools.
The schools themselves decide on the details, but the plan tells the official targets.
New guidance has been prepared for more than a year now, and they are different from the old help in many ways.
Among other things, opettelusta, and instead, the schools are starting to practice coding.
The Swedish education begins not later than already in the sixth grade, and society to learn to begin to read already most popular show on moontv.
The biggest change, however, is the role of the students.
Before it was thought that the teacher teaches students, but now all need to be active and to learn from each other.
In this way, you try to make the school more interesting.
The world's oldest selkärankainen found-jäähai can live up to 400 years
Jäähainakin grönlanninhai (Somniosus microcephalus) known as reach maturity until the age of 150.
It can live for 250 years, it still reports a new study.
The figures will make non-target invertebrate species of pitkäikäisimmän of the modern world.
The Animal Kingdom to override just the Icelandic clam, whose oldest known individual is scheduled for 507 years.
The Greenland Shark in uiskentelee along the Northern banks of the Atlantic.
Their possession is also another record: they are the biggest fish in the Arctic.
The females will be stretched in a period longer than those of males, they can grow up to more than viisimetrisiksi.
Because the rate of growth is slow, the monitoring activities, only about 1 cm a year, mature individuals are necessarily lived for a long time.
But for how long?
Julius of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues took clear. Nielsen
He identified 28 donor female that provided the adult jäähaiden ikiä, which were left behind by the fishermen's nets.
Fish eye lenses of radiocarbon age revealed the timing.
The average age of sharks examined, turned out to be at least 272 years.
A sample of two of the largest fish, 493-502-amatsonieväkkäät at the time of deep ruts, and about 335 and 392 of the year.
As in the previous investigations, it has been found that the jäähainaaraat reach sexual maturity only after more than nelimetrisinä, the researchers that they are at that point, about 150 years old.
A study published in Science.
Stockmannilta fired almost 300 vendors will not result in a reduction in
Nearly 300 employees will be made redundant, the company's Department store Stockmann sells everything from.
Yhteistoimintayhtiöt trouble ajautuneessa the company ended at the beginning of August.
"As a result of the consultations, will be reduced to about 300 jobs, with the bulk of the redundancies will be implemented", says in a statement.
According to the Department of the vendors is not reduced, so that the customer service is not adversely affected.
In addition, about 80 people outreach worker will be offered a new job.
Statutory negotiations related to the Stockmann department store about 3 000 employees.
At the beginning of the need for the reduction was estimated to be about 380 employees.
Personnel reduction aims at annual cost savings of approximately EUR 20 million, which is expected to be closed in the course of the next year.
Stockmann has already started the effectiveness of the program, which is designed to achieve savings of EUR 50 million this year.
In the background are the Department store Division's store of Stockmann's difficulties.
Although the Group's adjusted operating income improved to EUR 11.1 million in the second quarter, the Department store Division's market still makes losses.
The Stockmann department store. According to Executive Director Lauri Veijalaisen sales department stores has not achieved the objectives set by the company.
"The staff reductions are, unfortunately, necessary in order to ensure a positive operating result in the Stockmann Retail 2018", Veijalainen notes in.
The result of the improvement in the second quarter was driven by, in particular, the clothing chain Lindex's good luck.
The chain reached the highest turnover in the second quarter, and the New Hampshire primary.
Lindex's operating profit increased by EUR 28.1 million EUR 9.5 million.
The same period last year, the size of the Stockmann Group's operating result was a loss of 4.1 million.
The Stockmann Group's this year, estimates that revenue will shrink from last year.
Adjusted operating income is expected to be slightly positive this year.
On Friday, the North has become oily-temperature below 20 degrees across the country
A low pressure center in the northern part of Finland to keep the weather on a rainy Friday, says Hs meteorologist Ilona Láng.
The country's central parts to hit the showers, but further South is poutaista.
The temperature is no longer very summery, as throughout the country, mercury is less than 20 degrees.
In the northern regions of sateisilla will be missed by 10-15.
Kenyan yleisurheilujoukkuetta shakes the doping scandal-coach click generate program-bar quirky explanation
A yleisurheiluvalmentaja John Anzrah was sent to the Rio Olympics home after when it became clear that the Anzrah appeared in the national team as an athlete anti-doping test.
The news agency AP reported that an athlete, the date on which the Anzrah tried to perform, is 800 metres star Ferguson Rotich in.
The Kenyan national team Director Stephen Arap Soi told me that the Anzrahin identity was revealed after he was given a surprise test on a sample of Rotichina.
Doping officers went to ilmiantamassa Anzrahin.
To accommodate the Anzrah was sent home because he "made a crime in Kenya's national football team".
He appeared as an athlete, gave a urine sample and even signed the documents.
We cannot accept such ", the President of the Kenyan Olympic Committee, Kip Keino, in turn, thundered the news agency Reuters.
Olympic Athletics begins on Friday, and the number of Rotichin is run immediately at that time.
It is not yet known whether the runners of the known consequences as a result of the case.
Rotich in finished last year at the world championships on the way to fourth place, and is the winner of the Rio, in advance.
Reuters, according to Kenya's track team, and had the source, in turn, claimed that the Anzrah went through the athlete's accreditation card just to get free meals in the race village.
When anti-doping officials met him, they assumed he was an athlete and he was taken to the test.
The coach did not explain the situation to officers, as was afraid of being found out, "the source said.
Where is everyone?
The Rio light athletics stadium less cluttered places "
Where all are located in the?
At least not at the Rio Olympic Stadium track and field surveying.
In Rio, was launched on Friday, struggled in athletics medals, but the world's top individuals were allowed to show their skills in a bewildering array to a blank katsomolle.
The Rio Conference organized by told on Friday that only 58 percent of the tickets for the World Cup, the first day of the morning and evening of the Olympic family, 65 percent of the tickets have been sold.
The second was four years ago in London, where the stadium pullisteli cheers only.
Riossakin Finaaleiden tickets are already sold out.
Rio's Olympic katsojakato has attracted the attention of even before the track and field.
For example, in rugby, canoeing and horseback riding in the stands has been reflected in the thousands of empty seats.
When Brazil's Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca the medal you wish you were playing a game of beach volleyball at the legendary Copacabana, was from the Grand stand only 70% of the full.
Brasilialaiskaksikon after the Dutch played against Russia, and 12 000 single grandstand was filled with about 30%.
Poor sales of at least explain the financial crisis struggling Brazil is far away from European and Asian competition for tourists, and many of the Olympic types are strange for experienced Brazilians in football.
However, even the Brazilian soccer team in the first match didn't get pull the football stadium.
Competition organisers spokesman Mario Andrada told reporters over the weekend that the tickets had been sold at that time, 82 percent of which is clearly a smaller number than four years ago.
"There are still the end of 1.1 million for sale", he was part of the said, according to Reuters.
8.5 million tickets were sold to the London Olympic Games 8.2 million, even though the flags of Europe paid for almost half of the more than in Rio.
In Rio, the ticket prices have ranged from about nine to more than a thousand euro for the inauguration of the euro.
More than half of the tickets cost less than EUR 16.
London Olympics volunteers and army personnel were allowed to sit in the empty places, but in Rio, this is not allowed, because the organizers need the money and trying to get the tickets sold until the last moment.
The Rio organizers are given 240 000 tickets for schoolchildren in lesser-known sports, such as golf and rugby.
In the morning the Rio stadium was enough empty seats.
Even beach volleyball on the sands of Copacabana is not respectful of the audience.
Jukka keskisalo competed in London 2012.
People in the gallery.
A new way to protect the natural environment-get the right piece of land
The Helsinki Foundation is involved in the protection of nature and by new means.
Last year, set up by the Foundation shall acquire ownership of ecologically significant natural areas.
Since then, private, companies and communities to claim the rights of the holder of the land in the area. for money
The Foundation has acquired the first land in Lapland.
The land is divided into virtual reality by who wants to can have the right to charge the holder of the.
May be submitted by the holder of the right of veto 187 square-sized segment, which means that, in practice, that the holder of the approval is required for each, if the intended use of the land is going to be changed.
Also, the holder of the rights may have more than one block.
The acquisition is one of the concrete, which can leave an inheritance, or to give as a gift.
No need to leave the hotel to carry banners or shackle themselves somewhere to catch up in order to protect the natural environment ", to manage their company acquired Derek Lacey.
The exact location of the acquired data may be lohkostaan, paving the way for such a visit.
The Foundation's Web site komeilevat the name of the holder of the rights of patients who have data in the same block of land on the map, from which information can be found on the.
Lacey sees the conservation acquisitions within the risk is that the Foundation will change from its original idea.
The Helsinki Foundation was established as a public Foundation, the purpose of which is to promote the protection of the environment and natural resources.
There is a risk that the Foundation would work somehow unethically or commercially, but it should not be possible.
The holder of the basic idea of the project is the Helsinki Foundation, nature protection, so that they may be intact and at peace.
The Foundation acquires the land, either by purchasing or donation.
The holder of the rights, it financed the buyback, but the Foundation has received the initial capital perustajiltaan.
The purpose of the Foundation is to acquire more protection.
It aims to also beyond the borders of Finland, and is planning to maahankintaa from Australia.
The Helsinki Foundation presents its activities to the pop up in the woods of the Helsinki market square, 13-19. of August.
Bike thieves tormented by great cities worst hit Turku-view your situation
Bike thieves tormenting the worst big cities in Finland to Turku, Finland.
There is this year, stolen in proportion to the number of inhabitants more bikes than the other nine largest city.
The New York Times explained on the basis of the reported the theft to the police, the number of ten-wheel in January-August this year, stolen bikes and parts per 1000 inhabitants.
In addition to the top of the rose of Turku, Helsinki, Oulu and Lahti.
They took place, according to the information of the police four or five bike theft per 1000 inhabitants.
Instead, the city of Espoo and In the police were informed only about two bike theft per 1000 inhabitants.
After all, it's a big difference.
"In other cities occurs in proportion to the number of population as compared to the other theft in a double", characterized by the Police Board, the police inspector Tommy Sleigh.
The Turku police wonder why the city is a comparison of the top spot.
It is extremely difficult to say why in Turku has been stolen more bikes than the rest.
I don't have an answer to it.
"The incidence of Theft can affect it, how much in is navigated by using the wheels and bikes is at all", says Sergeant Teemu Kumar S.
Police described the Government when you expect it to, that Tommi Sleigh Turku, Helsinki and Oulu are rising to the top of the comparison.
Bike theft amounts go largely depending on what are the study and cycling cities.
Turku is a city center, short distances and a lot of bikes available to thieves.
"For example, London is, in turn, quite a different type of city, where the city centers are distant from each other and the bike is not necessarily the primary navigation tool," Green says.
To the attention of the police, the whole Finland in January-August is to become a little less than the corresponding period of the last year of bike theft.
Great joy is not yet due.
In spite of the decline in the last few years the police becomes aware of a little over 20 000 bike theft each year.
It means 50-60 fillaria every day and only in Helsinki, about 4 000 bikes a year.
"Those are big numbers," Green says.
In reality, the thieves will take more, because that is the only part of the victims, announced the theft to the police.
Green calls on the people to make a police report bike theft, while fewer than one in ten of the police declared the case survives.
A typical cleared bike theft is one in which a police officer is informed of the theft immediately and the thief is caught in flagrante delicto.
"In the context of the rest of the investigation will be revealed in the cases, when, for example, the drug case of the apartment can be found in the stolen bikes," Green says.
In Helsinki, the bike thieves get caught on a weekly basis in the Act or in the course of the investigation of police, says Senior Constable Timo Leppä m.
According to him, the bikes are stolen, for example, trade centres, bike gear, bike sisäpihoilta, stocks and Cellars or in practice, anywhere, where it is usually kept.
Individual bike models the most stolen in previous years, the Jopoja.
U-lock give the bike better protection than many other forms of lock.
Some thieves take the wheel, for example, short for their exclusive use, but a large part of the stolen bikes will end up for sale, for example, via the Internet.
They will remain in the domestic market.
"At least not to the attention of the police, has not come to my attention that the stolen bikes would go a little overseas," Green says.
According to the police, the stolen bike buyers are common in Finnish.
Part of the buying probably stolen bicycle without knowing it.
Part of it can be about any doubts.
Used bicycle buyer should be careful, because he may be guilty of concealment of an offence or misconduct.
"Alarm bells should be ringing, if in good condition bikes sold in clear below cost," Green says.
The position of the colourful Nopsansa Erikoiskirjastovirkailija Severi Deer every working day for the rock shelter of the library in Helsinki.
The bikes he has had five songs, but none has been stolen, Hart says. "There has never been, is visited by a good monk."
"Perhaps this is not so much to attract thieves, this is not necessarily a hipsteriarvoakaan," the Helsinki-based Hart says.
Helsinki Kallio, the kiosk promptly locked the bikes with a little shopped Ali Valve u-lock.
Now bike huddled near the kiosk up against the wall, but usually the Valve locks the wheel to one of the flat-rate, such as a bike rack.
"There will be politics issue quite a lot, because this bike is the most expensive thing I own," helsinkiläisopiskelija says, that the white paper even removed the frame alone cost about five hundred euros.
"All the time will hear from friends that the bikes are exported."
"Mostly bad bikes, r-Jopoja".
Valveelta themselves were stolen from the wheel house, a year ago the company's courtyard.
The bike had been left unlocked, so one would expect of the theft of the Valve could.
Children under 15 years are held accountable for their crimes?
Singapore tries out the United States familiar with vertaisvalamiehistöjä
In Helsinki, will be tried on what is known as the vertaisvalamiehistöä prevent young people into crime.
At first, the experiment shall apply to children under the age of 15, who are now left without criminal liability.
Vertaisvalamiehistö is missing the first of the young to make offense.
The idea is that the vertaisvalamiehistö will discuss the incident with the offender, and the amount of a sanction.
A week later, the offender can actually join the vertaisvalamiehistöön to make up for his actions.
Other consequences might be, for example, the family written letter, explaining what has been done and what has been learned.
Youth Director Tommy L will tell you that the model is not tight.
We have other mediation models that are used in parallel.
"All of the activities will be directed to young people more responsible way so that everything is going to be tainted by the first failure," L.
Vertaisvalamiehistöön is taken from the United States, where it is used on a wide scale.
The idea is that young is not the first crime after not in front of the progress that has been made about the adult Panel with their peers but reflect and adapt.
The model has been tried once.
The experiment followed the service design office Palm palvelumuotoilija all and sundry Lovio will tell you that it was an assault, which was resolved successfully.
In particular, the first crime is under 15 years of age may not be before the treated at all.
"It is not the message, that you have chosen to continue down the road," Lovio says.
Vertaisvalamiehistö is part of the Young in Helsinki project by the city of Helsinki and the We Foundation.
Lovio stressed that new ways are provided to all who need it, not only because of the immigrant young people.
More than 70 republikaanivaikuttajaa wants the party to stop the financing of Trump's campaign
More than 70 of the most influential Republican said the party who signed the letter asking to stop Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The letter discusses the yhdysvaltalaislehti Politico, who had received it in order to see the draft.
According to the newspaper an open letter to the Chairman of the National Committee is aimed at Republican Reince Priebusille.
The signatories want the party's money is controlled by Trump's campaign instead of the Congress in the elections.
"We believe that Donald Trump's, as well as his disregard for the damage caused by differences, epäpätevyytensä and a record-breaking epäsuosionsa threaten to bring the Democrats to vote in these elections with an avalanche," the letter says, according to Politicon.
Only the Congress in the elections of all the possible resources immediately may prevent Republicans from drowning the Trump-koristeinen an anchor around his neck.
According to the decision, the letter should not be difficult, because Trump's chance of winning the presidential election, will shrink by the day.
The politico writes that the letter has to be sent in the next week or so.
The signatories include politicians, Gordon Humphrey, Chris Shays, Tom Coleman, and Vin Weber.
One of the organisoineista people of letters is prominently Trumpia oppositional Republican Andrew Weinstein.
Politicon, according to Weinstein, has said that the letter will "from people who want to party to protect the majority of the ice at the Congress" and that it was not anyone's paying.
The letter lists a number of acts, which is believed to have insulted the Donald Trump's millions of voters.
In addition, he is said to have demonstrated to the dangerous authoritarian tendencies.
Earlier this week, 50 on staff for the national security team which has announced in an open letter that they support Donald Trumpia as President.
Clinton promises relief for U.s. families
In the United States the Democrats presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told the details of their economic policy on Thursday night.
I'll try to be President, to the United States economy would go all well.
"Donald Trump is seeking to be President, so that the economy is going to him and his friends in terms of the well," Clinton said in his speech.
At the heart of the Clinton plan is a massive, 275 billion dollars in five-year programme, the U.S. infrastructure-roads, bridges and airports-in order to improve.
This would be financed by the wealthy tax receipts, partly with the help of private money.
The construction program is reaching out to the American duunareille, who are suffering from the factories move to halpatyön countries.
Clinton called the program for the most hyväpalkkaisiin jobs in the State after the second world war.
We are rakentajakansaa, we need to return to the build!
Clinton said.
On Thursday, Clinton also promised to facilitate the role of working families with children.
On Thursday, he sounded anyway Sandersilta points out that the rich should pay a fair share of the taxes.
And if a company leaves the United States as a refugee, it must pay a tax of departure tax, Clinton said.
Today, he is opposed to the Pacific free trade agreement, which he did before.
"[The President] I am opposed to all trade agreements, that work against workers or wages," Clinton promised.
The Washington Post magazine, before Clinton's speech, according to the figures published by the speculation, Clinton was going to criticize Republican Donald Trump's on Monday announced economic programme to the fact that it "favors only this type of millionaires".
And a considerable reduction in the business tax, as proposed by Trump's Clinton has previously been appointed by the "Trump's pork reiäksi".
On Thursday, Clinton pointed out that he is in fact a small entrepreneur's daughter.
He reminded listeners of the small entrepreneurs whose bills Trump has failed to pay, and the clothes that Trump actually manufactured in China and Mexico.
"If he wants to make America great again, he should start by doing it yourself products in America," Clinton piikitteli.
Such are the Rio audience: Games are not glued together around the boxes, but the Finnish mobile application of interest
Normally, sports games are displayed in the tv katsojatilastoissa is surrounde by the sharp mountain.
Rio's Olympics have not so far reached huge audiences.
At a time the games are around 12 percent of the population of the glued boxes at its best: Tuesday night's swimming Olympic channel Tv2 at the same time, followed by a Rejected 615 000 spectators.
For the sake of comparison: a month ago: the Athletics European Championships were almost 800 000 viewers, Tv2 's table at a time and the football European Championships well another million.
So far, interest in the Olympic types the most is the Sunday-night cycling and the fifth race of the day opened up artistic gymnastics, both of which reached the Olympic channel at a time, almost half a million viewers.
YLE sport Chief Panu Pokkinen is pleased with the ratings, and recalls that the Rio for the Olympics for the first time, viewers are divided into several different media.
Following the Olympic Games, in addition to the Finnish tv Rio.
We are pleased to see how much of the tv-viewers in General will choose the Olympic Games.
On the television side, the viewers are divided into TV2 and the NYT Fem-channels.
Rio's Olympics are the first sports games, which the NYT has dedicated an entire channel.
When the broadcast is going 24 hours a day, and viewers have all the time in 20 000 to 500 000, so it is a good base.
Crowds are smaller than at the 2012 London Games or the World Cup in Beijing in 2008, but the difference between explain in part the time difference-a large part of the Rio race broadcasts will be in Finland, the night-time.
Another reason to dilute interest in the now-if someone from flat to keep-it is certainly a traditional Finnish the reason: If Finland would have taken the interest of someone else's surprise of the games with a medal, it would be pompsahtanut up.
In addition, the track is only the beginning, as well as other types of Finnish interest: sailing and horseback riding.
According to Pokkisen, close to the beginning of the viewership has been higher than expected.
When a track begins, the audience explode.
YLE launched for Yle Rio 2016-the first days of the World Cup, which went up for Apple's App Store for Finland immediately became one of the free application.
Monday by an application was loaded in the 150 000 times.
Just a wild guess, that now goes for around 200 000 of the download.
"The network ratings we get until later.", Pokkinen says
The Rio Arena has not been working for all users as wanted.
Pokkinen says that feedback has come and the bugs have been fixed.
The use of the Rio arena, has been associated with delay and other small technical problem in the early stages.
Updated versions of the applications have been received, which should fix the errors.
The Rio Olympic Games appear more widely Rejected and arena than any other sporting event ever in the past.
YLE Fem-can follow some of the species, and on the radio Yle Speech convey the races on a daily basis.
The Olympic Games are not only may työläimmät Some ever, also the last, that you can keep track of only the Rejected channels.
From 2018 Olympic sports shows, as well as at YLE that the commercial channels.
How deep is the deepest lake in Finland?
According to the official statistics of Finland's deepest lake is Lake Päijänne, the depth of the cross in central regions of 95.3 meters.
It may be even more profound.
Tekniikkasukelluskouluttaja Matti Kannela found a Cross resting on approximately 20 square metres of painauman, which depth dive computer showed the 104 meters.
In the summer of 2014, the Finnish Environment Centre tried in vain to confirm the sighting kaikuluotaamalla.
The method does not necessarily find the small indentations in the 100 m, development engineer Jari Hakala says.
So far, the official depth is therefore still 95.3 meters.
Other deep lakes are Lake Inari (92 meters) and the Suvasvesi (90 metres).
More than 80 meters range from Lake Saimaa, Toisvesi and P.
They have not been studied as well as the Päijännettä.
In particular, the base of the Lake Inari is not mapped.
"There could very well be unfamiliar to the deep basins", Kannela says.
If the deepest lake is defined as the average depth, it is a great Jukajärvi, 23 meters.
In this way, the Lake Päijänne does not reach the top ten of the deepest ranks and Suvasvesi is still further from the tip.
Repair 12. August at 14.29: corrected the last paragraph, in which the average depth in the deepest Lakes were wrong.
Still, higher taxes for the taxation of pensioners ihalainen veroalesta:
The pensioners ' tax is still difficult than before as employees.
Ihalainen says that the flaw came to light, the Parliament in the run-up to the elections, and the taxation of pensioners were promised equality in relation to the arvoistaa of the contractor.
The Government's proposal is not included in this.
In our view, it should definitely be.
The promises should after the elections to follow, he says the Western media.
At the beginning of this year, the workers came to the earned income tax reductions, that of the pressure off.
The case provoked very heated reactions in Parliament representatives of the opposition, who hiillostivat the Finance Minister Alexander Stubb (ECR) lupauksista.
Purchasing power is secured, it will not grow
Finance Minister Peter Orpon (ECR), presented by the line of the tax cuts is the securing of the purchasing power of the mainly Ihalainen and, for the next year, the wages are not increased.
He says that the tax reduction in purchasing power and have a positive impact on employment, if other things are more human insecurity.
Ihalainen is pleased with the Prime Minister Juha Assistant Secretary-General (Center) and Orpon messages from the desire to respect the hard-won agreement reached in the competitiveness.
He says that the agreement is important for maintaining the credibility of the a. ..
It is the reign of the most important economic and employment work.
It is made of the labour market organisations, so it should not destroy it by questioning.
It will need to, because the economy is so much domestic demand and the future of the people of their own faith.
Pitkittyvään unemployment take brainstorming session
Ihalainen relies on the Government to write a budget brainstorming session to stop the growth of long-term unemployment, at least.
The long-term unemployed in June was about 17 000 more than the previous year.
He says that unless the Government goal of employment growth from a stop, 72% of the escapes.
He warns that if there is no legal basis the challenge of unemployment, are ignored, there will be a very great social decline.
Ambassador: the Thai in the attacks is not known, suomalaisuhreja
In Thailand last night, and last night at the bomb attacks that killed at least four people.
Embassy calls on the country to be alert to and avoid the most urgent of the Finnish tourist areas, as well as to follow authorities ' instructions.
In Thailand there is no reason to cancel the plan to suomalaisturistien his trip because of the explosions, but the Embassy instructions caution you should follow, Westphalen said.
In Thailand are very few Finns
Westphalen, in Thailand is currently very little Finnish, though their exact number is difficult to estimate the volume.
Finnish Thai-travel season takes place during the turn of the year.
The vast majority of the Thai-tourists will come from southern Europe and China at this time of the year.
Embassy has received a number of comments from residents in Thailand via Facebook bomb-attacks since then.
The Embassy has tried to pursue in particular the Finnish in order to obtain information about Hua Hin on the situation.
A number of the contact person in Hua Hin are, however, out of town at the moment.
In General, all seems well, Westphalen said.
Not about me
According to the author of the attacks has not yet Westphalen.
The Ambassador believes that the events may be related to last week's divided society to the political unrest in Thailand, and a referendum on a Constitution drawn up by the military junta.
The law was passed in a referendum.
The referendum was not an open, democratic process.
In the country, among other things, arrested people who reported their opposition to the law.
Thailand's southernmost provinces, in turn, are emerging in the Muslim ethno-national conflict, Westphalen said.
Muslims want to increase the share of their sovereignty.
In the past attacks, however, has not been extended.
In Bangkok, it is today a major, a local holiday, Westphalen said.
According to him, in celebration of the Queen's birthday and mother's day.
Transport in the city is at a very low level.
The attacks are likely to have the course of the day so that the authorities are very accurate.
Thai police: the attacks of international terrorism
According to the police, the attacks are "local sabotage" and are different from the conventional terrorist attacks.
Also, Islamist terrorism has been ruled out, says the Thai police, according to the news agency, AP:n.
In Thailand it is dead during the day, at least four people, while the 11 bombs have exploded in different parts of the country, as a tourists frequented in Phuket and Hua Hin.
Mount Horeb, rooms with a tourist resort, the resort island of Phuketilla exploded at night, four bombs, says thaimaalaislehti the Bangkok Post.
Currently, they are not deaths.
The bombs in the two exploded along Patong Beach, according to the newspaper.
In addition, two bombs exploded in Phang Nga, which wounded one person, according to the magazine.
In the popular tourist resort in Hua Hin, in turn, exploded, according to local authorities, a total of four bombs yesterday and today.
In both kaksoispommi attack killed at least one.
In addition, the village in the South of Thailand, Surat Thani and Trang in exploded in either at least one bomb.
In both, the attack killed at least one person.
Also in Surat Thani is to many travellers, as it crossed Ko Samui, Ko Pha Ngan and Ko Tao resort islands.
Attacks by unknown
The leader of the ruling military junta in Thailand Prayut Chan-O-Chan, according to the author of the attacks has so far not yet known.
The bombs are an attempt to create chaos and confusion.
We should not stir up the people panikoimaan any more, he told journalists.
Responsible for the safety of the Deputy Prime Minister Gen Prawit Wongsuwanin, at least in Hua Hin and Trang are connected to each other.
He said Thai BSB:lle, that creators designed to destroy the country's tourism, because all of the attacks have occurred in the tourist areas.
Embassy calls on the country to be alert to and avoid the most urgent of the Finnish tourist areas, as well as to follow authorities ' instructions.
In Thailand there is no reason to cancel the plan to Finnish his trip because of the explosions, but the suurähetystön instructions caution you should follow, Westphalen said.
Haavoittuneissa European
Finland during the night of the attacks and their victims are known so far, very little.
An attack in Hua Hin has been getting a little bit more room.
It killed a local woman and wounded more than 20 others, including at least nine foreign tourists.
The wounded, at least among the Germans, Italians, Dutch and Austrian.
Hua Hin in the latter attack wounded at least three people.
Two bombs exploded, one of the famous clock tower.
Thai PBS, says that the police have to have isolated the Hua Hin area, which it believes to have found even one bomb.
The Governor of Surat Thani province, a bomb was hidden in a flower bed.
The attack killed a municipal worker.
The wounded, at least one of the.
CNN haastattelema police chief will tell you that the two bombs used in the attack and the Surat Thani, which exploded about half an hour apart.
The Bangkok Post, the bombs exploded in front of two police station.
The United States won the women's neliottelun Biles
Alexandra Raisman of the United States was second with Mustafina of Russia third 58.665 60.098 and Alija Izetbegović points.
Biles, 18, is aiming at the Rio Championships still stand titles on the main floor, and the road.
Biles has dominated women's gymnastics of the last few years.
He has three edelliskaudelta eight personal world titles.
Center Orchestra Neliottelun and championships he has won three times in a row, as well as the boom last year and the year before last.
The U.S. team, Bilesillä has reached a two-team competition of the World Championships.
Himmeämpiä World Cup medals in the Bilesillä is a jump and puomilta.
Thailand's suomalaisyrittäjä: "Stone has no effect on tourism"
Phuket real estate agency and the hotel is located on the property, is located in the children's Club is not concern about the Esa Huovila Thai bomb-the impact of the attacks on tourism.
If there will be no more attacks, so I do not think that it follows any deal, assess suomalaisyrittäjänä Asia in about twenty years working with Huovila.
An experienced entrepreneur, has seen many Thailand hard hit by tragedies.
There's always something.
First there was the tsunami, bird flu and last year's bomb attack in Bangkok.
If these previous ones are not driven out tourists, so barely even that.
Huovilan koulu to your company's Office is located a few hundred yards away from the blast site.
For its part, the work of their profession by huovila heard.
The employee called about 9 p.m. local time and said that it is no use to enter the Office.
Huovila says that as well as the beach, the street that is the main street of Bangla Road were closed early in the morning of the attacks.
Many local workers came to work in the morning as usual.
They thought that the roadblocks had been put in the Queen's birthday, holiday, and refers to the Friday Huovila says in Thailand.
Nothing was good at the atmosphere was calm and high street stores were allowed to open around the clock at 10 o'clock local time.
On the beach, many had not even heard of the attacks.
Half of the three-day Thai time nothing was good at traffic was restored and a large proportion of the stores had opened its doors.
On the basis of the impact on the explosion has been pretty small, there've been Huovila says.
Later the car was seen in the Crown of the pyyssä Jouxholmintiellä.
When the police arrived, was lit on fire.
The patrol encountered two sharks buried in the nearby town of kuusikkoon characteristics appropriate for men.
The other man was immediately closed.
The other went away, but the man was later found the forest police dog.
The men are suspected of operating a motor vehicle theft, theft and aggravated the injury.
Police thank tips for assistance.
Research Director of the Russian leader changes: Clear aside from the transfer
Russia was on Friday, high-value from the Director of the change for years, when President Vladimir Putin sacked the Administration Manager, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov, a follower of the 44-year-old Anton is Estonian.
He is an ex-diplomat and worked Ivan Ivanov,.
K Brook says that the reason for the separation of Mr Ivanov may be Putin's desire to prevent strong people around him would be too much power.
He adds that the use of the tasks of the Executive Board of the recycling is one way.
This is a way to prevent that people kerryttäisivät of the President of the independent power for themselves.
The fabric of the Creek, it is also possible that Ivanov had got into slight trouble with other leaders or screwed up.
The Drive Drop Down Ivan Ivanov
Putin's inner core formed part of the environment and transport affairs, Ivanov, will move to the performance.
A change of State media by the joint decision of Putin on the tape said.
According to Mr Putin, Ivanov was asked to transfer to other missions and the persecution of the proposed replacement, told Russia Today.
K Brook says, that point of view it is clear Mr Ivanov volume loss.
Environmental and transport matters are not in Russia, in order of priority.
He points out that one of the most important people in Russia, Ivanov has been at the top of.
In addition, the President of the Security Council, Ivanov has been an important role.
Ivanov worked with the Soviet Union during Putin's KGB serves.
He was considered as a possible successor to Putin as President in 2008, but rose to Dmitry Medvedev.
K Brook points out that the old cast, for example, the Governor, has been replaced in Russia recently.
Senior researcher Katri Pynnöniemi Institute of foreign policy says that the more interesting than Ivanov on heir is the fact that Putin change outreach in younger.
ISIS-fighters used civilians as human shield during its retreat in Syria
They used civilians as human shield, fleeing to the city of Jarabulusin, so that we do not help attain them, said Sherfan Darwish, a representative of the military Council that is the Manbijin.
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, according to civilians was placed on hundreds of cars, where they were taken to Jarabulusiin.
Arab and Kurdish fighters were given last week over at about 90% of the Isisille important Manbijin in.
According to estimates, dozens of jihadists making was, however, at the time of the city.
Fixed more news at 19:30: in the past we told, wrongly, that the siviillit were fleeing the city, civilians fleeing the fighters he was really Isis-in.
Professor: the Interior Ministry documents policy is unlawful
The Interior Ministry policy on access to documents is illegal, says Professor Tom Garlick, of the University of Eastern Finland.
STT:lle Voutilainen says that public access to documents may not be based on its own policy, but it is based on the law.
The Ministry of the Interior refused to hand over the list Of events, the Minister of Interior in the past-for messages.
The Minister justified the decision of the Council of State in the Chancellery of the guidance and the fact that the information had been posted on the calendar and the accounts of the Minister.
The Ministry of communications, Ministry of STT:lle, that the Director says has discovered the need to reform the practice.
In Rio, the last Olympic show starts usain Boltin
As in previous years, Bolt is the value under the World Cup run against time.
He started the season takareitensä and was forced to leave Jamaica in the Olympic qualifiers.
This has not been the perfect preparation, but I'm in much better shape.
I've been practicing very well, and that's the key thing, Bolt said at a press conference in Rio.
Adds Press Conference contained a minimal sambatanssijoita and become a fan changed suppliers.
Humming around the underline the fact that the jamaikalaisen Boltin star has risen at a time when athletics has struggled with doping scandals and slipping out of their interest.
Boltin previous loss at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, the Olympic Games came when he was eliminated in the heats of the 200 metres with a time of 21.05.
At that time, the 17-year-old Bolt was a young promise that was slowed down by injuries and loose training approach.
Four years later in Beijing, his reign started in the 100 m, in which he smashed a world record, and in spite of the commitment made in the final night out at one of the competitors of this time 9.69.
This is a more difficult
A year later at the World Championships in Berlin, Bolt won his career with vertex.
Born in Berlin of world records in 100 metres and 200 9.58 19.19 are still in force.
In Rio, the Bolt is the world record in 200 meters declared it aspires to and 19 seconds, the creation of alitusta, but it does not believe in none other than the Bolt itself.
I was a fool, the Athens 2004 Boltin very contender is the Olympic champion Justin Gatlin.
Last year the Beijing World Cup final Bolt were defeated by the American just one hundredth of a second.
Bolt is not in Beijing have started power during his term of Office, not the value of the World Cup finals once lost, if just to have gotten into the trip.
World Championships in 2011 like a fool, the World Cup final was due to the departure of Boltilta juoksematta fraud.
Bolt to fill in just over a week after 30.
He is an old man in young men, and the Rio games will be his last olympialaisensa.
The career of the last finish line, Bolt is set for next year's World Championships in London.
These are the Olympic games that separate me from others.
I am older and this is more difficult.
But whenever I'm down, I would remind myself: this year I have to do it, Bolt said in an interview three months ago, Sports Illustratedin.
The two athletes suspected of doping revelations in Rio: the violation of the
According to the Chinese State news agency Xinhua kiinalaisuimari Chen Xinyi, 18, is given a positive doping sample at the Rio for the Olympics.
Kiinalaisuimari Chen Xinyi doping samples found traces of banned substances.
Danekovaa epäilläään-doping violation of the bulgarialaisjuoksija Silvia.
In addition, a yleisurheiluvalmentaja sent home for futu, because he gave the sample, on behalf of the athlete.
Silvia Danekova is given a doping sample, which is showing signs of epo-hormone ".
He finished fourth in the women's 100 m butterfly at the Rio.
Brasilialaislehti Estadaon, kiinalaisuimari has taken its International Court of appeal Cas of doping in sport.
Xinhua reports that the sample would be on Sunday found evidence of Xinyi hydrochlorothiazide-diureetista.
Rio has become evident in other doping suspicions.
The BBC reported that the Bulgarian naisestejuoksija Silvia Danekova is given a doping sample, which is showing signs of epo-hormone ".
Kenya has, in turn, due to the anti-doping rule violation is passittanut Rio yleisurheiluvalmentajan home.
The International Olympic Committee, the IOC said on Thursday that a coach was impersonated in the test scenario, the sportsman, and was given a doping sample on his behalf.
According to the media information in the case is a pikajuoksuvalmentaja John Anzrah.
According to the daily mail, he had used the situation to 800 metres runner's Ferguson Rotichin race passport.
Phelpsiä does not stop at nothing-historic gold came from the show in the style of
The most successful athlete in Olympic history, the American Michael Phelps swam 200 m individual medley, 22. the Olympic victory in Rio.
Michael Phelps has won the Olympic gold medal in 22.
At the same time, Phelps won the gold medal in the fourth generation of the same type as the first swimmer in successive world cups.
Phelps winning time was 1.54, 66.
Kosuke Hagino of Japan finished second in the 400 m individual medley ahead of China's Wang Shunia.
I'm just trying to have a little fun, the BBC Olympic swimming commentator Helen Skelton laugh Of the magazine pikahaastattelussa.
Helen Skeltonista (right) on Monday was the most widely-read Of this week is the magazine's website.
Next to the commentator Rebecca Adlington.
Skelton is a lot of stress, if somessa or paljastavista is a small, the noise, the British press for her and goes to live at home.
Televisiohan is a visual media, he stresses.
Skelton is wearing korkeakorkoisiin shoes and lyhyehköön for this dress, which is certainly at least enough paljastavuutta-at least in the eyes of many conservative brittikatsojan.
It is not, however, permit the rear steps.
It is important to look good, and small kohuthan are just a fun thing.
Skelton wants to definitely hip and perhaps hätkäyttääkin, but he emphasizes that he does not want to be the main players.
After all, this is not about me, he says.
Here we are, watching sports, and focus should be sportsmen.
Is it supposed to be so terribly matter, how I'm wearing.
Can you imagine the fuss has reached up to Finland?
I can not, but all of which address how hard these swimmers are doing and how big the sacrifices they make, is to me ok, Skelton grins.
Do you know what?
It is a stir from scratch, if it comes to (host) for dressing up.
I am a little amused, when such a hit on someone's radar.
The arrest of the Rio police on suspicion of terrorism due to the two
Rio police announced on Thursday that it has arrested two people on suspicion of terrorism.
Police made arrests in connection with the exercise of safety oversight of the World Cup.
Police made the arrest in the same context, the other five and was being interrogated by two people before such an exemption.
All the suspects have been in Brazilian.
Because of the terrorism detainees, according to the G1 news website the persons belonging to the same group, whose members arrested by the police as early as July.
Those arrested are believed to be links with Isis-extreme organization.
The detainees were known to have incited violence in social media.
Violence among the popular government posts had been disseminated to WhatsApp.
The safety of the Olympic Games in Rio is responsible for 85 000 police officers.
In Rio, police blew up a suspicious package
Spain and Nigeria were forced to start the beginning of a block of games at the basketball tournament in Rio in an empty Hall on Thursday.
The police found a suspicious package on the basketball arena and closed on the public.
The police let the audience in check after that, when you had to accomplish with any blown up.
This was the third time the Rio during the Olympic Games, when the police carried out the controlled blasting of the task.
The police found a suspicious package shut the arena there.
The audience got to check, when the police had to accomplish with any blown up.
By the beginning of the match, the public will not make it go because police closed because of a suspicious package found arena's toviksi Hall.
Police blew up the package and let the audience Hall.
P raised the initiating of the Spanish team for the games in uneliaasti.
Spain won the two games started at a loss to Nigeria with 96-87.
In two previous games in Spain won a silver medal.
Police carried out a controlled blasting of a task for the third time in the Rio summer during the World Cup.
The last time the police had blown up a suspicious finding in the vicinity of the road cycling finish last Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria began the game in a tournament of Rio basketball block in front of empty grandstands.
The Argentine Queen was getting cloudy P-Sireniä-a considered protest
Wind P-Sirenillä was a colorful competition day in Rio.
Wind P-S experienced harsh on Thursday.
The Argentine Queen was getting cloudy Wind P-Sireniä on Thursday, the opening day of women's surfing in Rio.
Winds were broken.
The opponent admitted violation.
He missed because of a crash you get stuck, and the other fell upon, the Finnish head coach Joakim Wilenius said.
The athlete was considering a long protest.
It is then an advocate to do, because it would have been the Olympic Games according to the rules.
Would have had to drop into the water, so that I would have received compensation, P-Siren said.
A hung on until the very last, because the laudallaan did not want to have to dirty water of Rio.
The Finn was left with a crash lähdössään # 27.
The overall situation would be a London 2012 Olympic silver medalist is the eighth.
The apex in terms of accidents there is little affected.
On Friday, is an important day, when there is a tournament outputs 10-12.
Modified 0.39: from the first to the information by way of derogation from P-S not working in protest.
7 special points, which according to prolong the life of the age of science
Science has studied everything between heaven and Earth.
These things have been proven to bring more years of a person's life.
Some of the issues which directly or indirectly affect a person's health, so that his life will be longer.
Sometimes the things that the person has no control, may bring him for years.
These include, among other things, the tendency of the central body obesity or social status.
Regular shopping can prolong life.
You don't always need to get a milk can even splurge on-enough is enough.
Long life secrets in an effort to find out a variety of studies.
Medical Daily presented the seven-the strangest research results.
According to science, all of these things could bring more years of life.
Music and tea drinking
Tea drinking has been shown to protect some cancer, type 2 diabetekselta, as well as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
The Harvard University study found that moderate coffee consumption is in the context of the "risk of the death of pienentyneeseen", especially neurological diseases or sydänperäisten.
On behalf of the alcohol talking again in the studies, according to which the consumption-from one to three daily intake-may prolong life.
For example, one found that wine drinkers soon pragmatically lived longer than people who don't drink at all.
Regular flossing can increase a person's life even more than six years, a study says.
The argument is based on the fact that this will prevent the ientulehduksia.
They can contribute to the onset of other diseases in other parts of the human body.
In Norway, the study explained how laughter was influenced by the human body.
The seven-year project, the observers were more than 54 000 people.
They, who laughed more, were yrmympiä persons at the end of the test 35% more likely to be alive.
Sex, where sexually transmitted diseases protection is taken into account, according to many studies, good for your health.
In addition, it also can extend the life.
Unfortunately, we need to practice sex as such is not enough.
In order for a person to be more years of their lives, he is also to have an orgasm.
For years, of course, eating healthier will bring, it is not disputed.
Long age does not, however, require an absolute solakkuutta.
Indeed, one of the Oxford University study found that women who had a big backside, cholesterol levels were lower.
Their becomes air was also more omega 3 fatty acids.
The same research combined these elements to lower mortality.
Whether it's the Olympics medal finishes got an athlete or an Academy Award-winning actor, he is more likely to live beyond the lowbrow.
Many of the research is trying to find the cause of this phenomenon.
One explanation may be that an ambitious man probably living in ways that will bring her life for years.
Some of the researchers, while fears that the long years of the social status of the person's-which, again, for its part, recognition, such as the Nobel Prize, for example, allows.
Over 65-year olds shopping behavior to deal with research found that daily shoppaileva a person or likely to be less frequent purchases involve the parents.
This is due to the fact that the specific stores for the rotation to reduce loneliness.
It is again the size of the biological mechanisms that might bring death.
Calculate, therefore a credit card from your hand-shoppailulla does not, therefore, have the same effect.
Umpihumalainen drunk driver derailed onto the truck
Regional Council of Southwest Finland In happened Friday evening in a serious truck and a passenger car head-on collision.
The accident occurred In the middle of the road, white water rafting and Sorvastontien on Friday at 21:00.
The truck had been driving to Forssa direction, when the car was blown off at the same time, become the person against the band, by hitting the truck in the right corner.
After the impact, the truck was left kaistalleen, but caught on fire.
The driver managed to extinguish the fire yourself.
Passenger car slid into a ditch and into a ditch and over the roof.
Passenger cars transported in 1972, born a woman was pinned down in their cars.
The driver of the car was injured, rescue services abandoned and he was transported to the University of Turku Central Hospital for treatment.
A woman's breath was 2.02 per thousand.
He is suspected of a felony drunk driving.
Mail sent to the wrong city irtokarkkeja
Salon K-Citymarket irtokarkkivalikoimassa was flawed, because the mail was delivered accidentally to the wall part of the load of the river.
Perniössä resident Teija Elf was on Thursday buying irtokarkkeja Salon K-City market, when the eye was hit by a funny sign.
Unfortunately, irtomakeisissa is the product of a flawed, because the E-mail submitted to the kuormamme Wall of the river!
We will add more when the mail gets delivered to load!
If so, the lawn, the sign read forequarters of the backlog.
The merchant's kettuileva sign is related to the fact that the post office has extended its services to include mowing last spring.
Mowing the lawn is a provision of the post until the end of August.
Haltian believes that the sign was weird, and he decided to share it in social media.
Update the popularity of beat me to the punch.
The media elected representatives are made all the time, and the fears aroused by the attention this issue is incredible, the Elf wonders.
Friday night Haltian update was on Facebook for more than 700.
The Elf was my favourite napattua irtokarkkipussiin, although a few l was empty.
Mail services is responsible for the operation of the undertakings belonging to Ajith regretted the injury to the Evening-for messages.
The background is that of the five stages, three harhautui yesterday in the wrong place () and no longer left to do a partial (Saloon) with three, but we only yesterday evening, five pallets of Kaidesoja said Messages.
The first issue discusses the Ilta-Sanomat.
Teija Elf is indignant about the sign, as discovered by the selection of all of my irtokarkkisuosikkinsa.
A vast diet pills! 30 pounds lighter Lotta Backlund published a picture of the muutoksestaan
Comedian-producer's hoikistunut dozens of pounds after the birth of her child.
Lotta Backlund has lost dozens of pounds as a result of the change of life.
Lotta handed out a couple of muutoksestaan on Friday, Instagramissa image.
In the spring with treatment aimed at normaalipainoiseksi Lotta was fitness.
Lotta Backlund in 2014.
The comedian, television producer Lotta Backlund started losing weight allows the already in 2009.
He is a holistic lifestyle change and lost weight little by little about thirty pounds.
On Friday, the huge performance picture a couple of Instagramissa was published by Backlund.
The picture shows how huge a Lotta has changed over the years in appearance.
Backlundin before and after picture of a couple has collected a number of kiitteleviä in the comments kanssalaihduttajilta.
You're Yes gorgeous.
At the same time, on the way to being on the motivation of hard! one of the Temp.
Piia Rattling, Lotta Backlund and Michael S were involved in it now.
I'm getting to sun pictures blogs by strength and enthusiasm, while at the same time, on the way, the second in taivallan.
In the spring of Lotta knocked down the last pounds, it is now in the project.
At that time, he told the Evening newspaper he wanted to get to the last normal weight, which was then a trip of ten pounds.
During the three-month fitness pounds dropped in the end in the top five.
The victim's family of a woman who was murdered in Loviisa: muistamiset for the benefit of the police dogs
A week ago, the 42-year-old woman who was murdered in Loviisa family hopes that the victims would be remembered, the flowers and the adressien instead of the donation that a police dog work.
It is the Eastern Animal Medical Center has released an update to Facebook, where it passes to the victim's family hope the police dogs for the benefit of the most far-reaching of the donations.
The publication reports that the victim was standing in for the secondary station of the work done by the veterinarian and have also hoitajaharjoittelunsa.
The vet station remembers the women to play with words.
Happy, smart, witty, and the work of intrepid.
A Good Friend.
Still we cannot fully comprehend that he is gone.
Facebook update is included in the account number, where donations can be transferred.
Updating the donation money is going as a whole, that the police dogs, primarily for the purchase of safety vests.
Last Friday, the 42-year-old loviisalaisnainen was At home in the village of goodness in the forecourts of the rapids.
The woman's neighbors are said to have been the victim Of tab.
He was the owner of a number of animals, including horses, dogs, cats, chickens and Crow's feet.
Murder suspect to a 27-year-old man didn't know the woman and they have had no contact with each other.
The murderer's trace was accompanied by a police dog fatally wounded in the arrest warrant for Bashir, which in a situation.
Judy was, however, revived, and is now recovering.
The District Court gave judgment for the enactment of the violations of the
Email did not have the right to withhold the rent on the induction of the refusing worker, and the worker, in its judgment, the Court will assess the Kanta-Häme.
The District Court ordered the Mail to pay the employee's salary and 2 000 euros for most of the suspects arrested in compensation for the discrimination.
According to the E-mail of the judgment would have been able to arrest the perehdyttäjän salary of only a part of the preference given to the proportion of the whole, which responded to the days work.
According to an employee of the District Court was set on the basis of the fact that, contrary to the trade union activities at a disadvantage.
The employee had complied with the post and logistics Union, less than half the Organization's decision on a training mission.
During the postal strike in November last year to PAU made the decision, according to which postal workers do not educate your strike breaking workers.
The first Public news of a reported.
Turkey's return to the path of human rights, no to the
Turkey will be a return to the path of democratic and respectful of human rights in development, write to the Prime Minister, David S (Center) and the Foreign Minister, Mr Timo Soini (ps.) in its reply to the Journalist.
The Prime Minister, David S (Center) and the Foreign Minister, Mr Timo Soini (ps) agree on the human rights situation in Turkey.
In a letter to the Federation of journalists asked the previously Sipilää and concern of the Turkish Word-Soini-who himself and on behalf of the freedom of the press.
S and S are telling the press that produced the Turkey out of the Finnish repeatedly and the importance of freedom of expression.
Putin sacked the Administration Manager-to replace the contemporary Persecution
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, has been sacked by the President's administration, the master of Sergei Ivanov, the Kremlin says.
Will be replaced by a Council of the Estonian Communist leader Karl persecution and the grandson of Anton.
The 44-year-old former diplomat who has served as head of the presidential administration of the year 2012.
The persecution of the Russian Security Council, will also be a member of the news agency Interfax.
Vladimir Putin gave a fired the head of its administration.
Putin's close inner core formed part of Ivanov in the Kremlin, according to the bulletin on the environment and moves to the transport performance.
According to Mr Putin, Ivanov was asked to transfer to other missions and the persecution of the proposed place, Russia Today will tell you.
Ivanov worked together with Putin during the Soviet era Kgb vakoilussa.
As a potential successor to Putin, many had to Ivan doors in 2008, but the President rose to Dmitry Medvedev.
Ivanov was appointed to the role in the re-election of Putin as President in 2012, 2011 before.
BBC: ManU:n left the acquisition game ban-not to see the Premier League at the opening of the
Football transfers for the world record for men is not seen on the ground, when the English Premier League will kick off from the weekend.
Paul Pogban game ban was followed by England with.
Manchester United's acquisition of Paul Pogba has left the game against the League Bournemouthia ManU:n opens on Sunday, told the BBC on Friday.
Manu Pogbasta italialaisseura Juventukselle, according to the British media paid 105 million euros.
The English Football Association FA, however, to keep him out of the game, the Pogballe stayed in the Juventuksesta handicap in the game.
He received two warnings of last season's Italian Cup, and it will be a one-match ban.
The ban on the import of the game has been moved to England, the FA told the BBC.
Pogban next to the seam in the game is the League in the second round in 19. August, when ManU point in Southampton.
Flow megalomania is a virtue
For your utmost pleasure, the exact criteria and ambitious visions have established themselves as an internationally respected position, Flow Festival starring the world's top artists.
Flow Festival starts on Friday in Helsinki, Finland.
The Festival visitors are typically expressed themselves in the characteristic pukeutumisella.
One of the main stage for artists at this year's punk legend Iggy Pop.
Flow Festival area of the stailataan, among other things, artificial grass, and art installations.
We have never been enough, it would be only a main stage and a beer tent, says the event's artistic director Tuomas Kallio.
Helsinki this weekend to provide Flow Festival has grown from a small quarter in Suomi. tens of thousands of visitors to the event.
The success is a simple question: what kind of event, the authors themselves would like to go to?
It is time for a different event productions, that you consider doing so.
Often the goal is to achieve the level of necessity and in accordance with the provisions of the Act of the authorities, says the event's artistic director Tuomas Kallio.
He knew weeks before the event that the Flow comes to the end of this year to sell.
The aim has been to increase the number of visitors to 5 000 70 000 people last year.
Festivals are seen to this day in a bunch of interesting domestic and foreign artists.
The increase in the number of visitors is a good thing, because the conclusion must in some way be financed.
On the other hand, we don't want to grow too much, because at some point the mass would be like a huge buses, which is controlled by the cattle herd.
We do not want that.
The ideology of a successful event is a 13-year period before us, therefore, that some of the artificial grass somistetulla is 130 performers, art installations, as well as a number of dining points and a drink at the bars.
In addition to the main stage and a smaller stage gig at the venue this year is working 15 000 man tent.
K grant, that the transaction could take more straightforward way.
Maybe I'm a bit of a megalomaniac, but at the same time, we have been able to maintain the flow of the spirit.
If it loses, this is no longer our affair.
Rock the greatest pleasure and reward for the work done is that these days, even the sets are practically possible.
The event in the early years of the mid-21st century, the action was very dependent on the city of Helsinki in about 20 000 euro.
Last year, the Flow to get you rolling-stock company had a turnover of about EUR 6 million.
You can use it to work "kreisejäkin stuff", such as the building of the 73-metre-wide tent.
The flow of the visitors are typically expressed themselves in the characteristic pukeutumisella.
We can talk about the trendy music event, alongside the young adults of the community.
The transaction is not, however, knowingly left his mark on a particularly fashionable.
We want to stand out above all content.
Still, the trends to suit the flow value in the world: curiosity and the desire to interact with the environment, "says Rock.
This year, one of the main stage artists is 69-year-old punk legend Iggy Pop.
The man has a huge fan base in of his genre, but he indierockia, pop music, rap and soul catalog at the Festival, we have a traditional performer.
The rock, Iggy buukattiin, as this is likely to be the last time, when this is seen at a gig in Finland.
We are interested in all the history of the future.
Not only is it what commercial radio play.
Iggyn latest album is damn good and he has done over the past few years, a damn good gigs.
Thailand's tourist paradise bombs were hidden in flower pots-tourists fled in horror
Hua Hin exploded two bombs Thursday evening local time.
The attack killed at least one local woman and more than 20 were injured.
The bombs were hidden in apparently flower pot and blown up using mobile phones.
The bombs were placed on the street, that clients most are foreigners.
They are blown up at the same time, when the tourists began to go out to the bars and get back to the hotelleihinsa, he told police, according to a representative of the Samoer Yoosumran Cnn.
Since 1989 in Asia lived in wildlife protector Edwin Wiek tviittasi attacks telling image.
If tviitti is not displayed properly, you can watch it here.
Of the injured, at least 11 were foreigners in Hua Hin.
People ran to the talking and said that a bomb is exploded to bars.
It happened in one of the biggest bar streets, told ruotsalaisturisti Emelie Olsson Aftonbladetille.
The next morning local time exploded two bombs in Surat, one of which is.
At least one was killed.
The number of wounded is not yet known.
Very soon after this, mount Horeb, by favouring the Phuket Island exploded two bombs.
No one is known to have died.
At the same time, Hua Hin was the second kaksoispommi.
At least one died and three were wounded.
In addition, in one of the bomb exploded.
Police said they have found as far as is known, for at least one bomb of Hua Hin, which had not yet had time to explode.
According to the Thai authorities to the bomb attacks on the back is most likely the rebels troops, who are not satisfied with the Thai military.
According to estimates by the local authorities, there may also be a criminal organizations.
Aftonbladet, the police has taken recently, as the activities of criminal organisations involved in trafficking in human beings.
KSML: This part of the new troops leaves for war, the first battle
Acute in times of war soldiers are told to fight until several months after the military tasks, from taking the oath, says the General.
The training of the armed forces, the Chief of the magazine haastatteleman Brigadier General Jukka Sonnisen, 5.5 months of preferred military conscripts in time of war, for example, taistelukelpoisia are only those who are in the final stage of their education.
According to the recruitment and training of the master provides the first standby forces belong to the reservists.
None of the conscripts or reservists will not be commanded for the job, which is not of the required training, Sujitha S says.
Earlier in the summer, it appeared that the Defense Forces will train the soldiers are an immediate readiness unit from next year.
Units can be, if necessary, to use military action for military training.
Pamela Tola got left claims home House
Actress Pamela and her former husband, Managing Director Pauli Waroma have won after a hard day's dispute of the apartment, which they bought in Espoo in 2009.
The purchase price had been at the two-storey erillistalon of EUR 330 000.
After the sale of the House was revealed, however, a serious moisture problem, which caused a hazard to microbial growth.
The couple had to sell their home purkukuntoisena in 2014.
The sales price was dropped to EUR 132 000, so the loss was no less than 198 000 euros to the hostel and Waromalle.
The couple took the matter to court and demanded out there from the seller a price reduction.
The seller denied the claim, but the story, as well as the District Court Waroma-and won-that the Court of appeal.
The Court of Appeal gave judgment in the case on Wednesday.
It upheld the judgment of the District Court, in which the seller was ordered to pay EUR 150 000, a reduction to the hostel and Waromalle.
In addition, the seller will have to pay the couple's trial and settlement costs a total of 47 344 euros.
The right to kohtuullisti price cut for a bit, because some homeowners repair the need had been buyers known for housing trade.
That occurred in the building of the Court of appeal, however, the errors were substantially more serious than what was presented.
In good condition-find a home
The Court of appeal, that the couple-told was specifically searched the home in good condition, because they did not want to take for repair work.
He was born of the idea that the building has been renovated and in good condition, and that a report of no harm.
Fitness inspection report mentioned risks and epäkohtina the air exchange and the fact that the rock surface along the valuvien in the rain and the melting point of water management is not enough.
On the basis of the discussions is not, however, become clear that it would have been in any way the use of urgent procedure on this issue.
And the idea that the future Waroma were left off a cliff, rain water should probably within a few years, control a little bit.
The trades were made in October 2009.
Within a few years, it appeared that the problems were much more serious than was first home to the moisture.
In the years 2012 and 2013 checks it was found in the building, according to the witnesses, who were due to microbial growth, as well as with regard to the maakosteudesta the kapillaarisesti the rain water from the rock.
On the West side of the House the microbial contaminated by air, according to the Inspector, to get through to the Interior of the porch.
Obtain a health risk, the limit values of the mold or yeast smear samples were found in the home care information, would have liked to be in the living room and the cellar in the basement, ikkunaerkkeristä cleaning information.
The terraces were built without permits
There was some dispute as to whether the housing law also expanded the building permit.
Court found that before the transaction and Waroma were aware of the decision, according to which the city of Espoo in the apartment had been made against the permit changes.
Among other things, the terraces were built, even though the authorisation has not yet been.
However, the key point of law home problems.
The Court of appeal that the buyers were able to trade on the basis of the information received from the seller before you assume, that the building was housing as such, and that has been the need for the repair work had been in the near future.
And in the opinion of the Court of Waromalla is not a special reason to do the usual wider.
Buyers have not defaulted on its obligation to report on the issue, the Court notes in its judgment.
Atrocious archive discovery: hundreds of thousands of women wanted to bear children for the registry also Finnish
Journalist Christopher Andersson writes in a recent article, Dagens Nyheter, in the national archives of the United States, Maryland, this is how the microfilm stored in the documents for a total of 218 500 women, who all wanted to marry SS-men.
The majority of women is German, but also included Americans, French, Dutch and Russian.
In addition, the Nazi morsiamiksi wanted to at least 86 65 Danish, Norwegian and Finnish, as well as 14 of the 31 Swedish women.
Documentation and registration cards are coming from Nazi Germany has meant that of the race Office.
Race Office work under the authority of the SS leader Heinrich Himmler.
None of the SS-man is Nazi Germany had to have children before he was examined by SS-doctor.
The same was true even of the larger extent of violence against women, which was going to be able to give birth to up to more than 10 children.
According to the women was carried out by Mr Andersson, gynaecological examinations in order to clarify the issue.
Race Office has explained the background of women in, inter alia, by examining the Church's books.
The aim was to ensure that women had a family tree of the Jews.
Women also needed to be prepared to give up the Swedish nationality, as well as to the race Office nearby and the recommendations of the handwritten biographies.
The race, the Agency wanted to guarantee that women were "child loved ones", "prudent" and "good National Socialists", who were German.
Women who did not meet the requirements, was not accepted in the SS-men's morsiamiksi.
In the story, is there no mention of how it became the repository of the documents that were found in 14 suomalaisnaisen.
SS-leaders created a State-sponsored program, which is known as Lebensborn, in 1936.
In the program, among other things, stipulated that each of the SS-man should have four children, either within or outside of marriage.
Lebensborn-homes will take care of the children born out of wedlock and their of their mothers.
The program does not, however, been promoted very actively, the US holokaustimuseon website.
Instead, the Nazi population policy focused on the family and marriage.
The State encouraged the marriage by providing loans and support for children.
The cross of honour of the German mother was granted to women who had had at least four children.
In Nazi Germany the "Aryans" and "non-Aryans" were prohibited by law between marriages, the Museum's website States.
P-S in the sixth, On rose and fell
Tapio Nirkko finished in third place in the first Finnjollien of the day getting ready for sailing the Rio Olympic Games, but missed the entire set of the tail to top off the day in the second race.
On the overall situation of the situation would be the eighth in five rose after the departure, but the failure of the second output dropped him at # 14.
Wind P-Siren fought in the RS: X class the day races according to the ranking for 17 and three.
The overall situation would be a P-S is the sixth.
470-class Joonas and Niklas Lindgren, stayed at the opening of the day leaving at number 23.
The overall situation would be a Lindgrenit are at the 19.
Jari Sillanpää fairytale Castle was recorded a couple of hours of good night's sleep: "I was so kankkusessa"
He has been part of the Finns ' favorite artists for over 20 years.
Cruise ship baarimikosta the King of Finnish tango in 1995 as a solo artist, as well as the most myyneeksi, the dance and the star reached the S can manage to still and he rolls on is currently in a fierce assault, picks up.
Mari Koppisen, suosikkilaulajan about the book written by Jari Sillanpää-Bare was released today on Thursday.
His life and his career in S for better or for worse.
The bridge head career rose when he won the King of the total rise in the run of his Crown the Seinäjoki tangomarkkinat tango in 1995.
Race S sang tangos, but he had already designed a little different kind of music itself.
in the spring of 1995, Jukka kuoppamäki was on top of the bridge, at the request of the tango song composed by Kassu Halonen was a bit of a different format.
A fairytale Castle in the song rose to one of the most popular in the history of Finnish music.
The book explains that the track record does not, however, gone quite according to plan: S terrible hangover and sang it on the tape just after a few hours.
We had been in the evening festivities.
I was so kankkusessa!
S recalls in the book.
Valtaiseksi nomination for the song is a hit as soon as the risen one, in that it is sung with a hangover.
Although I was not physically in PHP, will was still good.
I learned that all the time is not to impose a total and peak.
The second occurred while exploring in one of the most popular song of the man, which the book describes took place nearly twenty years later.
In 2013 from the past and the case ended up in the S resigned from the end of the day You will earn you gold-song texts, which was released as a single in 2014.
The book explains that she Törmäseltä ordered song lyrics are not quite as S would have liked.
S he had imagined himself doing that tells a true story about an his own life, but the difference between to tell the words to the song were true, but it was written in 7 days-magazine on the news.
The magazine, according to Jarin and ex-beloved the difference as the reason for the excessive partying and alcohol use was reported by Jari, but Jari's says it was balderdash and not have been the case.
Jari was playing the furious and refused to sing the song, but ended up in the end, however, to sing it and so far so good.
In June the British surprised itself by voting for the Kingdom out of the EU.
Eventually, 52% of voters were in favour of the difference and 48% of the vote, while the Union had stayed a week opinion polls ennakoivatkin the opposite results.
British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in favour of staying in the EU.
None of the prestigious Research Institute or University is not flagged on behalf of individual researchers, even if the couple divorce tohti to disagree with the mainstream of his profession.
Perusmantra, the former President of the USA, a Western policy of Bill Clinton's recent election campaign theme for the phrase "it's the economy, stupid" was flying Poubelle British Brexit-vote.
Economists were shocked when their voice was not part of the.
They were shocked when the economy is the most important issue of the policy also saw.
Economic curly language
The Centre for the last month kyselyssään Macroeconomics profession insist answers Brexit-a recipe for disaster.
The most typical response is that the economists, because this time, the voters made their decision other than on economic grounds.
One of the economists explained the loss of economic status is, that people understand the economy.
In many ways, still is the idea that the number of jobs is independent of the number of those in work, almost a standard.
If an immigrant get a job, it is a right-to-britiltä.
Many also have the perception that the fall in the value of the currency would be a good thing, because it contributes to the export industry.
In the opinion of the voters in the Economist, did not believe the economic arguments, because economists ' consensus does not become enough of a raise.
Kismitti, in particular, to the BBC, equity in them, which gave the same amount of space on the only pair from the Economist, the representative of the EU-is the difference between% those of economists as the vast majority.
EU-hostile press is interested tell me what you think of the IFS, IFM, the BoE, the CEPR and the LSE and other consequences of the economic might of the letter combinations are the difference.
Those distant letter combinations were talking about the kasvottomasti of economic growth, trade relations, State debt and currency.
And if economists, and listened to that understood, so they are not passed, as the economists represent an elite, with which voters do not consider themselves to have common interests.
Large cities, such as academic economists would be Yes, but in small towns and rural areas in the EU, remained at the post is starting to bear fruit.
Migration is the economy
Brexit-vote overwhelming win an argument on the issue of immigration.
The immigrant will take your work, an immigrant, is clogging up sairaalasi, take advantage of you.
These arguments in the smart.
Each of the coffee shop are foreign workers.
How many more jobs in Britain would be if they leave out?
Each health centre in the waiting room can see the immigrants.
How much more the British get the doctor, if they are not to be?
Each school has a maahanmuuttajienkin of the children.
How much easier to correct that British children of the saisivatkaan school on, if they get rid of?
Each municipality is home to foreigners.
How much more space in the early residents would be if they leave quickly?
I think these are economic issues.
They apply to jobs, housing and public services.
Economists do not, however, been able to meet them, and if you were, their responses are received.
Economists have not managed to explain that, thanks to British immigrants, there are more jobs, less health care and more money for education and social security.
In particular, the EU-immigrants and immigrants are net contributors to the economy and to the British public, their consumption creates jobs.
Aberdeen real estate Fund prepared for Brexitiin cash
One of the funds was the Aberdeen Asset Management, which is responsible for the real estate investments in a Finnish Pertti V.
According to him, at the expense of Aberdeen in time for Brexitiin by (A) and (B) the plans.
Plan B or the EU-is the difference between a profitable camp victory began to be prepared in more detail a few weeks before the vote, in the event that the result would be to leave.
The concern was that investors would begin to pull their funds out of the markkinalta.
Real estate funds is normally not a significant liquid assets, but now they could be necessary.
We departed to increase cash reserves.
When Brexit it came to 23. day, we had 25% of the Fund's assets in cash investments or likvideissä, Vanhanen says Aberdeen's only open daily noteerattavasti real estate fund, which is in the news.
Vanhanen's second Cabinet, according to normaalitaso would be 15-20%.
The value of the Fund at the time was 3.5 billion pounds.
The total value of the company's funds, is about 20 billion pounds.
It was the highest number of nine in an open real estate fund, open to all Uk property funds, Vanhanen says the real estate funds.
He estimates that the number of these funds at the lowest cash stayed in the top ten percent or even less.
Real estate funds, therefore, to be prepared by the Brexitiin very different strategies.
Funds closed their trading
When the EU-is the difference between a profitable camp won, Europe went haywire.
The real estate market the vote followed less than two weeks, however, were quite peaceful, Vanhanen says.
Then two things happened that changed the situation.
The first was the President of the Bank of England Executive Director Mark Carneyn, where he estimates that players in the commercial real estate Brexit can be a big risk.
In addition, real estate funds first, Standard Life, froze the trade.
These together with the ryöpäyttivät of the situation and brought the matter to the Financial Times and the BBC headlines.
As soon as the situation was compared to the years 2007 and 2008, Vanhanen said.
This made investors nervous.
Institutional investors remained rauhallisempina, but private investors hermoilivat.
Snow ball began to spin, and the Fund after another was forced to close its doors.
Aberdeen's situation was good because of the cash collected, but that, too, was forced in the end to freeze trade for a period of six days.
Vanhanen's second Cabinet, they are not actually closed, but changed their pricing down.
In practice, the investors were given him time to reflect on whether it is worth the money now to pull in a panic to get out.
Aberdeen's message was that if you are not now obliged to take some money out of it, it is not advisable, since it would create losses.
It calmed the situation, and for the most part, withdrew its notification.
After been quite steady, and now the market has been in a couple of weeks of very quiet, Vanhanen says.
He points out that, for example, in Aberdeen's continental Europe-funds has not been anything like a pumice stone.
However, a lot of the queries came from.
An inordinate amount of attention to the real estate funds
Vanhanen's second Cabinet believes that the real estate funds of visits, the closures were an inordinate amount of attention.
Open funds, which closes on, is dominated by around 4% of the UK's property.
Aberdeen's shut-off took six days, and the company sold out of from 80 to less than ten properties in London, a dishonorable estate for one.
Some of the other funds are still closed.
Aviva Investors warned its this week that it may keep the Fund closed the year 2017.
At the moment, there is uncertainty and economic growth forecasts is reivattu down, but the situation does not look for the "hurjemmalta" of Aberdeen.
The biggest issues for the future development of the economy of the British public now.
In spite of the uncertainty of the situation is brought to the part of the kiinteistösijoittajista up to new possibilities, Vanhanen points out.
The pound and the dollar exchange rate is at its worst in 30 years, with the addition of the market there is a 15 percent discount sale Brexit-vote to the previous time.
Dollariostaja can now buy the same property by as much as 30% lower price.
There is a lot of willing buyers, Vanhanen said.
Brexit brought the minuses in the London real estate market
Two in the morning, the situation did not seem very kummoiselta.
But the four, when the real estate fund, Aberdeen Asset Management had a talent for real estate investments in Pertti V woke up again to take a look at the results of the vote, Brexit-the situation was different.
The power of sanahan it.
I realized that this goes now plan B's side of second homes, Vanhanen said in Helsinki.
He headed immediately to work.
The City of London was already fully alive in the morning.
The Office normally muted the tv boxes provided for in tuuttasivat news, and usually loud crowd hiljentyi fully listen to, when Prime Minister David Cameron came in the morning in front of the camera to tell the resignation.
When the market opened, the display screens flashing the just plain red.
It was the kind of morning you would never have thought to live, Martin says.
In spite of the turbulence is not and also because, in Aberdeen, one of the UK's largest real estate funds, the finishing touches on the Brexit-the day after the vote, namely to boost the two real estate trade.
The atmosphere was chaotic.
The company, however, was provided for in the option well, and that's why it was kind of a quiet, Vanhanen says.
Brexit-voting started a repair shop
The vote was followed by a storm.
The pound collapsed, the British leadership went to the Exchange.
The market began to anticipate sweeping bills to the British and, in particular, the London real estate market.
The London offices were anticipated in the coming years, up to 20% of the minuses.
Soon a group of British real estate funds began to freeze trade one after the other.
Aberdeenkin did so for six days.
Now the storm has subsided, but the air jyllää more and more uncertainty.
It does not however appear in the last summer vacation days this week in Helsinki have spent on the face of Vanhanen's second Cabinet.
In his opinion, there is still far too early to say much about what Brexitistä follow.
So much is still open: how a difference occurs, and how Scotland reacted to this situation, about for example.
The development of the real estate market in London has already been ensitietoja.
Real estate service company CBRE corporate governance information on price developments will cover about a third of the market.
According to them, all London's real estate prices dropped by 3.3 per cent from June to July.
The city of London was 6.1% of the Office buildings of the minuses, V lists.
The figures are not so terrible, but they are monthly changes.
The monthly index was published in 1987, and only five months have been worse figures, Vanhanen said.
All the same they hit crisis in years 2007 and 2008.
It is interesting because the Brexitiä were compared with the fall of Lehman's and the United States very quickly, which began in the real estate market to the global economic crisis.
Vanhanen's second Cabinet believes that the analogy is not quite the right word, because this is Britain's home-made crisis.
Enville Hall is another.
The real estate market is not seen as of the time of panic selling but a willingness to sell in order to improve the liquidity, Vanhanen said.
Funding can be found in the usually.
Correction could be in front of that case,
In fact, the price of the repair business is not about her wonder-one could have been in front of the air Brexitiäkin.
According to Aberdeen, London and other world's number one urban real estate prices have been too high for many years.
We have been saying for two years, the offices of the City and, in particular, are overpriced, Vanhanen said.
The drop-down, then, started to really high.
London prices are almost caught up up for four reasons, Vanhanen mailing list.
The British economy has grown strongly in the London population as well.
Another big trend is that buildings are the last ownership category, which is becoming increasingly global, Vanhanen said.
In the Middle-East and Asia has become the new players on the market, and more and more institutions and establishments, investors are looking for real estate investments from abroad.
London is known as an easy target.
In addition, the prices have been fueled by low interest rates, which is why, for example, pension companies have been looking for returns on new items.
On top of this loan has been easily available-although the leverage is used, according to Mr Vanhanen's now clearly less than the 2008 crisis during the preceding boom.
Hajauttakaa, hajauttakaa
In London, the rise in prices tasautui last summer, Martin says.
Aberdeenkin began to lighten their holdings in London, and was last year a net seller.
To be expected was some sort of a tipping point, and now, it came to be.
What do we go from here?
It depends on how the UK economy evolves, Vanhanen said.
Much of the future, he does not dare to judge, but says that any increase in spike is unlikely to have the permit.
The atmosphere suggests that in the face of a falling or steady.
Vanhanen has seen a number of movements up and down, as he has been in the real estate industry since 1988.
And still he is an optimist who believes that in the culture medium to be overcome.
If you are prepared for the risks very well, is in a better position.
He thinks globally.
If you have invested in a single market, it is too much of it to the victim.
If there is a decentralised, the risks are also distributed, Vanhanen said.
S-group start to register your shopping information, more
Point S Group know what you eat, as the trade group told me today to start collecting more detailed information about the stock-purchases of its customers.
When the date of the receipt of the total amount of data has been collected, the group will start at the beginning of may gather it as well.
S-group comes in Kesko's suit, because the plus card purchased goods, Kesko's customer register data has been collected for a couple of years.
K-Plus Oy's Managing Director Ismo Riitalan, according to the program, feedback has been mostly positive.
Product-specific information is collected with the consent of the customer and are used under license.
The most effective channel is in the e-mail.
Quite a few customer has banned the use of product data, Riitala says the economic messages.
According to him, did not intend to respond to the modification of the S-Group registration.
The position of kesko classifies the client already, not just food shopping in the ten group.
The classification is updated on a monthly basis.
Regular customers are classified as also the number of purchases and the amount of money spent on them.
The information will be used for the client targeted marketing.
Product purchase information is collected only for the K-Group's own chains.
Partners, such as, for example, Neste Oil will not disclose your information to.
Lidl Suomi Finland is not a loyalty program and one not currently planned.
Finnish Lähikaupalla is my First bonus-loyalty program, which may be accompanied by a check in the houses, Siwoissa and supermarkets.
We do not currently collect information on the product or product group level, at the level of the final amount of the receipt.
Or we know where to store shopping was on the day of receipt of the final and I, as well as the customer.
We have not gone to the level as the K-group, or S-Group, says the commercial Director of the Anu to the Ora.
According to him, the database client is supposed to continue to reform, but the convenience store will tell you on the issue at a later date.
Ora does not, however, promise that the product information begin to register.
At first, the experiment
The owner of the customer in the customer register of Sok-to and has been in the past a relatively wide.
Basic data have been subject to personal and address information, business, education, tenure, as well as the children's birth years, and previous personal information.
Also in the same economy and their role has been registered.
S-bonus card purchase is recorded in the purchase date and the time, place, and method of payment for the total amount of purchases.
In addition, the S-bonus partners information is obtained from their desktop systems.
From the beginning, starting with product level purchase information will be to deposit the Sokos and Emotion-chains.
Instead, the S-in supermarkets, Prismoissa, home Terroissa and ABC-chain information is recorded so far, the product group level.
Customers is already for a longer period of time become hopes that marketing could address more specifically, says Sok customer and partner activities, by the owner-manager Kevin t.
S-group says tiedottavansa change to their customers.
The use of product-specific information, they may prohibit the marketing.
However, the data are stored in the registers, in any case, wanted it or not.
Willing to be able to check the registry S-Group's Web site.
For example, the funds are not allowed in the data, the highlight of the island.
Video: Flame-kitten is the customs duty on the confirmation of the latest dog puppy will become the first explosive dog
Black Labrador puppy the same line in set in the country have a habit of vigorously five boxes of the Helsinki-Vantaa International Airport.
Do not go long ago, when it sits firmly in the center of the box.
The Customs Inspector Jessica rewards Flame-dog leikittämässä it to its favorite toy.
Out of the box, next to the jar of the powder gas Flames sat, tuoksahtavia cores are revealed.
The powder gas is the first smell, it is now practiced, what with the Heilan says Sexton, Flame-the owner of the dog.
The blocking tactics of the security situation and the online shop
Flame is the first Duty of weapons and explosive substances, the exploration company specializing in dog and it will be placed to work in the Helsinki-Vantaa International Airport next year.
In the workplace can take, where necessary, also other Heilan and Suntion border crossing points and ports.
The airport, however, will be the main job, the international security situation Heilan has changed due to the serious terrorist attacks in Europe.
Paris and Brussels after the attacks the attacks caused the customs measures and controls have been reinforced, "said Customs Inspector General Mikael Grönberg.
The second main reason for the gun and explosives dog training Duty tasks are Helsinki-Vantaa via postal mail.
With the increase in online marketing through the airport every year, as many as 40 million postal items, among which may be ordered from abroad, asetarvikkeita and explosive substances.
The Customs has made in recent years to the Helsinki-Vantaa Airport online store shopping, passenger aircraft to the baggage and air cargo, the crowd of about 300 weapons, explosive substances, ammunition and weapons components, as well as the discovery of the starting materials.
The flame will be working in different parts of the Helsinki-Vantaa.
It will examine the registered luggage and mail.
Ports of the future is a big benefit, when it can go through a big container and mark the areas that require further research, says Grönberg.
On the basis of the Customs shall evaluate the execution of the koulutetaanko weapon Heilan and explosive dogs more in the future.
Grönberg is optimistic about the idea.
The School.
Flame-puppy training is coordinated by a Customs dog school in kirkkonummi.
S is kouluttautumassa with the police and defence Heilan force experts.
The police have a strong experience in the training of the dogs and the armed forces the expertise of explosive substances.
The Customs shall, in cooperation with other public authorities with what smells Flame are taught to recognize.
Heilaa jatkokoulutetaan as necessary, says Grönberg.
Heilan members are Duty at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport six drug dogs, as well as cash and drugs dog Massi.
Labrador Retriever puppy litter is selected for the 10 Flame.
The airport complaining about the dog's selection criteria include alertness and hunting instincts, and tranquility, as the dog is dealing with the weapons, explosives and human flows.
Suntion in a close co-worker of the Customs Inspector living Flame, but also a member of the family.
Any is not without Heilaa get at home, Sara laughs.
Subtle instructions go to Heilalle across time laakista.
Tech camera man to lose a quick dog camera Mickey's cover, but the Flame returns to cover as soon as the soft lelulta "out of it".
Työkoirista tough competition
The initial training will be completed next year, Heilan.
There is still a level exams, the next step in October, to assess whether the training is sufficient for demanding tasks.
Heilan can see jobs at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport next year, if all goes according to plan.
Passengers are not, unfortunately, be able to become työliivit on the top of the dogs can touch them, reminiscent of the Sacristan.
One of the työkoiran costs are presented to about 60000-70000 per year.
The työikä is about seven-eight years, up to ten, after which they will retire its owner's hands.
Hours can be long, eight to 10 hours, but the active työosuudet only last ten minutes on a couple of hours.
The owner of Työkoirien is at Customs to the tough competition.
As the owner of the 20-30 applied for about Duty Heilan employees.
Lucky enough to hit the Suntion, which has not previously been työkoiraa, but he has years of experience in dogs, as well as supervisory functions at customs.
Minivaltio got his first Olympic medal-people get the day off
Rugby in Fiji with a population of less than a million Olympic gold is valued in the country as high, that the Government has ordered on August 22. the day as a national holiday.
The country's public broadcaster, according to Fiji Government confirmed the Championship is awarded.
The holiday is considered the team's return home the next day.
The hero of the team is the home country of the celebrations.
Fiji Rugby teams celebrate Championships.
The Guardian reports that the country was being tracked by the finale, the capital of Suvalla, where the stadium was erected in the screen.
Normally only the native Fijians are interested in rugby, but this game combined the multicultural community.
Even the kiinalaisravintoloissa watched the game, I heard them the incentive, said Fiji Times reporter Maikele Seru Guardianille.
The drama at the Rio-suomalaisnostaja fainted after a wildly
Painonnnostaja Milko T 175 kg in the last attempt succeeded in hard after the battle.
Nostajaksi Tokolalla is a peculiar and life-threatening property.
During the rough times of withdrawals or immediately after she has fainted several times.
No one really has been able to say that the reason why.
T got the result of 175 pounds and the Rio työnnöstä tempauksesta 145 pounds.
His yhteistuloksensa was 320 pounds.
T tried to make työntönsä completing 175 pounds, as well as the toisellaan.
The third attempt the weights increased by wildly roaring musical accompaniment.
Nice body trembled under the weights until the jury accepted the withdrawal.
Suomalaisnostajan joy was accompanied by the fact that he has been suffering from knee problems.
ROPS in the Veikkausliiga acquired Prosan-virolaishyökkääjä-eBay
Men's soccer in the League playing Rovaniemen Palloseura has made a contract to the end of the period of virolaishyökkääjä Albert Prosan.
We are looking for team kärkipelaajaa, which has the power and that the threshold to enter Finland and to Rovaniemi is small.
We visited more than a dozen of the player-agent through over 50 players from all over the world.
Little by little, the crowd began to stand out as a good alternative to the Prosa, RoPSin coach Juha Malinen told the bulletin.
Prosa, 25, arrives at the RoPSiin tallinnalaisesta Flora, where he made a total of 51 goals in 109 games.
He has also played for the national team of Estonia.
Prosan is scheduled to be included with RoPSin already on Saturday, with rovaniemeläiset on the face of the wall of the ruling of the Finnish master's SJK:n.
RoPSille came the need for a new attacker, after last season's finish King Aleksandr Kokko moved to Australia.
Luscious modern family star shrug again: teen-star shorts reveal almost everything
Modern family-comedy series "about a Christian means to Alex Dunphyna come uhkeaa räväyttää, once again, by Ariel Winter body.
Winter was shot in Hollywood this week, minishortseissa, that will not leave much to the imagination.
Shorts revealed not only the actor's legs also this back.
18-year-old Winter has recently attracted the attention by changing the style and use of a much bolder.
The star is a poseerannut social media in pictures you post very short clothes and having numerous tattoos.
A young woman is also seen to be dressed in very scarce.
On the eve of the coming Winter has released recently, including several pictures of herself on the loose.
If the picture does not appear, you can view it here.
Earlier this summer, Fox News asked the experts, why Winter has changed the public image so radically.
In this case, PowerwomenTV:n is the founder and ceo of Amy Palmer suspected that There is progress "in the typical Hollywood Makeover" child star to adult.
He has been on television for almost all his life, and raised in the Kardashianeiden era.
He has learned that the more that seems to reveal the surface, the more publicity and attention in Hollywood gets, Palmer says Fox News and more, that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen countless times in the past.
Winter began the modern family series, only 11 years old.
The actor is part of the long term though, the image of the muutoksellaan faneistaan.
It is not hard to guess where he is ten years from now, when the downhill is now already about a tough, says a woman in winter's Instagramissa.
Some of the female fans instead, justifies and calls on not to ignore the criticism.
You look great!
No matter what others say.
You are an inspiration to many women, the temp of the young woman.
The Japanese want to attract tourists from the Nordic countries, preferably in Finland-the northern lights in folklore: in autumn, it is possible to see the fabulous mirror aurora
The aim of the campaign is to attract the Japanese to start the northern lights trips early in the fall, to Visit Finland says in a report.
The northern lights are medium-sized Japanese tourism in the Inari, and Levi.
The northern lights are in the winter, and they are matkailumme trump cards in the winter with a strong heart, and sunglasses for ice climbing.
A valuable culler of the northern lights in Lapland journeys is a very in demand, but now we are trying to increase the sale of the autumn holidays.
Few people know that the northern lights in the high season begins in the early fall and will continue well into the spring.
In the autumn it is possible to see the so-called mirror aurora, where the lake surface reflects the northern lights making it a vision to double the odds of this fairy-tale, tells you in to Visit Finland, vt. Marketing Manager Anne Lind.
The main target group of the campaign visit Finland, the northern lights are wealthy 25-35-year-olds, in living in the japanilaisnaiset, those who dream of travelling and new experiences.
They are already interested in Finland, to draft and design.
Tourists are attracted to Finland, among other things, an online-advertising.
Aalto University as well as the measures decided upon by the researchers of the universities of Turku and Tokyo, according to the survey, Finland is exceptionally strong and positive maakuva Japanese among the compared to the other Nordic countries.
The Japanese could do with greater clarity, however, the unique attractions in Finland, and in the northern lights in folklore is Lind's enormous potential, according to the.
Japanilaismatkailijoiden nights spent grew up in Finland, the other Nordic countries, is clearly more.
Last year, they spent the night in Finland for more than twice as much more than in Sweden, Denmark or Norway.
The Japanese have the point of view of the Finnish tourism destination, as a group, the more interesting, because they used more than 80 million euros in Finland.
On average, the Japanese used in Finland, 183 euros per day, Lind says.
United Kingdom is content organized by the master course leads to rugbyhopeaan Fidin gold
Britain's impressive progress to Fiji in the last challenge, the rugbyturnauksessa collapsed in Thursday night's finals, when the team suffered a crushing defeat at the stadium of 43-7 Deodoro here in Rio.
Fiji held a master course in reading, puruissa, väistöissä, support in the game, running lines and pure force by winning the gold medal in the first Olympic medal in their.
The defeat came just a consolation silver medal-Britain's third of the day and they got to be proud of the hard work of the Olympic Games, the rugby world in the context of the start in the tournament, which they won by New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier on the same day, playing the first semi-final to hard 7-5 profit from South Africa was able to bother them in the finals.
But in spite of this, the user Fidi would be in condition to win even though 15 people huippukuntoisen team.
The United Kingdom may be-but probably not-take comfort in the fact that at least one of the Bachelors is tomorrow, the gold medal around his neck: Fidin head coach Ben Ryan, England's former boss at Wimbledon.
It has been quite a Great Britain tour.
Eight years ago, they lost every game in Ryan's prepared through Adelaide tournament.
Here they lost just one.
This spanking hurts, but the trend is striking.
FIDI started great for averting the British tackles for the fun of it.
Captain Tom Mitchell and his team, this was like they would have run onto the moving line of cars, and the world champions led the Osea Kolinisau 5-0 after I dove into the corner of the end zone.
When the clock was four minutes, Jerry Tuwain the second touchdown, on the right side of the led to the paint potkuun.
12-0, and the United Kingdom had barely touched the ball.
Mitchell's great taklaus was stopped by the man-mountain of Leone's third goal, but Nakarawan it was Fidille only as a delaying tactic.
In the case of the seven-minute Jasa Veremalua scored at the right angle, and the United Kingdom was 17-0 losing.
While the goal of the new launcher, Nakarawa did and Bell was still left over minutes. .. for the first half of the time.
After the Vatemo Ravouvou through the taklauksista of Great Britain plunged into the loose and rushed to the line to make the goal.
Paint a kick, the situation going into the break in was 29-0.
Looked just like Fidi would have been born to play rugby, while the United Kingdom only learned the game.
And that is the way it really is.
United Kingdom, made a break of wholesale changes that clog the Fidin dam ... complete the next four minutes, compared with the first half, which at the time was fine, until the Fidin of the active input Josua Tuisova scored after the game.
Dan Norton was caught by uk in the left corner of the goal in making touchdownin and kaventaen numbers in the 36-7 of the situation, but the game had long been lost in the South Sea saarelaisille, whose supporters sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
Was impressed by the Fidin joyful approach.
Mata Viliame last-minute scoring was frosting cake, which does not Fidin coatings did not need to.
The whistle vihellettiin, fidiläiset United Kingdom huddled around and fell to the grass, totally defeated.
Earlier on the same day to the user Fidi was beaten in the United Kingdom, and Japan in the semifinals 20-5 won the South African in a tight semi-final in which both scored one goal-the British goal kick decided the game.
Kyle Brown, took the leadership of South Africa in the first half-time, but Dan Norton crossed the finish area with a stunning Vista of the foot work and scored in the paint in the second half-time under the bars.
Awesome late taklaus Watsonilta, England, 15-Marcus aside-rugby team's Anthony elderly man, secured the victory, and in the end the silver medal.
The coach's battle against cancer was driven by Helen Glover and Heather Stanningin rowing to victory
These games will not be feelings of appalling that, in gold, and it really means something.
From the first to the last snapshot, 220 hard kiskaisua toward the history books, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found the Golden moment of Estacio da Lagoalla a deeper meaning.
Although they entered together, the boat was three votes. Coach Robin Williams was present in all the time, when the second consecutive Olympic gold in women's coxless pairs kiisi a couple of the race-the first women in British sporting history in the books for such a thing to have achieved.
Their control was perfect, and it was their 39. appearance in the voittamattomina, which is also record levels.
This, what we can see, the two great athletes from liitämässä on the surface of the Swan sulokkuudella, does not reflect the nature of the victory.
Each rowing gold in the background is a group of helpful hand pairs that contribute gradually to those things that make a difference. And none of the pair was less essential than the coach, which is 30 months ago, after receiving a cancer diagnosis did not know eläisikö he to this day.
As he said, the situation was delicate.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the issues with inoperable, and they carried out the surgery.
If they do not intersect, it is spreading everywhere.
The situation could have been pretty bad.
It changes a little thinking.
Williams received the diagnosis in December 2013.
The trio was lucky in the fact that it was possible to start at the beginning of 2014, his care outside of the period, in which case they caused as little-if the expression may ever use these sorts of situations.
I had to get a salary, so I had to heal quickly.
It encouraged me.
I was in the hospital and I was walking around the Department to 20, 30, 50 feet at a time, when they said that a few step would be enough.
So it began.
Rowing in itself is a journey, but it makes it a little bigger.
Immediately after the victory of the first couple of thoughts was Williams, who had been nervous in the morning, and he had talked about a little bit more than usual, trying to deal with their own hermostustaan.
Stanning, Captain of the regiment of the Royal artillery of the Mission in Afghanistan, an experienced, said: "I've been feeling r this week, which might be a bit of an overreaction, but this means so much to me."
It just underlines how important this is to me, how hard I and Helen, and Robin, too, we have been working on.
Worn out three years of Helen's and Robin have been awesome.
Without him we would have no blue sky, so a big thank you to, he is the world's best coach.
I couldn't think of a better training partner or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the competition for five years.
A couple of the set after a hard rhythm, which their competitors do not.
Yet in the last 500 metrilläkin, when New Zealand and Denmark teams began to approach, Stanningilla, and Gloverilla was too much energy in stock.
We were very much caught up in the moment.
Helen shouted, "stay in the process, stay in the process".
It is really important to keep control.
We had a good start, and we are not at the same time tried to do anything special.
We've been looking for today only we are good rowing and fireworks displays, the race to win, and so we did.
A couple of waiting a year before to decide on their future.
Glover will attend next month's wedding, when she's going to marry the tv adventurer Steve Backshallin.
Right now, he just wants to enjoy the moment.
"I did not want to say that this would be the last competition.
It would have put too much pressure on.
After London, it took me about six months to realize that I was the Olympic champion.
Everything was so new, and I was so stressed out.
Here it took me about four minutes.
This feels so much better, "he said.
The Government of Iceland to change Panama-leakage ryvettämän
Iceland hold parliamentary elections in October, premature, Panama-data leakage raivostuttamat demonstrators demanded early in the spring.
The so-called Panama-papers revealed several islantilaispoliitikkojen circuit of tax havens.
Mr Sigmundur David Gunnlaugssonin resigned because of the scandal, but it was not enough for the demonstrators.
His successor, Sigurdur Ingi parliamentary elections promised at that time to organize new Johannsson in the fall.
The election date has now been decided on October 29th.
Analysts ' estimates, it is difficult to predict how much impact the outcome of the election, the people of the spring must fall.
In June presidential elections, and of course the point of criticality was clearly outside the elected President of the policy for settled Gudni Johannesson.
Trump said he had been sarcastic in arguing for Obama founder and ceo of Isisin
U.s. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump withdrew the latest brouhaha.
He said he had been sarcastic in arguing that President Barack Obama would be the Democratic candidate and founder of the terrorist group Isisin Hillary Clintonkin implicated in the creation of the organization.
The Democrat party was furious and demanded an apology for the Trumpilta.
The army commander should never let anyone who can sink into some down, Clinton tviittasi.
The Mayor of Cannes in the South of France has banned the use of the material covering the burkini-Muslims favored by a bathing suit, bathing will tell you, among other things, the British newspaper the Guardian.
Mayor David Lisnardin, signed by the decision states that the beaches and swimming is prohibited in all, which is not a good way to and respectful of the principle of secularism in a bathing suit.
The decision also says that the bathing suits, which grandly entitled the order of religious neutrality, can add to indicate the risk in France, which has been the target of terrorist attacks.
In mid-July, 85 people were killed and hundreds injured in Nice, when the 31-year-old man drove the French celebrate our national day juhlineeseen in the crowd.
At the end of July, the two men connected to the extremist organisation Isisiin was attacked by the Church in the North of France, and killed more than 80-year-old priest.
The quality of the bathing waters of the Oulu region passed the sieve-Lake Pyykösjärvi sinileväsamentumaa
The official website of the Oulu region beaches for bathing water quality in the water samples taken satisfy the requirements.
Only sinileväsamentumaa has been identified in the Pyykösjärven on the beach.
The Oulu region environmental work took over Tuesday and Wednesday during water samples from nine of the Oulu region, the EU and 30 from the public beach.
With the exception of all the beaches of the peninsula the sea shore bathing water e. coli-and suolistoperäisten enterokokkibakteerien, the concentrations were below the Ministry of Social Affairs and health settings action.
Sea of the peninsula beach water e. coli-and enterokokkipitoisuudet was secured on Wednesday, when the bacteria levels were reduced under the measure.
Pyykösjärven Beach uintikelvotonta sinileväsamentuma has not yet been detected in the water, do, but the situation can change rapidly under favourable circumstances, sinileväkukinnaksi, on which the indicator repeaters in the the algal mass to the water surface is composed of lauttoina.
The Environment Department is monitoring the situation in tihennetyin.
If sinileväsamentuma becomes sinileväkukinnaksi, the matter will be announced separately the beach message board.
View uimavesinäytteiden results here.
MTK:n H forest gift deduction: more than 80% of the owners of the forest outside of the
The reduction of forest change in the Ministry of finance, the gift tax is one of next year's draft budget proposal.
The reduction of the income tax act proposed in the tax, which would be granted the status of the generation of the forest on the basis of the gift tax.
The draft of the Ministry of finance in the forest there are four objectives: to contribute to the decrease in the gift of the generation of switches, providing incentives to rejuvenate the forest owners, increase the size of the forest area and to increase the supply of wood.
The Ministry's objective is to promote entrepreneurial forestry.
The forest owner would make the deduction on the forestry of pure investment income.
In General, the idea of a tool that promotes the generation of switches, is good, commenting on the Federation of land and forest (MTK) forest manager David H.
The tax proposal, however, to find criticism of the h.
The reduction will be presented to the owner of the forest, the forest of the gift of pure investment income.
It is the capital, after deduction of any other deductions.
The effectiveness of MTK:n and was followed in the opinion of the tax deduction would be higher if the deduction could be made directly on the sales of the print.
VM in a presentation on the assumption, by deduction from the forest of pure investment income to prevent it, that on the basis of the loss of income should be the capital of forestry, which should cut other taxes.
Such a person would get a tax benefit, even if not of wood myisikään.
The calculation model is too complex.
The average of the forest owner is able to perceive, H says.
In addition, the model applies to him, only a small part of the forest owners.
The forest returns the value of the tax deduction limit is 40 000 euros.
It has been pulled too high was followed.
As such, it weeds out the 82% of the Finnish forest owners, according to him out of the deduction.
The template would have an impact on about 10% of the forest owners, he says.
The status of the VM, it is considered that the objective of increasing the size of the border guarantees.
The reduction of the forest policy forest was followed by a front veivattu for decades.
In the background is the aging of the forest owner.
The average age of the forest owners, according to MTK:n, there are currently more than 60 years, and the owners of the forest, about half of them pensioners.
A powerful hail storm surprised motorists Himangalla-two cars bounced off into a ditch and crashed into each other
Fish River Himangalla happened to a very special peräänajo on Friday morning.
According to the Department of civil protection, two in a row, after which the car bounced off the landmines in the ditch in the back become ran into the above has been weak.
On the fire, according to the master's Harri Pyyhtiän to ditch the derailment is suspected to be due to the strong raekuurosta.
Behind the ajaneessa the car was two people, both of which were transported to the hospital for treatment.
Their disabilities do not have a more specific information.
The first has been the driver of the car was not injured.
The accident occurred on the highway a few kilometres of the River Fish 8 Himanka.
Suomalaistutkimus can help to improve the effectiveness of cancer treatments
Researchers at the University of Turku, fresh research results may assist in the development of cancer treatments more effective.
The Academy Professor Johanna Ivaskan research group indicate that the cancer tumor characteristics more cancer pahanlaatuisuutta.
Many human tissues such as breast tissue, are very soft, and tissue cells grow as usual in this kind of environment.
It was possible to prevent cancer growth by Ivaskan under laboratory conditions by returning to the normal, surrounding tissue cancer, soft tissue.
In the future, may be able to improve the effectiveness of cancer drug therapies by focusing on the treatment of the cancer cells, in addition to the interaction between cells and surrounding tissue.
The results of the study have been published in the 4. August of cell biology in the field in the prestigious journal, Nature Communications.
Muhos family home of the Imperial Court, the public prosecutor demands death lawsuit murder continue also to another author
Muhos family home at the death of the two convicted of threshing continues.
The two young men were sentenced to prison in June, on the family home of slain in Muhos.
Another got 8 years 4 months, among other things, as a young person of manslaughter and aggravated robbery.
The second sentence is 12 years in prison at a young age as a person of murder and aggravated robbery.
Manslaughter conviction was also the judgment of a felony as a safety at an early age, and for the carriage of the vehicle's right as a young person.
The District Court of cassation complained to the public prosecutor, the owners and being given the man.
The Prosecutor is demanding a more lenient punishment for the murder of a young person by a man sentenced to 12 years in prison.
At the time, were in full knowledge of the
According to the 17 years of the District Court was killed by the lastensuojeluyksikön as a Director of the school, has worked for the young men to the home of a man in July last year.
The murder received a 17-year-old was attacked by a judgment according to the explanatory memorandum from the rear of the living room couch, ascended to the pilot.
The pilot was able to extract the most out of your and the other young people in their room at the taluttanut young, slapped him in the vacuum cleaner tube.
Pilots also were beaten and strangled, led by, among other things, was kicked in the head.
According to the survey, both when they are suffering from at the time of the convicted were in full knowledge of the facts.
According to the young people of the right had an escape from the family home in at least the previous day.
Jäähai is the world's oldest selkärankainen, is on the increase, at the age of only 156
The world's longest-living selkärankaiseksi is confirmed jäähai, says a study published in the journal Science.
In the northern parts of the Atlantic, such as the Greenland around the uiskenteleva jäähai or Greenland Shark can live up to 400 years old.
The female is on the increase, at the age of only 156.
The life of Jäähain add to that the fact that it grows only centimeters a year.
Only one clam species are known to live jäähaita for a longer period of time.
The researchers were able to find out the age of the radiocarbon scheduling.
in the 1950s, due to the nuclear tests carried out in some of the radioactive residues haissa was.
The researchers were able to assess, on the basis of the life of sharks.
The oldest age was estimated at 392-although throwing in one direction or another can be up to 120 years.
Donald Trump talousviisaana-in the News
Donald Trump's America does not need the rest of the world.
Up to one-third of the State's total tax revenue would, if Donald Trump's company promoted by the change in the tax will be implemented.
The tax revenue would be reduced, in particular, for the benefit of the richest tax relief also.
Trump described his tax program as a revolutionary in his presentation of it on Monday in Detroit.
Business tax would drop by 35% to 15%.
Not collected would be truly staggering sum, 1 000 billion dollars a year.
The top income tax rate is reduced by 39.6, Trump's now 33.
Inheritance tax would be abandoned altogether.
Trump blamed the State of the economy from too much regulation and for driving small businesses into bankruptcy.
The knee-jerk reaction to environmental standards is to be decided, and the regulation of the energy sector to be dismantled.
Barack Obama's health care reform is to be taken.
The Administration is to appoint "experts rather than bureaucrats".
"Devastating," trade policy is one of the main causes of the problems, according to the United States with my father.
Sanouduttaisiin on free trade agreements.
45% of the imports from the PRC, mätkäistäisiin and 35% of the penalty tax in Mexico.
We offer a new future.
The fact that, not being a global player, is I think our recognition, Trump declared.
Donald Trump's America does not need the rest of the world:
American cars are going to drive on the streets, the American planes to connect cities, the American ships to monitor the seas, American steel to increase throughout the country with new skyscrapers.
In the process, by way of derogation from the Trump read faithfully through the assistants ", written by the President, in spite of the fact that the well organised protests interrupted 14 times.
Economists, including Republicans close to the see Trump's program to export the United States into a deep economic recession.
Hillary Clinton announces its own programme early on Friday, Pacific time.
The tsunami of the past-in the News
Sea myllertää on a huge scale, but the tidal wave of strikes in the middle of the bustle of the street-the Madrid with the past can begin.
It summed up the essence of the story of Pedro Almodóvar novelty.
Almodovarin previous foray into film direction Matkarakastajat (2013) was a pikkuhauska and ronskinpuoleinen a satirical comedy, before the skin where I live (2011) espanjalaistaiturin career peaks.
Tasollisesti Julieta (2016) ranks somewhere between those two work.
It is thinking in human evolution a serene love, relationship and family drama, which focuses on the relationship between the mother and the daughter.
The story is simple and is seen very much as a long takaumana.
Life seems to be the name of the person's proposal, a middle-schooler (Emma Suarez), but then everything is threatening to fall apart.
In the aftermath of the new random encounters with a male friend (Dario Grandinetti) must not be bewildered by the end of the film, always stretch.
Regression and long adult life stages in the form of a letter to his daughter Julieta times increased.
He start of the time before the birth of the daughter, the times when the met this upcoming father's (Daniel Grao).
At the same time, another main part of Julietaa at a young age as a teacher of women's a rises Adraina Ugarte, tv-familiar with the series, the time interval between Ommelten (2013-2014).
Julietan aging is treated in a manner which can be considered kökkönä, but in fact, I would say that time veikeästi and time swipe.
Almodovar-the ID of the particular films often räiskyvyyteen always with humor, right down to the Julietassa is a fair distance from the Centre.
It is tasavahvasti näytelty, discreet, some good music, and a very sad movie, which, as such, is realizing that the material.
Instead of espanjalaisohjaajalle a typical Visual color saturation is present and in such a way that it will start to put little by little the eye more clean format of the element as the work in the wake of the draamallisena power of the resort.
The movie people plagued by diseases, deaths, or sudden loss of only, but the size will remain the same for koreana hotel.
This is especially true in the case of the name of the person you live puvustukseen: change from one scene to the next, and the same is true for apparently identical korviksiin.
Almodovar is accurate, but the main point of the current scene does not particularly substantial improvement in viritelmät.
Mechanically, thus strengthening the impression at indignantly resented and a bit uninspired.
Almodovar has made the script for the award-winning Canadian literature Nobelilla 2013, on the basis of three short story by Alice Munron.
Short stories have been published in Runaway: Stories.
Almodovar has made the dialogue, the result is a bit of a tasapaksun a written literature in the remake.
The materials would have been emotionally by far the jykevämpäänkin drama, big issues, especially a nagging guilt-movie theme of the book is dealing with.
Directed and screenplay: Pedro Almodóvar.
Based on a short story by Alice Munron three.
Starring: Emma Suarez, Adriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandinetti.
The film premiere is August 12.
The election of the people's Government of trying to tricks News
The new cuts do not, the true Finns do not lead to the collapse of the Ministers, saying the order to beyond recognition.
However, in the spring of the cuts decided on a raft.
The new cuts will not come.
Already decided four billion savings.
This will certify that the Prime Minister Juha S (Center) and Finance Minister Peter an orphan (ECR) budget brainstorming session below.
It is true in the sense that there are no new cuts in the draft of the VM, due to cuts in social security, it was decided for the Spring framework brainstorming session.
Child benefit, State pension, unemployment security and almost all other social insurance index-linked perks cut 0.85%.
Income-based Jobseeker's unemployment duration from 500 to 400.
Education cuts will continue.
The municipal elections in kummittelevat
Why the Ministers emphasize the so very right on top of it, that does not make new cuts?
Because next year is an election year.
The municipal elections will be held in April, and they are the most important term of the thermometer, not polls.
In the past, we have seen that the Government parties in different directions, linking to the municipality election results ruin the atmosphere of the Board for an extended period of time.
The polls, however, indicate that the Government party, true Finns waiting for the results of the elections of the previous rökäletappio, while it was in the parliamentary elections, compared to the modest 12.3%.
The true Finns got four years ago 752 new delegates, of which a large part of the right-wing Government to influence the price of the next spring, is realized as.
The three about the same in a big party the Government's lifeline depends on that of the true Finns party square will last.
Now, it has not been taken, but more than half of those who cast their votes for a party got fed up with government policy already during the first year.
The first signs of the party's parliamentary group on the State of fermentation, have come to the surface.
The new cuts will not come-first rhetoric obfuscates the fact that next year they will be carried out, and secondly, trying to soften the blow of the true Finns, which is pending.
Suurleikkaukset in 2018?
A year after all is likely to be to the contrary-if the Government Assistant Secretary-General, is still standing.
The Government has set itself the objective of the indebtedness of the refraction in this legislative period, but Peter Orpon draft budget the debt will be taken next year to EUR 5.9 billion more than this year.
The municipality, after the elections, the Government has two options to choose from.
The first is to raise your hands up in the mid term and admits that the Government will be unable to comply with his own show: the debt not being folded over and not even slow down.
The other is to stick with the program.
It means the former on top of new cuts in the year 2017 even harsher budget brainstorming session.
Budget runnottaisiin, at least, close-to-balance during the year 2018, and then spring into the parliamentary elections against it, what you will.
These measures of debt not being folded over
It is quite clear that the current actions of the indebtedness is not folded over, while Juha S how to try to whip up a positive atmosphere.
State Secretary Martti hetemaki did tiedostustilaisuudessa the budget presented by the curves to prove it:
The world's economic growth predictions have repeatedly been shown to be ylioptimistisiksi or bet on the international economy is not going to help.
The Finnish economy is not just increased in 2008 in the face after the collapse not only temporarily at the beginning of the recovery policy, conducted in 2010.
Unemployment is 35 percent in this decade, the increased and prolonged on average 34 to 54 weeks.
Unemployment now costs three billion a year more than in 2008.
The general government debt, hetemaki esittelemillä graph that exceeded 60% in 2014, rising to 70% in the middle of the next decade.
What is responsible?
In the spring of 2015 debt recovery presented by the left-wing Alliance was rejected because it was considered to be irresponsible.
The next year, unemployment is about EUR 6 billion, which will be covered by virtually all new debt by taking.
This is the true Finns party, national coalition party and the Center Party, the perception of what is responsible.
Poll: you want to leave a lot of tasks for municipalities
Three of the four is of the opinion that a children's day care, youth work and the responsibility of the organisation include a physical activity, it turns out the TWO-Kunnallisalan of the European Foundation for the improvement of the study.
A clear majority of people blame the individual race of the genre from the libraries, culture, civil, building control, high school education, as well as waste management.
The responsibility of the province, in turn, is to be the most distinct of the County Planning, specialized health care, vocational training, universities of applied sciences and the Department of care for the mentally disabled.
Any of the tasks under the responsibility of the municipalities order does not want to move to the State.
An underage drunk driver ran at the end of the police chase away
Between Provinssirock 16-year-old motorcyclist was driving away from the mouth of the Ilomantsintiellä River the police patrol Friday night in half one time.
A police patrol tried to stop the motorcycle, but without the lights of the landmines, the young man went off to drive police away from fair to speeding.
The pursuit continued in Sonkajanrannantielle, which is still on the road and the smaller Aho, the repression of the forest road, where the motorcycle swerved out of the way.
Even after this, the young man started running away, but nopeajalkaisempi police ran the karkurin stick.
The driver was breath test showed 0.75 mg/ml.
He did not have either a driving licence, which would have legitimized the motorcycle driving.
The case will be examined, among other things, a road safety vaarantamisena.
The stone was loaded, the truck crashed into a ditch
The stone was loaded, the truck crashed into the ditch of the knee Lake Scraper on the road on Thursday evening at 21:15.
The truck was sucked into the bend of the left kaartuvassa out of the way and crashed on its side in a ditch.
Rescue services brought the injured driver out of the kaatuneesta rekasta through the door together with the rescue helicopter above have staff and emergency workers.
The increase of the vehicle was left in the car of the owner of the task.
Kaatuneesta rekasta spilled into the path of hydraulic fluid that rescue services imeytti the peat.
Police are investigating the accident.
An elderly woman who disappeared in the afternoon on the Aircraft
87-year-old woman has been in the afternoon until the missing Aircraft in the village in the South of the River in the Gulf of Bothnia.
The police is looking for about 165 cm tall, slim and hyväryhtistä women, with a white under the Chin that extend across your hair.
Observations and tips is asked to call the situation in the North of the country lost movements hint number 0295440513 of the Centre.
The ingredients of a major accident in the air-see the photo gallery of Parafestin disasters
Parafest Festival tents, knocked down a slippery flow caused extensive damage.
The mouth of the river Parafestyhdistyksen President Arto Pepper estimates that the Festival can be reached economically on its feet, and the event can also be arranged in the coming year.
Parafestin the last performer K S appeared in the Friday night at the conclusion of the market square on the stage.
On Saturday, the program will continue on-presentations from the premises of the theatre.
Art Center exhibition is forged in the Parafest at 13-15.
The program will be held as planned.
The downward flow generated by a storm cloud, when the rain water, and its weight will start to calculate the air flow.
The changes shall be binding on the water to form Thunderclouds in the heat, and, therefore, the pace of the air mass cools and descending towards the ground.
From telling you that downward movements occur in Finland a number during the summer.
Downward currents route is difficult to predict.
The downward flow of any river, the mouth of the Parafestin the scene struck the art in the Museum's back yard Friday afternoon before five.
Three tent crashed down, living in tents, there were a total of about 200 people.
The accident injured his self to say the four people.
There was one child who was transported for further treatment, to put it mildly affronted.
Air pollution the busyness Londoners would
According to the study in London without the skin is aging faster than usual.
The cause of skin aging are air pollution.
A British study says the Evening Standard.
British skincare company Caci will analyze the London air toxic particles and their effects on the skin.
The results show that many retirement age from the skin is a two-and-a-half years older than, say, in the countryside of the resident ikätoverin.
The busyness of the skin particles are very fine dust pollution from transport fuels.
The same particles also cause respiratory disease, which according to the standard of the almost 9 500 die in the Evening for that year.
Studies have found that the particles are small enough to pass the skin's outermost layer.
Cacin the study found that the early aging is a risk, particularly for those Londoners who pass through the congested streets in the vicinity of the työmatkansa on foot.
London residents can try to protect themselves from air pollution, for example, a variety of naamioilla, but workable solution is recommended for regular cleaning of the skin.
The tractor brakes in front of the seisonutta man betrayed-poking
The man had been moving yard circle of stones with a tractor.
When he had risen from the off and gone to visit it in front of the tractor, the tractor's brakes failed and spilled into the man on top.
A man has been left under it, but the tractor could, however, push the man to the extent that he was transported to the Centre hospital for further tests seriously affronted.
The tractor did not manage to get to the drain, as it crashed into the front of the rigged.
The latest efforts in the forthcoming period riento
Volleyball Championship in the League playing in October between Provinssirock-I believe it is in the better Riento leaves the starting points than in recent memory.
The team has been together soon for three weeks.
Common tunes can be found with certainty better than in previous months, when a series of beginnings have been Riennolle the storm.
Riennon as the head coach of the new team of Jani successor of the Säisä yritteliääksi and. praises the
The three aliens in the second term of Office to start Riennossa blocker Fred Musoni.
The new face of 23 years of Hiago Murangwa Nelson Garchet.
The Rwanda national football team appeared in the Nelson is a 205-foot cutter.
Similarly, Garchet is a setter, is a measure of the 198 cents.
Josban, Juniper and the River through the U.S. national team for the boys
Anne Jumppanen is played in almost all the Floorball World Championships since 2003.
Now in Tampere are going already the sixth games, only 2013 missed after a better Canada in the North American qualifiers.
I was in Turku at work and playing in the company of the women parliamentary colleagues, when I saw the announcement.
The U.S. was the founding member of Floorball.
I was inspired by and here we are now, Jumppanen, 48, says.
Jumppanen, was born in 1967 in Elizabeth near New York City.
The family moved to Helsinki with a girl is a year old.
In 1987, the River reached the mouth of the University to study computing Jumppanen.
When I came to the mouth of the River, so a species not yet CHAMPIONSHIP-level played out like a football.
Field hockey was played at the University.
I was playing basketball and, later, the sons of the Katajassa River in the ice hockey championship series, Jumppanen remember.
Jumppanen, accompanied by Floorball Championship series played at the University of 1991-92 of the season, following three seasons went by Josbassa.
He coached the Club to play A girls Championship.
Women's sarjaura the culmination of a silver 1995.
In all, he played in a series of 10 women's SM-Jumppanen, balance was generated by 169 match 51 + 34 = 85.
Most SM-the season is 2001-2002.
Perttu Puska and Tatu V was named to the national team
Joensuulaisen salibandyseuran Josban enolaislähtöinen Tatu Bush and increased P V was elected to the Finnish national team, which plays the Czech Republic in Brno's EFT-tournament 6.-8. November.
At a Batch of offensive, the 25-year-old Mohammad Puska has played this before six men's caps, which he has accumulated a total of power points 9 + 4 = 13.
The Swiss defender of the 32-year-old Wiler-Ersigenin Tatu V has recovered from thigh trouble and is a member of the national team of the standard stock 117 caps of experience.
The national team was also named the wall of the River Game of the brethren konkaripelaaja Mika Kohonen, who was seen in Finland, the last time at the world championships last December.
Salibandymaajoukkueen head coach works kontiolahtelainen Petri Kettunen.
Beach Volleyball-a virtuoso Essi Hasun full circle felt really good-SM-gold is missing from the prize closet
ESSI H is finishing up the beach volleyball player, at least temporarily, after the current season.
Born in the Finnish Championships will be resolved over the weekend in Kouvola Sports Park.
During the three days of the medals will be played, as well as adult and youth series.
In cooperation with the Association of Finnish volleyball Kouvola a favourite, and organize League final tournament is eligible for each of a series of rankings the top six pairs.
Local color in the tournament representing the Denya, and Denver to the YMCA boosted the H, which has been covered by Finnish beach volleyball-highs for a number of years.
Today in Helsinki resident H looks forward to games on the familiar in front of an audience.
I hope as many people as possible can be reached over the weekend to spectate.
Playing football stadium is certainly becoming a great arena.
I'm not an adult series very often In pelannutkaan, so it's great to play in the finals, get in, H.
The Kouvola region lit a spark of their sport and gave Hasun fine activity.
Childhood is in the mind of the great memories.
I started at the age of 9, and Denver Ymca volleyball (E)-in girls.
Uppermost in mind too the big game shirt, Kneepads, as well as a massive ACE in the ankles of rotating the screams and koreografiat the point of the post, H recalls.
A small town sports club was a close-knit community, where everyone knew each other.
The spirit of the group created the environment in which it was nice to play.
All the families were heavily involved-the team with a friend's father coached us and our mother was the President of the Club for a long time.
ESSI Hasulle beach volley was already a junior during the natural choice sisälentopallon.
The curve pond beach is played out in the biitsiä since the 1990s.
Käyskillä action has always been active.
I also went in to follow the junior SM-TTR, thinking that one day I would be in there playing.
Now this dream is realized, when H play over the weekend along with the pieksämäkeläisen Emir Parkkisen with the Championship finals.
Riikka Lehtonen and Lord of the duo's second-ranked player in the tournament in the Gulf after the objective is clear.
Realistic, we have a medal.
SM-gold from us is still a prize in the cupboard, Hasu throw a cryptic.
The presence In the weekend may be Hasulle the last familiar in front of an audience.
At the beginning of September, are waiting for the new challenges of the civil work.
Yes, the international career of the past is the race of the cliff after the tournament.
Anyway, take a step, at least temporarily, the flip flops are placed in My designs.
The downward flow of the river mouth, which brought down the tents for people with disabilities at the event a major disaster was near
The downward flow poured three tents for people with disabilities at Parafest in Joensuu, Finland.
The newspaper Added that four people were injured in the accident.
One child was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
Added to the total of around 200 people, living in tents was.
Together with the larger tent was going on the next.
Two of the tents was smaller.
The accident happened on Friday at 17.
Added to the haastattelema on duty fire champion Markus viitaniemi tells the magazine that the situation had the makings of a major accident.
According to the newspaper the event further is at stake.
The first line in place of the Central Library of the magnificent architecture of the Los An
Learn more in the downtown Central Library on the history of the Society of Architectural Historians-organization of Southern California Chapter hosted the gathering with Arnold Schwartzmanin and Stephen Geen. They are fresh, "the Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture"-the book's authors.
Depending on the program and share the Schwartzman discuss Gee and pictures of Bertram Goodhuen in 1926, plans, as well as the Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates, the 1993 restauroinnista and more.
A gathering will be held on August 21. day at 14-16 Salle Moderne Art Deco Southwestern School of Law-School (the former Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants will have access to the round Center lobby, the style of the period rooms, Cactus-living rooms and's tea room.
Advance ticket required: $15 for members of the SCC-SAH/$ 25 for non-members.
Open, industrial loft DTLA:ssa is experiencing a comfortable shape change
Los Angeles Central Library, 90. birthday is celebrated, which other than the new paper
Salomon Koli went boldly to the agricultural entrepreneur
Riskienottoja means agriculture specifically, sweat and energy.
A young farmer, Solomon K, 25, took the agricultural entrepreneur, because he believes in the positive future in rural areas.
Koli began his entry two years ago along with his little brother with the operation of their own condition Valtteri Kolin.
Their father Markus Koli to assist and advise the brothers of his own experience.
Getting started with the rural entrepreneur, was increasing the size of the debt and status, so that the body could come to hand about agriculture.
This has been pikkupojasta up to it my thing.
I have always been surrounded by love to farm, and now when I started my own as an entrepreneur, so I have put everything in the game.
If something like that to start with, so I think it must be done in a serious and properly.
In 2013, we set off to build a loose housing a cowshed, and at first the Bank had not been enthusiastic about the subject.
I left myself, however, really feel free to join in the project, and I've had it fully involved, Solomon K says, and adds that it would not be taking action, if the user doesn't have to believe in the pure Finnish food production and the fact that all the turns to the still.
The aim is to increase the meat cars still larger investment in Salomon Kolin barn.
The work has paid off, as Salomon Koli has been selected in the top ten of the rural Future-magazine of the young ruoantuottajan in the race.
Currently he is in competition with the potential profits.
He gets to vote on the magazine page, 21.8. until now.
Bulgaria announced inflation for the first time in eight months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% in July.
This is the highest reading in years (June 2012), and the first figure above zero after October last year, which was informed of the positive 0.2%.
The annual average inflation rate, as measured by the cost of living index, was in the last 12 months-0.8% (August 2015-July 2016), when compared to the previous 12 months (August to July 2014-2015).
The cost of living index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared to June 2016, or the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
From the beginning of the year (July to December 2015 2016 compared to) the inflation rate has been a yearly inflation of 0.2% and, in July 2016 was-0.2% compared to July 2015.
Compared to the previous month, in July, the price of consumer goods was detected following the rise in 2016: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), recreation and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
Prices on clothing and footwear (2.2%), furnishing, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as the previous month and from the alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education.
Snapchatin "anime" effect to a criticism of the aasialaiskarikatyyriksi
Snapchatin, anime has been a source of inspiration for the filter, but according to some observers, it is racist.
Lens tools with Snapchat allows the user to edit about 150 million daily reality and identity used when playing in ways that are almost ridiculous.
You can change yourself ananakseksi, dog or character that would fit in the Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The lenses are simple facial features väänteleviä tools that produce more than 30 million revamped selfietä a day.
Any missteps quickly end up in the public documents.
Snapchatin lenses has in the past criticized accusations that the application to advertise the blackface-or "mustanaama"-the mask with white-washed skin the color of beauty as an ideal or favors.
So when Snapchat advertised this week for some users of the lens, which gave them slanted eyes, slanted teeth and chubby cheeks, some critics called it a racist sex karikatyyriksi Asian people-"keltanaamaksi" or yellowfaceksi.
And they are wondering whether these recurring polemiikit be a sign of the company's larger problem regarding diversity.
News and disapproval spread wide on Wednesday The Vergen and Motherboardin data, days later, Snapchat said lakkauttaneensa property.
The company offered an explanation: the lens was meant to be a tribute to karikatyyriksi and television and stage actor, not Asian.
But the racism experienced observers, the lens was a reminder to any stereotypes.
Others are vehemently denied by the animevertailun.
Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student, which is widely twiittiä the photos were distributed, said the e-mail, that the lens was "at the very least, offensive and uncomfortable".
He added that "it is difficult to argue with the side-by-side comparison, which are aggravated by aasialaiskarikatyyri and filter effects".
It indicates that the filter is not only keltanaama, but keltanaama, the extreme halventavuuteen.
Snapchat is not the only company that exceeds these cultural trap wires.
American culture seems to be caught in an endless struggle with diversity and inclusion, the portraits of these meeting rooms to Hollywood and devices, which all carry in our hands.
And Snapchatin a huge, racially diverse audience of young people from their parents may refer that they even are more likely to expect a sensitive attitude.
the 25-year-old Katie, Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, that when one of the Snapchatin of the lenses to create a user infringing image, "these types is much more difficult to be inconspicuous".
On Thursday, Zhu, a product manager for Mediumille and engineer, decided to delete the Snapchat account and urged others to do the same.
Kirjoitelmassaan Mediumille and in a telephone interview, he said that he believed that the remuneration practices of racial disputes reflect the lack of diversity in the Snapchatin.
Zhu reviewed the company's predominantly white male leadership and decided to kirjoitelmansa hashtagilla #DeleteSnapchat (#PoistaSnapchat)
"Either they don't have a person in his diverse representation of the colors of the skin, which is why they are able to make these kinds of decisions," the Chinese-American, Zhu said, "or they have a different skin color representatives at work, but they are not in positions where the feel or be able to talk directly."
Others observers share his opinion, complaint, where Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on staff diversity, drawing attention to the status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the staff, according to a company representative of the racial backgrounds, but hired some time ago to the recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and to take forward the internal integration efforts.
For his part, Zhu said that it is Snapchat-account closed, adding: "I wonder if the so that they, in fact, need more just like users to be able to say that this is not ok."
The Congressional Panel, according to the military officials rigged the Isis intelligence
In a report released on Thursday, a Congressional Panel said the authorities of the U.S. armed forces military intelligence reports to Headquarters, modified the domain optimistisemman image in Iraq and Syria in the war against the Isisiä, than to events on the ground justified.
The House of representatives Defense Committee, Vice President of the Intelligence Committee, Republican power and the working group set up by the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee interim report in the report were found "widespread dissatisfaction" among analysts, the headquarters of the Intelligence Agency, who said that the managers of the American efforts to win their assessments of the thumb of Isis.
The headquarters, known as the Centcomina, is the headquarters of the armed forces of the territory of Florida in Tampa, which oversees U.s. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"High-Centcomin fights discrimination among both leaders approved by the intelligence efforts of the approach of the United States yields typically gave a more positive picture than what occurred in the facts justified. They were consistently more positive, as the intelligence community, the report produced by the analysis of the other factors, "the press release said.
"Centcomin events are unacceptable-Warrior must recover the war suffer when the bad analysis are presented in high-value for decision makers", representative Ken Calvert, the California Republican said.
Centcomin management failures to reach that level to the top of the right organization.
Persistent problems with the report is described in detail in the analysis of the efforts of the United States headquarters of photo shoots and train Iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015.
Even if it does not give clear evidence that the Obama administration's high-ranking authorities had determined reports of peukaloitavaksi, it describes the analysts felt, as the leaders of the Centcomin would be set to them under pressure to describe the threat posed by the Islamic State, Isisin, positive light.
"The whole of the first half of the year 2015, the time many headquarters press releases, statements and certificates to Congress were significantly more positive than the actual events," the report said.
Centcomin authority, for example, said in public, that the suurhyökkäys of the back to retake the could start as early as April or may 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, is still in the possession of the Isisin.
"After months of investigation, this is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, a Kansas Republican, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015 of the U.S. armed forces military intelligence headquarters in the domain of high-arvoisimmat leaders of the headquarters of the intelligence manipulated to output from the threat of Iraq is being used by Isisin.
The Republicans created in consultation with the working group that the analysts had expressed concern that the intelligence was manipulated by the Islamic State.
The results of the examination of the report that was published on Thursday, followed by more wide-ranging is running.
The Department of Defense Inspector General has launched an extraordinary, ongoing investigation of Centcomin.
The members of the House of representatives Intelligence Committee Democrat, released on Thursday, which were the same for some of my finding the Republican with the conclusions of the working group.
"The years between 2014 and 2015, the Centcom intelligence assessment of Iraq's security forces was created by Isisin and too isolated from the process," representative Adam b. Schiff, a leading Democrat of the Committee, said in a statement.
Schiff's, according to this process, "it has just kept delaying the release of" the intelligence of outputs, the mood among analysts, and not "given enough space in the eriäville view of the Woods".
Schiff, and Democrats said that they could not find evidence that the White House had tried to put pressure on the Centcomin analysts to reconcile its conclusions on a "pre-defined political narrative".
The Daily Beast reported on Tuesday the preliminary findings of the investigation of Congress.
Last August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon's Inspector General has opened an investigation into complaints of Centcomin analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, the Pentagon's representative, said in a statement that the Ministry of defence does not comment on the report of the Congress as long as the Inspector General of the investigation is in progress.
But he said that "between the experts disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and the Ministry of defence will keep a healthy dialogue on these essential national security topics welcome."
In the second study, there are other sanctions, as only with regard to the question of whether the U.S.-led bombing operations in Iraq and Syria a success (such as the growing number of defense authorities now claim).
Last year's allegations, questioned how much President Obama can count on the headquarters to provide honest assessments of the Iraq crisis, Afghanistan, Libya and other items to military action.
Islamic State Intelligence Review reflects more than a decade ago, when the Centcomin intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote in a research article, which said that, despite the objections of several analysts, President George w. Bush's administration was in favour of a small army in Iraq and spent very little time in deciding what penalties to the 2003 attack.
Hooker had a key role in the revolt on Islamic State intelligence.
According to the authorities, the group came to the conclusion that in the last year despite Hooker's public statements, the air strikes against the Islamic State-controlled factories were not significantly weakened the economy of the terrorist group, because it was built by the tilapäisjalostamoita in order to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September that this discovery does not, however, been told outside of headquarters.
Centcomin bridges the Commander, Gen. Lloyd j. Austin Iii, was criticised last year when many lawmakers saw as his witness to the Senate ylipositiivisena estimate of the war.
General Austin retired in April, and he was replaced by General Joseph l. Votel became the headquarters.
United States win for the fourth time in a row free of the British women's field hockey with the engineering
The day after, when it was made three goals in the team's triumph at the Japanese 6-1, Katie Bam did on Thursday, the United States women's field hockey team's first two goals in the Americans ' triumph at the Indian 3-0.
Five goals in two playing sounds for saavutukselta, but the 27-year-old Bam said, that it was not sure whether he was previously done the same thing.
"I have no idea," he said.
"I'm not really the kind of person that keeps a record of maaleistaan."
But this he knows: the Americans are 4-0-olympialaisturnauksessa and they share the Group's first place in the UK, which was still unbeaten after winning on Thursday, the Japanese 2-0.
Britain and the United States face off on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams have to survive the quarterfinals, and this game will determine who finishes in the first and second of their six-team group who.
The first place to avoid the strong Dutch, another team leader, a little longer at the start of the quarter finals.
How any of Saturday's game is over, the Americans have raised a stir that displays a success here, four years after that, when they stayed at the London Olympics the last 12 teams.
BAM was the team.
He grew up in Pennsylvania, the Blue Bell offers and pick up the hockey stick their hands for the first time at age 3 (he's older twin sister played the type of Drexelissä) on the national team at the age of 16, when he became the youngest ever player.
He was not involved in the 2008 Olympic Games, because, according to the final had been unable to players list».
In 2012 there is nothing worked for him and his teammates.
The following year an English Craig Parnham was appointed as the new head coach, and things began to change.
"Culture change", a mental change, a physical change, "Bam said.
We have not had the same work rate in London than we have now.
We have done an about-turn.
On Thursday evening, Bam began his first-half goal in the Act of rystylyönnillä near goals.
India had entered the game in the air a single victory in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly hard and held the situation to be found near the end of the third installment of the 1-0-until now, when Bam, took over the situation.
He carried the ball to the left of the field for a long time, then toured the Center and wrenched the ball to the finish line, taking the Americans 2-0-lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal in the middle of the fourth.
This game was the first United States zero goalkeeper Jackie Briggsille, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three for the win.
He is in good tune.
So too is the Bam.
"We now have a good situation," Parnham said, but it will depend on the outcome of Saturday's game, goodness.
Peace of olympialaisvimman in the middle of the trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever time it is, the Olympics are under way.
Rio de Janeiro's events seem to say ' yes ' and the inevitable, a raging competition and achievement, message.
Just as the Olympic torch relay would be a flaming baton, which is passed to the jousiampujalta uimarille and voimistelijalta triathlonistille.
It is impossible to put on top of the television, read the newspaper or listen to the vierustoverin debate about the café in the queue without having to consult with Simone Bilesista, Katie Ledeckysta or Michael Phelps and Chad and between le Clos'n.
And then there is a Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the Olympic first-timer, and the charmer's smile with potholes, could very well be one of the names of all the knowledge, which will be presented to them in prime time, and that the shoulders of sponsorships, as well as feel-good tv ads-if she had a swimmer, gymnast or even Olympic fencer.
But the California Lake Forest, Dooley, 28, is competing in the Olympic trampoline gold.
The Olympic flame will not illuminate all species as much.
Further from the Centre, in partial shade, are the species which are subject to all in general do not accept: the air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breaststroke, long it live.
But if I may make a moderate number erityissuosikistani, I would like to draw your attention to the entry into force of the understated charm of the trampoline.
Although trampoline has been an Olympic sport since 2000, when it made its debut at the World Cup in Sydney, its presence is in the last 16 years, between the comments so little that many that I interviewed, did not perceive at all for it to be olympialaislajin.
This can be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States has sent athletes to compete in the sport, it has never won the medals and athlete advanced to the finals until the year 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians, the Chinese, and Canadians in General, men share the women's medals.
This year, China's Dong Dong and defended London's Gold mitaleitaan Canadian Rosie McLennan.
However, there is a certain New York Yankees from the charm of the trampoline, in part because of an uneducated ear it sounds to fit better in clown school as in the Olympic Games.
Here I have to confess that I am not an expert, I'm just a flightless fan.
Discipline is the chance huvittavuuteen, such as seeing as the ratio of a drawing to purchase film connection: keep-alive, but it is also a gymnastics and uimahypyn sulokkuutta, two species that it in principle.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word for el trampolín, which means a pop-up.
The Championship chasers were jumping with giant trampoline up to a height of nearly 30 feet, and they must be carried out kieppuvia series (translations, page layouts and flips) and eventually land on their feet.
According to the official programme of the Olympic Games, they will be assessed, on the basis of the difficulty, and the "air time".
Rio is competing with 32 athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women.
The most common form of the Olympic Games, the direction is straight forward.
Women who want to go for the gold medals in the quest for further, faster, up and over-sometimes for the finish line, sometimes back and forth around the field.
They are just the start to the finish line or down the side of the forest, but also, in a televised media reporting, the second irvailevaa of the border: the world or Olympic records.
This determined pursuit of a noble, admirable and even fanatical-and it can get up to the Viewer to tears.
But it is also the reason why the World Cup can be a frightening prospect can be a little exhausting.
The trampoline features a rest for a moment here.
Trampoline's direction is up.
The goal is not to move forward.
Rival rises to a new surge in affecting painottomalta as an astronaut, will go up, then down, then up again easily.
This does not, of course, will not go into the competition and difficulty, but the programme is not a fierce rush towards the end of the period, not only in the distance, weight and jumps in the power of the dream-like, smooth.
It is as close to a zen space, than what the Olympics can be achieved.
Women's qualifying competitions and then the final will take place on Friday afternoon at the start of the broadcast at 10 (ET), the men's games will come on Saturday, also at 13.
NBC broadcast the finals as part of the afternoon on the day of starting at 14 has provided both.
Olympic buzz in the middle of a quiet, charming, they provide for a moment, that you will probably not notice the general chaos.
And if awareness is reached only by offering the miesurheilijoita tuijotettavaksi and esineellistettäväksi (such as the United States miesvoimistelijat some time ago, as suggested by The Wall Street Journal), Dooley just waiting for huokailevaa a new fan base.
"Generation to demonstrate" in Ethiopia, which is an ally of the United States long-term
Violent protests in Ethiopia
The demonstrators, calling for political change in Ethiopia have encountered violent opposition to the Government.
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of the protesters have been shot dead in the clashes with the police.
Whether Ethiopia crumbling?
In the past decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, the West, a strong ally, whose economy is growing rapidly.
Over the last few months the Government are opposed to the protests, however, have shaken the country spreading to more areas.
Last week, thousands of people rushed to the streets alone, calling for fundamental political change.
According to the Government's response to the human rights groups was relentless.
Witnesses said that police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed protesters.
The demonstrations spread, recorded videos, which is believed to be the end of last year or the beginning of this year, show how security officers hitting with sticks, young people at the same time, when they were forced to stand with his hands against the wall.
Pääihmisoikeusviranomainen of the United Nations is now asking for a thorough investigation.
"Keeping This country together was always difficult, and in the future, it is going to be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, who is the project manager for the Horn of Africa, the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is Africa's second most populous country after Nigeria, and the West will appreciate the stability of the system.
American military and intelligence agencies to work in close cooperation in the fight against terrorist threats in the region with the Ethiopians in particular in Somalia, and there is hardly any African country will get as much help from the West.
Ethiopia's economy has grown at an impressive rate.
The infrastructure has improved tremendously a lot, and the capital city of Addis Ababa, is up to the new commuter train.
The city streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
Although there is not, however, been a model of democracy in Ethiopia in the picture. Human rights groups have consistently talked about government repression, the opposition has been limited, and dissenters are silenced.
Many have been driven out of the country, jailed, killed or driven to the far desert.
But this may be changing.
"If you suppress the people, and they have no other options than to demonstrate, this will be the case," Seyoum Teshome, a university teacher in Central Ethiopia, said.
The entire youth to demonstrate.
One generation to demonstrate.
The complaints are varied and cover all of the land-use ruling coalition stranglehold.
In recent years much of the ruling party and its allies as well as further after the elections was the last opposition held on, and now it holds all the seats.
At the same time, tensions on the border with Eritrea. This tense and disputed border along the way been the battle claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that the separatist groups like the Oromo Liberation Front of Ethiopia Meles Zenawi or the National Liberation Front, which has over the past few years, more or less defeated, may try to use a pumice stone, and arm ourselves again.
Several factors explain why over the years under the surface of the bitter feelings are now blowing up after loading.
The first affects the seemingly harmless-looking: Smartphones.
Only in the last few years a large number of Ethiopians has been able to communicate through social media, when cheaper Smartphones have become more common, and internet service.
Even if the Government would close access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often does, especially during the demonstrations, many people will still be able to communicate the location of servers on the network piilottavien.
Many of the young Ethiopians, said that in this way, they gathered at the demonstrations.
Secondly, the two largest ethnic groups of Ethiopia, Oromo people, and amharat, will better work with each other.
Oromo people, and amharat are not natural allies.
For a very long time amharat, that come from the Ethiopian Highlands, were mainly Christians in politics and business, taking advantage of the oromoita, many of which are Muslims and who live in the alangoilla.
But this, too, is changing.
"We are on our way towards the organisation under the one umbrella of" Gemechu oromojohtaja, Mulatu said.
The biggest protests have been in Amharic and oromoalueilla.
Many of the amharat and the Oromo people, who think, that Ethiopia is dominated by unfairly tigre people. The nation covers approximately six per cent of the population and dominated the armed forces, intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third reason for the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, was Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died in a secret illness in 2012.
He was considered as a kind of prodigy, which saw around corners.
Analysts say that he was especially qualified to observe early signs of discontent and to use secret messengers of the opponents is harmless.
"The present Government is not the likeness of perusvaistoa", a conflict analyst Abdi said.
Hailemariam Desalegn in Ethiopia, the new Prime Minister, was picked by a relatively unknown to meet Meles'n boots.
As opposed to Meles, who was from the Northern Ethiopian tigre, Hailemariam is from the South.
Analysts say that the tigrejen-controlled security services do not trust him.
Many fear that this may lead to increased bloodshed.
The last time was in such turmoil in Ethiopia in 2005, when thousands of people demonstrated in the elections, which according to analysts, the Government seemed to like the first hutiloi and then robbed them.
In the ensuing power attack many of the protesters were killed, although less than in the last few months, and that the period of anxiety went over relatively quickly.
Development experts have praised the leaders of Ethiopia, näkemyksellisestä infrastruktuurisuunnittelusta, such as a new mission from the train, and the considerable advancements in the battle of köyhyydenvastaisessa.
But clearly this is not stopped within the country, the Ethiopian Government's contempt.
And now it starts to get dangerous, an ethnic format.
Last month, the city of Gondarissa was attacked by the protesters from the cross tigrejen-owned businesses, and tigre-the fight against hatred becomes more and more common in social media.
Analysts say that the demonstrations will put United States and other länsiliittolaiset some awkward position.
The American Government has used as a base for model airplane flights to neighbouring Ethiopia into Somalia, although it some time ago, said sulkeneensa this.
Although the Western countries clearly want to support democracy, they do not want the collapse of the already unstable ally.
"This," Abdi said, "it is a real balancing act."
Donald Trump to explain to Obama-set up-Isisin-argument "sarkasmiksi"
Donald j. Trump tried to quell the controversy on Friday by claiming to be sweeping the last campaign that he was not serious about, when he persisted, many times this week, that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "the founders" of the terrorist group, the Islamic State.
The statement raised new questions about the Republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate clearly amerikkalaisyleisölle.
It also gave her its advocates, who have strained to defend him during a turbulent period, in a difficult position, with their need to explain remarks that he does not necessarily mean.
On Wednesday evening, after a campaign meeting, the hint of Thursday's interviews with the same enthusiasm, Trump still claimed that he persisted that he indeed had this to say, that the President and Clinton was created by Isisin.
Early Friday morning, Twitter-publication of the Trump, however, said that he was just being sarcastic.
The release was an about-face from the previous day, when Trump said in various interviews that she had been really serious accusation.
When the konservatiiviradiojuontaja Hugh Hewitt tried to help by reminding him that giving you a point about Trumpia Obama wants to destroy Isisin, the Republican presidential candidate by this point of ignoring ears.
The most recent review of the storm will be in a situation in which Trump has tried again to focus his campaign on the economy falling in the middle of the results of the survey.
Trump and Clinton fought for speaking about the economy this week, in Michigan.
On Friday, Trump tried to once again return to the topic.
And, once again, Twitter, he warned that Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes, and that he was giving a speech in tylsistyttävänä.
Trump has in the past used sarcasm.
Late in July, after he faced widespread criticism for apparently suggesting that the Russians should hack Clinton's emails, he later explained to the comment by saying, "of course, I'm being sarcastic".
The approach allows it, that Trump may visit the political speech on the borders and then come back again.
"I think that it is a template, where he tests the specific messages that are important to his fans. He believes, how they work and then ' clarify ' one way or the other, depending on the reaction, "said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who has followed both the candidates ' use of language.
But I also believe that he is a knowing of its opinions, and know that they are sufficiently vague so that they can be filtered through a variety of lenses.
Instead, that would be great for the public, calling for a vote, in the last few days have been more sapekkaampi Trump is, when his popularity has continued to slide.
New, on Friday published in the NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll survey showed that Trump lags far behind President Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia, and Colorado, and that the race is tight in Florida.
Although Trump, as a rule, will endeavour to avoid any apology statement to the provocative things, he often blames the abuse arises from the arvostelijoitaan words or sense of humour misunderstood.
His face still closer examination of the presidential campaign for the past few months, Trump's jokes are forced with his faithful allies in an uncomfortable position where they have to publicly support him, no matter how provocative in his comments are.
New York's former mayor Rudolph w. Giuliani, who is one of the most important supporters of Trump's, saw a lot of effort in defending the candidate, in an interview with Cnn on Thursday.
"I believe he is real, political comments," Giuliani said, when he was asked about the veracity of the accounts submitted in connection with my father's argument that as Obama and Clinton set up an Islamic State.
It is true in the sense that it was more or less unknown, before Obama Isis small organization, which he called reinstated as an amateur, totally wrong, and that's why it happened, as he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most of the mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the Obama Government, which Clinton worked as Foreign Minister, let Isisin get worse, because it is not managed effectively to deal with the situation in the Middle East.
Before the Pennsylvania Friday's meetings with Trump went on to attack towards the news media on Twitter, who in his every word and are biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, pathetic" television experts, who are trying to get him a clear, saying "They do not fail!"
Some Democrats scoffed at Trump's excuse for the new evidence to the fact that he is unfit to be President.
In the past the closed Cafe returns to Greenpointiin
Verb Cafe was a shabby, just cash in accepting a place in Williamsburg, which did not have a wireless network, but which offered good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, Bedford Avenue in the street, it became too expensive.
The business, which was replaced by the verb in the summer of 2014, the Soap in the shape of a cup cake soaps Cherie, sell.
Local surkuttelivat keskiluokkaiseksi saneerattavassa in the most recent loss.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter: "New York is all about change, I know, but I still can not believe that CBGB is dead and the Chelsea Hotel is a few hundredths of a second, and the Verb is now a SOAP shop."
But if New York is all about change, is it also accentuates.
Revived last November, Greenpointiin, Verb opened up less than a mile from its original location.
The new Verb is wifi and you can pay by credit cards, but some of the staff is still the same and there is the same hienostelematon the atmosphere.
Banished is still good.
A new Verb to lead Cisco Rodriguez, the old Café, a longtime employee, who is the owner and President of the new.
He started for the verb in 2001, and was there until the end.
When the client has offered to sponsor him in a new place, he said he had been excited about.
Rodriguez, 36, had to many things.
Verb use the same bagelien vendor and bought a samanmallisen of the espresso machine.
It even used the old verb in the lights.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to try out.
He brought the new ingredients.
The menu includes Bacon-egg-cheese sandwiches, for example, is served with capers and pellets with Spiced lentils and onions.
Kulhoissa is brown rice.
The coffee shop is no longer served in the beer, but there are made with fresh squeezed juices.
Nine months of the year to see a steady stream of old Rodriguez says.
"Williamsburg, it became too expensive for many former customers," he said.
One day, last Sunday to Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived in the past in Williamsburg, and it became a regular Verb.
Afterwards, when she moved to Greenpointiin, he wandered in the Café.
He says that the verb has been closed, he gave up drinking for a moment to the tea.
"I realized that I enjoyed the verb of the coffee and the culture," he said.
Now he is back with the coffee, although on that day instead of the usual jääkahvinsa, he commissioned a blended chai-drink, which is one of the new additions.
Another longtime client, Tom Rosenthal, it was the verb faithfully since 2003.
He was there before the work and made the same order.
"Every day at 3 pm more than seven, on a regular basis like clockwork, I went in and they were preparing spicy bageliani with butter," he said.
In the photo. RODRIGUEZ said that he wanted to do the experiments, and to bring new ingredients in food.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still makes regular orders, but sometimes he even space for a bagel with Bacon, egg and spicy cheese.
Rodriguez says he does not carry a grudge against SOAP trade, which took possession of the old spaces.
in fact, the owners have offered to prepare for the Soap Cherie's erityissaippuan, which would be used as an ingredient in Café kylmäuutettua coffee.
"I think that we can still grab this offer," Rodriguez said.
And Greenpoint, the traditional puolalaisasukkaat are also accepted.
One of these new clients turned his menu in Polish, and Rodriguez said he plans to make it to a location in the new neighbor shortly in order to feel more welcome.
The new location has other benefits.
The local juice place wants to bottle and sell the kylmäuutettua coffee.
It is possible that the Cafe is expanding into the adjacent to the building.
For many customers, it is sufficient that they are getting old favorites a new Verb.
Joseph Whitt was a frequent guest and said that there was a desolate, when the place was closed.
When the new place opened, Whitt said, that he felt like it would be come home while walking inside and when ordering coffee.
"I'd been looking for to get to smell it," he said.
A Square Meal: depression a crippling food
In March, 1933, soon after becoming President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to eat lunch in the post room.
Treat suuna President Roosevelt had to sophisticated dishes, Fifth Avenue, such as the hanhenmaksapasteijasta, and the Maryland terrapin soup.
On the day of her diet was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes, and a dessert of plum pudding.
"It was a culinary solidarity for people who are suffering from," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added: "it was also a message to Americans about how you should eat."
Brooklyn Heightsissä couple is living food historians.
Coen's latest book, Chop Suey, told the Chinese food in America, and Ziegelman said the life of the Lower East side blocks in its food through 97 Orchard.
Their latest collaboration, A Square Meal, that Harper will publish on Tuesday, is the history of American food during the great depression of the 1930s.
Click some sort of its own culinary solidarity they meet the vendor's dinner Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, teeny-tiny, hienostelemattomassa packed the bar in the Flatiron District and which has been in operation since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered the cream cheese-bread, oliivivoi and Coe, 57, took a dose of kalkkunalla, perunasoseella and vegetables.
When a reporter ordered the meatloaf, the couple saw fit to discuss depression eating.
"The Murekkeet were very popular," Ziegelman said.
It was peanut butter, liver, bean loaf.
They were made in the manufacturing of the substance and for some cheap ingredients, which extended to the actual manufacturing of the substance.
Imagine a syöväsi so much for peanuts, that they were for dinner.
COE sneered.
"It is certainly felt in the stomach lyijynraskaalta," he said.
In the years before the recession hit, through the Americans ' tables, in particular in rural areas, it was like eating-as-much-as-all-buffet.
Women's groups were making food for the male farm workers, and fresh pie to serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to the starving Europeans during the first world war. A Square Meal-book kronikoi the ways in which the nation survived that it suddenly was the abundance of the land.
"At that time, food became a central subject of the Americans, oppressive," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally distressing was the new, low-cost diet: the mystery of the dishes, such as murekkeista and boxes, main dishes, and came to the box was "a great way to use leftovers of food," said Ziegelman, because chefs were able to hide the less attractive ingredients with a creamy sauce to layer under it.
The fresh fruit was replaced by a less expensive kuivatuilla with fruit.
The meat, which had for years been at the heart of the amerikkalaisaterioiden, became a luxury product dispensed sparingly.
Special aggregates and nutrient content of calories tested more important than taste or even common sense in the kitchen.
In doing research for the record that contains the recipes for Ziegelman produced the era of course, with fried onions were filled with peanut butter.
"It's been popular for dinner on the table," Coe said.
Ziegelman stated: "it was unreal."
Peanut butter does not in any way to fit into the paistettuihin sipuleihin.
This was characterised by many household resepteille.
Home economists, such as Louise Stanley, Director of the Federal Government in the years 1923-1943, the household was guided by the country's eating habits more than ever before or after.
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines they encouraged women to start on the "budjetoijiksi" and to meet the challenge to convert soseutetun möykyt maistuviksi such as spaghetti and carrots.
A Square Meal is a feast of historic taste of the fire.
Particularly tasty are the reports of the Government's reaction to hunger as to President Herbert Hoover let me eat cake attitude.
At the same time, when he publicly praised her childhood in simple, iowalaista food, he refined and refreshments, such as a millionaire, that he had become.
"He was going to continental food, such as fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate almost kullatussa in the dining room wearing a tuxedo.
He was the great outdoors.
President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake, unless his wife, Eleanor, had encouraged him to set an example on your own on your stomach.
As the book explains, when Mrs. Roosevelt hired housekeepers, who had no interest in taste, from the White House came to the place, which "did not offer only ankeimpiin, but also surkeimmin of Washington food."
Many of the lamanaikaisista dining habits was rejected as soon as the country got back on its feet.
Inheritance is a continuing our focus on kaloreihin and nutrition, Ziegelman said, and the way how science applies to cooking.
The couple said that when he wrote the book, they gained a better understanding of the Ziegelmanin mother's dining habits, for example, about how he was unable to throw food away.
"She really was afraid of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman, recalled: "he even sickened people."
It came wind Hat incident.
After the plates were empty, Eisenbergissä, he and Coe pulled out the dessert, which they had prepared at home: Plum dessert, which President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called Plum foam," Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give the name of the vaatimattomille resepteille the exterior.
Ex-food was not whipped, only plums, a bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All upottivat lusikkansa liisteriin sticky, Brown reluctantly.
Surprisingly, it was not bad.
COE santsasi.
Sounding bitter for the positive budjetoijalta she told his wife: "a little bit of sliced walnuts could help".
Gileadille-patent attorney shall be replaced by the costs of the fight against hepatitis C Merckia
U.s. District Court judge has ordered that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to attorney fees, incurred during the dispute in the case of hepatitis C patients, the drug manufacturer Merck & Co. Inciä.
In June, Gilead was released from 200 million dollars in fees for their two of Merck's patent, if he has first contravened who joined Gilead as far as the success of the drugs Sovaldiin and Harvoniin. This release was followed by it, when an American judge found Merck irregularities, including perjury and other unethical practices.
The judgment of the United States District Court judge on Thursday disclosed in the Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead is entitled to compensation, incurred the opposition of the action.
Merck is trying to get a hold of Gilead, which dominates the market with a new generation of medicines for hepatitis C, which can improve well over 90 percent of patients with this liver disease.
The lawsuit stems from 2013, when Gilead and Merck, Gilead as far as medicinal products the active substance of Justice challenged each other sofosbuvirin the underlying ownership of the work of the laboratory.
The United States supported the troops say, that have taken over the whole Isisin managed Manbij'n
The United States supported the troops have taken over the whole of the North of the city near the Turkish border, the Manbij'n after the arrival of the last remaining Isis-fighters went in, the representative of the group said on Friday.
Syrian democratic forces (SDF) are of the city after the last city hiding from fighter group left from there.
The troops were freed more than 2,000 prisoners, siivilipanttivankia, that the fighters were Sharfan SDF:n liittolaisjoukosta, Manbij'n of the military Council, Darwish, told Reuters.
"The city is now entirely under our control, but we have to look into it," he told Reuters.
Clintonit went on to 10.75 million u.s. dollars in 2015, 34.2% of the federal taxes paid by
On Friday, Hillary Clinton released the tax return, which showed that the Democrats ' presidential candidate, and his wife's income in that year were 10.75 million u.s. dollars, and that their real level was 34.2% of the Federal State.
In 2015, the Clintonit donated $1 million to charities, mainly to the Clinton Foundation, the former President Bill Clinton earned nearly $5.3 million puhujakorvauksia, and former Secretary of State, announced that it has received 3 million Publisher Simon & Schusterilta book, which told of his career in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Clinton's running mate, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia with his wife Anne Holtonin released 10 years of tax returns.
Their real level of the Federal State in 2015 was 20.3%.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine are setting standards for economic transparency," Clinton's campaign-aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
Nevertheless, in stark contrast to that of Donald Trump is hiding behind false pretexts and cancels the previous promises tax declarations are published.
According to the U.S. presidential candidates release tax return, even though the law does not oblige.
A New York businessman and her husband have appealed to the Government of the Trump the law the tax audit disclosure of the reason for the refusal of the tax declarations.
"Your turn," the Clinton campaign contributor Ian Sams said on Twitter to publish a link to the Democratic candidate's tax returns.
On Thursday, Trump's Special Adviser, Michael Cohen, told Cnn that he will not allow Trump to publish them before the financial controls are in place.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republican members, have said that his refusal to invite questions about his capital, his donations to charity, his business activities, as well as a number of other ties, for example, Russia.
Clinton has stuck to the problem of online video publishing on Friday, which was visible for the Republicans, who are calling on Trumpia to have its toll.
On Thursday, he raised the issue in his speech to the economy in Michigan.
"He is refusing to do what each presidential candidate has done in recent decades: released the tax return," he told the audience.
Politico has stated that it is of the Trump has not paid any or very little taxes two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times on Friday quoted the liiketoimintakolumnisti number of tax lawyers and accountants, who said that the situation can still be the same.
Federal tax rates has become a problem in the presidential election.
Clinton has supported miljardöörisijoittaja Warren Buffett's, according to a named rule that would ensure that more than a million dollars a year, deserve to pay at least 30% of the taxes.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
Clinton's meeting in Nebraska in Omaha last week, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is located there, sued Trump's meet and Exchange tax returns.
Buffett said that he is going to tax the Board's audit, and that Trump is not "afraid" of the tax collection agency, but the voters.
The Clinton campaign has released tax returns until 2007.
Today, the New York Chappaquassa living in Clintonien the actual federal tax rate of about 32% between 2007 and 2014, and their real level was connected to about 40.5%.
Clinton's tax return for the year 2015 showed that only $100 of their income came from wages, in contrast to the majority of Americans.
Their no regression is observed on target was a bargain, indexed mutual fund, and the Clinton Administration announced a $109 000 dividend and interest income.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh, editing Jonathan Oatis
Chili powder, condoms, as well as to enhance Tanzania's elephant protection sähikäiset
Ecologists in Tanzania are using the unusual way to prevent elephants migrating from human populated areas-they are throwing the animals chili powder filled condoms.
Way has proven to be effective, and the idea several years ago invented the Honeyguide Foundation, together with the Nature of its advertising with Conservancyn, has stepped up the training of volunteers in Northern Tanzania to use non-violent methods in the protection of homes and hundreds of four steps without, that animals may be injured.
In the past, many were using Spears to protect themselves.
On Friday the world's elephant day, which is dedicated to the protection of these animals.
"Ever since we developed ... Tools, we have seen a change of attitude in these communities. They are now much more confident that they can keep the elephants away from their fields without causing damage to them, "Honeyguiden the Executive Director Damian Bell said in a statement.
The first two steps include a flashlight and hit an elephant with Horn playing.
If it does not prevent the animal, thrown in the so called "chili in the cloud".
The condom is filled with chili powder and mix in the country, as well as sähikäisellä, and then the condom is rotated to catch so that only the ignition wire is visible.
When the condom is lit, it will break out in pamahtaen and squirts liquid from chili powder of dust in the air.
One whiff is usually enough to send the elephant in the other direction.
As a last resort, is a trigger, which shoots in the air of a Roman candle. Ilotulite produces a loud, bright explosion.
RT News: Jewish filmmaker criticized Berlin Hotels, which removed at the request of Israeli Arabs in the area code
French, juutalaistaustainen filmmaker let loose a media storm ravages, that the Berlin Kempinski Hotel Bristol is a list of Israel's area code. The employee, this is due to Arab customers ' requests ".
Shoah-the Holocaust narrative documentary film made by Claude Lanzmann vented frustration at the Kempinski Hotel Bristol Berlin, writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During the recent yöpymisensä Lanzmann sought to find the list of the countries of the area code, of the Israeli offer.
The country does not, however, mentioned in their countries, which can be played directly from a hotel room.
How can it be possible that in 2016, the new German capital in Berlin, Israel is removed and wiped?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol offers the possibility to call to Israel through its own telephone centre.
Explanation while looking for a film-maker, took the matter up to the hotel reception desk.
Lanzmann wrote, that received the answer "shocked him."
The hotel desk clerk said that it was the "Kempinski-Hotel management considered the decision".
The reason behind the decision caused the movie to the opponent even more consternation.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs, and they require the area code for the removal of Israel", the worker is quoted as saying, according to the Lanzmannin.
Israel's Ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the incident "a great to injustice", Zuddeutsche Zeitung reported.
"We were shocked and appalled by the way.
It is in itself a great injustice.
But even more of a shame is that this was the case in Germany and in the hotel chain.
This does not need explanations.
We expect that it will make the right decisions, "the official said.
The incident produced a backlash on the Web, when people called it a scandal.
Some have argued that the hotel simply "gave" the Arab guest väitetyille.
"Shame on you", it was said in another release, where it was pointed out that the stunning Kurfurstendamm Street, this hotel stands in the synagogue.
The hotel itself has denied all the charges against him quickly and called what happened "tarkkaamattomuudeksi" and "apologized" Lanzmannilta, Der Spiegel reported.
"Clear instruction not to include Israel in your speed-dial list is ever made", according to the representative, was quoted as saying at the Kempinski Suddeutche Zeitung.
It adds that the area code is now added.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the Brazilian students demonstrating
Students took on Thursday, together with the police in Sao Paulo, when the students gathered to demonstrate against the Government's reforms of the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against demonstrators.
The problems started when law enforcement agencies tried to break up a student set, which led to the fact that the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundreds of students took part in the demonstration in order to express the kauhuaan plans.
The Governor of the State of Sao Paulo, Paulo Geraldo Alckminin, according to a little less than 100 proposals from the public schools would be shut down, and 300 000 pupils be relocated again in order to save money.
Some of the demonstration was involved in the process of writing on the walls against the provisional President Michel Temerin graffiti.
This latest demonstration took place only days after the protesters left the movement in support of the Office of the latter as a President Dilma Rousseffia of the country to the Senate vote on his official syytteestään.
RT Business: trade between Russia and Iran will increase abruptly to 71%
After the removal of the sanctions, trade between Moscow and Tehran's turnover has grown from 70.9% compared to the previous year, says the Russian Ambassador in Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan.
After international sanctions were lifted, Russian companies in Iran are largely shown interest in business activities in the country, the Ambassador said.
Russian companies will continue their existing ties with Iran, while new companies are willing to come to the market.
"Of course, Iran is one of the main objectives of cooperation in trade, the bespoke extension," Dzhagaryan said.
He pointed out that the end of the year 2016 for the first five months, trade between Russia and Iran grew by 70.9 percent compared with the same period in the year 2015, for a total of $856 million.
Especially Russian exports to Iran rose to 91.5% of the total of 697 million u.s. dollars.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
"The growth was reached trade in machinery, vehicles, and weapons delivery," the Ambassador said.
In addition, the number of Iranians in Dzhagaryan waiting for this record of tourists to Russia.
Last year, the Russian ulkomaanedustajisto in Iran admitted Iran's citizens about 35 000 Visa mainly on travel.
Iran was also for the first time in the 20 countries in which most tourists in Russia.
"It is probably safe to say that last year's record number of iranilaisturistien in Russia will be rikkoontumaan," he said.
At the same time, quite a few of them Russians who visit in Iran, which the Ambassador hopes to change.
"I can personally recommend the visit in the cities of Shiraz and Isfahan, Yazdin. They have been preserved of the ancient Persian civilization monuments in good condition, "he said.
Scot Callum Skinner crashed on to the finish line of the British napatessa cycling gold
Scotland's Callum Skinner kiisi honor men's Rio joukkuesprintissä cycling in the stadium last night, when the British team at the 2012 London trio defended his title for the year.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow was the anchor role, where his Scottish colleagues Sir Chris Roy distinguished himself as a youth, legend was proud when this kiisi finish napaten victory over the favourite New Zealand team.
Britain took a shock victory four years ago, at the same time, as part of their gold for the fifth of the six Olympic Hoy won.
And they repeated the trick coming off the modestly kuudensiksi March-run in the World Cup in London, although Hoy has since decided to race in his career.
Beijing and London Olympic Games between the problem was the replacement of the erikoislähettäjä Jamie Staff.
This was achieved just in time, when Hindes appeared.
Hoy's compresion ending also created a vacuum, which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton were trying to fill.
Skinner was a man, which in relation to the skotissa potential of the British coaches insisted that now is understood.
Hindes, Kenny-who won the Championship four years ago, with Hoy's Compresion and Skinner made the Olympic record in the time trials, but New Zealand took the leadership in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel of gold.
Hindes was your round after narrowly behind, but Kenny shoved the team's leadership, and Skinner had to stick to it.
The strategy change was a big part of the transformation, and it belonged to the Hindesin driving a bigger gear, so that he would slow down and allow the Kennyn and, in particular, Skinner's hold on the pace.
Hoy was followed by the role of the BBC as an expert, and drew the attention of the Skinner, Kennyn and Hindesin their when he took the podium.
the 23-year-old I am told by Mr Skinner said: "the comparison is flattering."
I'm just here to do my best and hankkiakseni fame.
We made the final with an Olympic record and we beat the world champions.
It was absolutely incredible.
There may be better ways to win.
After winning the London 2012 Kennyn and hoy's Compresion alongside Hindes admitted that it was intentionally crashed on the track after a bad start.
He later pulled the comments back, and not the UK's competitors have complained.
This time, in the case of force majeure, the victory was not a similar problem.
Hindes said: "it felt like when it would have been in London, when the pedestal was so much British tickets."
As a team we found a connection in the last three months of the year.
We have lost so many World Championships, so the Olympic Games winning again is simply stunning.
One of the Gold Medal of the event, one of the people, who won seven of the species, as well as a total of ten cycling in Beijing that in London.
If this is the last of five months of development, we expect a successful five-day cycling Stadium.
On the basis of the Kennyn by the condition, it is not at all impossible to imagine him playing three Olympic gold medal won by Hoy's Compresion urotekoa, one at the Olympics.
It would mean that the Kennyn-which is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born with 23. March (during that time, apparently as a sacred day for British sport, which is also a Steve Redgraven, Mo Farah and Roger Bannisterin birthday)-the total amount of the increase to six gold medals and one silver.
It would be the same as the Hoylla.
Kenny competes in the next Sprint, which starts today and will last for three days.
Holidaymakers driving from Bolton, the 28-year-old said: "I enjoy now, just this one.
The team competition is always the best.
It will be overcome with your friends.
To be honest, to win alone, lonely. "
Hindes said: "if he wins the other two gold medals, he should be given a knighthood."
This was a day for the only Medal of the competition, but the Kingdom received more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull had the fastest time in time to double, 4 km team pursuit qualifying.
Their time was 3:51:943.
London 2012 gold won a world record is 3:51:659.
In the first round and the final (22.42) will be held today, the second day of the competition, in which case Wiggins is certainly the Centre of attention.
He had a dispute with the judges yesterday before the time trials, when officers called him the length of the measurement.
The equivalent women's competition continues and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Milngavien Katie Archibald progressed to the world in record time, the clock stops at the time of 4:13:260.
The British team has learned to trust that its an awesome track cycling team to take over the central part of the Olympic Games, and to achieve the full set of medals.
After Beijing and London really exceptional and perfect management, expectations have downplayed before the Rio games.
In the background there has been drama, the Technical Director of the notable successes of which have not been, Shane Sutton, the difference in April because of accusations of sexism and temptation, as well as suurhenkilöiden, such as Hoy's Compresion and Victoria Pendleton civil service reform, the racing career.
Based on the first night races in the cycling Stadium, however, it seems that the reputation of the British the now legendary rise to the pinnacle of a perfect moment to once again be the case.
The Portland smelter because of an agreement to cut the future questionable
Portland Victoria aluminum smelter, as well as hundreds of workers ' jobs, the future is uncertain, when the factory electricity company recorded net sales of electric company revealed that one of the factory owners are coming to the distribution agreement, so it is expected of all distribution contracts.
The action follows a decision by the Victorian Government earlier this year that the plant in operation for keeping the required payments will not be extended.
a 20-year period provided for in the t runs out in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be at risk of Alcoa's Portland plant.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be at risk, either directly or indirectly, with the closure of the factory.
In addition to the snowball effect can be possible, since the smelter uses about 10% of Victoria's total electricity production.
In 2014, the Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter, which led to the closure of the plant in the last year, Anglesean.
Alcoa's Portland smelter will lose money and is under threat of closure.
The measure follows now for a number of years of speculation about the future of the plant, which began as a result of the strong Australian dollar and the price of production in recent times due to the factory.
AGL, which distributes electricity to the General alumiinisulatolle Latrobe Valley, Loy Yang An the power of children, said that it expects the closing of the owner of the three the rest of the contract.
Most of the factory owned by Alcoa and Aluminan syndrome, and the Chinese CITIC, as well as the Japanese Marubeni Corp. own smaller shares.
"The continuation of the activities of the Portland plant, AGL expects the smelter physical electricity demand will continue," it said.
AGL:n according to the agreements, are the so-called "protection contracts", which was supposed to come into force in November 2016.
Agreements have a 12-month notice period, so they run out in 2017.
"That is why AGL expects the contracts to produce results for the fiscal year 2017," the power company said.
The result of the effects of all possible AGL:lle from the financial year 2018 forward limit at the moment, the wholesale electricity prices in the futures market, with strong views.
AGL said it has already "in anticipation of the end of the" reduced the value of the contracts on its books for $187 million.
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the contracts does not affect Alcoa's ... ability to keep the supply of electricity to melt or to safeguard the smelter ".
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, and the entry into force of the agreement was to come in November of this year, but it has not yet explained why it withdrew from the Treaty.
Analysts have been on the alert, as well as in Victoria, the Portland smelter that also the possible closure of the Newcastle, located near the Tomagon factory, because of the economic situation in the sector is poor.
In the past week on the AGL:n the Executive Director Stephen Mikkelsen told analysts that the Portland spends about 600 megawatts of electricity and Tomago about 900 megawatts.
"If the two plants will be removed from the market, this is a significant reduction in the demand for [electricity] markets.
Us sähköntuottajana this would not be a good thing, "he said.
Kendall, is not just a Kardashianien reality tv star, is on the cover of Vogue's September
Kendall Jenner, 20, a model and mother-Manager Kris Kardashian Jenner clan-the fourth daughter, the number on the cover of the September Vogue the United States desired.
Kendall, who is Estee Lauderin brändilähettiläs and been a model in Milan, Paris and New York fashion week, announced the news on Thursday, Instagram account.
"To see this room, which is filled with loved ones, made me cry," Kendall wrote.
The cover of the publication was followed by the eccentric (or perhaps just Kardashianien in the style appropriate?), scripted reality-video, where the whole of the Kardashian-Jenner clan (not including problem cases and with Rob and Caitlyn, all of your favorite entertainment uncle, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) forgot about her sister's cover, but that ended in the classical turning point: they suunnittelivatkin a surprise party.
It has almost every children's television series "birthday section" clichéd plot pattern (Seacrest recites the words "you are not suppose to have thought, that we will forget you" aamupiirretyn pupujussin the credibility), but Kris had to get other tyttönsä somehow take advantage of this.
This is because we have certainly moved on to a new Kardashianien era in the September Vogue on.
Kendall's older sister Kim might recognize in the action first (he shared it with her husband, Kanye West in April 2014), but the magazine in the September number is absolutely in a class of its own.
The September vogue number is the size of the year's most selling Edition.
Its thickness is more like a coffee table book than a fashion magazine, and the number will attract a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista went down, that last year's 832-page opuksesta 615 was advertising content).
The unveiling of the cover star is expected to so vehemently, that in the last two years, the pictures in the newspaper were leaked before the official release.
Previous women on the cover have been, among other things, Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In the last few years there have indeed been on the cover of the more "celebrities who act as models for the" as of "templates that are celebrities".
Oscar-winner and Dior's Ambassador, Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover of in 2013, the year of Lady Gaga's pride of place.
But if that happened, Jenner, which the magazine describes his generation "success model", to hit the first, he is a pretty good company.
These celebrities are not famous people's relatives, or realitytähtiä, or in today's young people, who know how to make a good Snapchat-the video (though Jenner has all of this).
They are reasonably talented women who become successful in the entertainment industry.
Last year's cover model Beyoncella has been Lemonaden with the release of one of the strongest in the years of his career.
All, of course, are not pleased with the successes of the Jenner.
Her reality tv-old Jenner status in the fashion world will always be uncomfortable.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour has reviewed the Jenneriä and colleague Gigi Hadidia, calling them "the ämmiksi of the moment".
This feeling once again rose to the surface with the cover of Vogue-Jenner.
But discontent rotation is quite improper.
Kendall Jenner is the number on the cover of the September Vogue.
In the purest sense of the word, she is a supermodel.
He is a model for Marc Jacobs.
He will sell you the Estee Lauderin makeup moisturizer.
He and all of his sister are selling you the pictures of themselves, pay for their own wall at home.
He sells pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter, that he took the LOVE magazine.
And in his spare time, possibly just to see her sister Kourtneyta and the children, he is a reality tv star.
Each year the community legal centres turn out of 160 000 people
More than 160 000 of the most vulnerable in the event of every year the people of the community legal centres, when the effects of the cuts in the financial sector is gearing up for more already at.
Queensland in the three out of every five people-mainly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, those who do not have the means to fight against unfair evictions and similar-in the event of a already out in their search for free legal advice and representation.
The community already limits venytetyt legal services are gearing up for more cuts.
In June of next year the number of these legal centres is to lose 30% of federal funding.
The Queensland community legal centres Director James Farrell said that the most recent National Association of Community Legal Centres-calculation according to the report, thousands of people turned away at the already out of each year.
Farrell said that if the Federal Government's decision is not reversed, the situation is only going to get worse.
"The Queensland community legal centres are chronically under-funded, which means that each year, thousands of people turned out for the essential services," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, which is uncontrollable and responsible creditor, separated families, unfairly separated employees-all of these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they do not get the help they need.
The Federal Government cut funding by 30% in June 2017, which means that thousands of residents of the vulnerable Queensland is forced to navigate the complex legal problems without help.
We call on the Minister of Justice, as well as the Queensland Senator George Brandisiin, that they immediately withdraw these funding cuts, so that people can get the help they need help with legal problems.
Last year, the provincial government implemented its promise to raise the level of legal aid funding for the national average.
Now is the time to look at the legal centre of the community and the needs of their customer communities, and Palaszczukin of the Board should be placed in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign was challenged in court, after employees were allegedly threatened with a gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign was challenged in court, that they are allegedly did nothing after they were told that the head of the campaign to the North Carolina operation was threatened with a gun to employees in February for their driving Jeepissä.
The incident was described as the State of the campaign, finishing behind the former software trainee Vincent brought proceedings before the Court of the State of Ministry in Charlotte on Wednesday.
Bordini said that he waited for months, that the situation would be dealt with internally, before I realized that "it is not going to happen".
The head of the Earl Phillip "took out a pistol, put the right of the end liipaisimelle and shoved the barrel against Vincent polvilumpiota", Bordini said in the complaint.
After unsuccessfully lodging a complaint to local and regional campaign manager, Bordini heard that at least four of the other person had had a similar experience with the Phillipin, it was said in the complaint.
"Weapons do not have to be triggered by damage," the appeal said Bordini.
The challenge comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate, caused outrage in telling the audience in North Carolina, that "another increase in people", which generally is considered to be the owners of the arms and aseintoilijat-to be able to take action, if his rival Hillary Clinton to be elected and would choose the judges.
Trump's campaign said that the media has taken his words out of context, and that he is not advocating violence.
Finishing behind the challenge sought compensation for negligent supervision of the campaign as well as the Phillipiltä of violence, assault and emotional shock.
Trump's representative did not respond to a request for comment Hope Hicks immediately.
Attempts to reach out to you to Phillip did not succeed.
WCCB, Phillipin Charlotessa, a subsidiary of the local news reports to have left recently.
His consultant, within his undertaking Innovative Consulting Services submitted to the callback request is not answered immediately.
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign has been controversial.
The legal case is Bordini against Donald j. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, the Superior Court Division of the Country of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
The spirit of the Olympic Games, the British will have to channel and to expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring recovery and the blossoming of the size of the stomach, not only in local communities and across London.
For myself, this was Heathrow great charm, just as it was also in the London 2012 Olympic Games charm, when we saw a huge amount of effort to ensure that all of our people and our region would benefit from the World Cup.
The Olympic Games were given the enormous benefits of Stratfordille and East Endille.
And we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses to Heathrow.
Only the local communities will be created 10 000 40 000 new jobs in the new training places and, as well as removing unemployment around the airport.
As well as before the London 2012 Games, some will come from ajattelemana, and a challenge to the expansion of Heathrow is too large.
I was told that the Kingdom will never be ready for the World Cup, and that would put us to shame in front of the world.
The skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they are going to be in the wrong to Heathrow.
There are always there, but Heathrow is responsible for each question, which it is presented.
Like the Olympic Games, including the Heathrow is infrastruktuuriprojekti for many, not just a select few.
The extension is the ability to create up to 180 000 new jobs and 211 billion the pound sterling economic growth, as well as leave a legacy, as well as the recruitment and skills around the airport and around the UK.
We have a flat-screen Tv, awesome team, which has taken 11 billion £ infrastruktuurisijoitusohjelman on time and on budget while still remaining: T5:stä, who has been voted the world's best airport terminaaliksi, five days in a row, two of the busiest in the world, which was built in the T2 from a runway.
Now, the team is ready to take the third runway, which supports 16 BN pounds private money.
The London Olympic Games in 2012, were a great success, and I am convinced that the Heathrow extension is it.
It is time for us to channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and to expand Heathrow, to ensure the future of the trade, and to create a legacy of skills and employment, from which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton at Heathrow Board Chairman and a former Secretary of the Ministry of Finance of commercial.
Adblock Plus and Facebook game of cat and mouse game ad blocking
Companies that get money from online advertising, companies ignore the ad blocking program are "cat and mouse game," said one such a program.
On Thursday, just two days after, when Facebook announced that it would prevent the ad blockers on your computer to be used on their website, in a blog post, which said Adblock Plus was released to allow users to update the program filters to prevent again the ads of the social network website.
On Tuesday, Facebook said that it change the ads around the Web page code, so that it would be more difficult to detect, and ads inhibitors which parts of the page are advertisements.
But now, Adblock says that it is bypassed with the new code.
In the blog post Adblockin representative Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of return the battle to open-source the ads block between the community and its kiertäjien has been running ever since, when the ad blocking was invented", and that it is possible that Facebook comes up with its own solution soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has taken part in the fight, there is a strong indication of how great the sorrow of the ad estäjistä has become an industry.
Worldwide, about 200 million use to serve ads on inhibitors, describes last year's Pagefairin and Adobe's study. This is nearly four times more than that which was used by these programs in 2013.
1.03 million active daily users use Facebook on mobile devices, and 84% of the mobiilimainostus are now Facebook's advertising revenue.
The company, however, is the computer used for the pages of ads for mobile ads, the inhibitors of the enzyme inhibitors do not work on the social network Facebook's mobile applications, or Instagramille, a representative said.
Computer ads bring more and enough income, so that this kind of action considered worthy of investment in Facebook.
Also on Tuesday, Facebook said that it would up-date "ad fancy"-tool with a view to giving people more power in terms of how ads are targeted to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblockin new filters were worrying, because they would prevent a portion of the site other than the ad content.
"This is not a good experience for people, and we have plans to address the problem," Facebook said in an e-mail statement.
Ad blockers are boring tools, which is why we have instead focused on building tools such as Ad Preferencesin management people.
The woman was left in a car with the engine on the road apparently committed suicide due to the
The victim was lying on the freeway in the middle of the night.
Police looking for witnesses after a woman was left on the freeway for several of the vehicle under the early hours on Thursday in the case, which was apparently a suicide.
The incident occurred in the canton of Vaud, near the A1 road Morges'ta just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman made a "desperate act" and settled down in the dark to lie down on the road, where he was hit by a number of means of transport, the Vaud police said in a statement.
The victim, who clearly was trying to kill himself, was a 49-year-old Swiss woman, which was hit by several vehicles, including a truck-car.
He died on the scene.
A number of drivers to the entry has already been tried, but all have yet to be identified, told the police that will appeal to them and to all the todistaneita who witnessed the incident, to come forward.
The criminal investigation has been opened, what is a "logical" step in this kind of situation, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Genevelle.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether one of the drivers in the indictment of any individual through forensic evidence.
Whether it was possible to avoid a collision?
It will be referred to the public prosecutor, "Hofstetter said.
In the last five years, two similar cases suggest that drivers are not considered to be responsible for.
In both cases-both of which was the person who walked in the dark on the freeway, it was estimated that motorists will not be able to expect a pedestrian on a highway in the middle of the night, the journal said.
Last year the police regarding the death caused by the negligence of fault on the part of pardoned her after hitting and after killing the man, who was lying on A road near the Paynernea! one night in August 2014.
the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had gone out on the road, the Court was told.
The Court ruled that a police officer who was responding to an emergency call, drove a reasoned manner, and that the man's presence on the road was a "quite exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
All, that is about Thursday's incident near Morges'ta, should call the police number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA's climate model: Venus was once habitable
NASA's new climate model estimates, Venus was probably once habitable.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore the planet Venus-Research Centre, and a thing of the past by using the tools and algorithms, which are similar to ilmastotutkijoiden with that are used by the.
The model was designed to find out whether it would be Venuksella, with vedettömine and carbon dioxide themal baths can be found täyttämine could sometimes be maankaltaiset air kehineen.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus ' slow speed to explain its thick atmosphere.
But most simulation refers to the fact that the Venuksella could have been thin, the terrestrial atmosphere, and it would still have been able to rotate slowly.
The formation of the surface of Venus is also considered an early model.
The planet was likely to land in the drier regions, but there was once enough water and the geographical variation in the life of a militaristic and waxy covering protecting the water fast!.
The early advantage of the atmosphere of Venus was also 30 percent less intense sun.
"The slow rotation of the model in the simulation of Venus GISSin unveiled its day-side to the Sun for almost two months at a time," GISSin researcher Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
This heats up the surface and produce rain, which creates a thick cloud layer that acts like as protecting the surface of the warmth of the Sun.
The end result of global average temperatures are, in fact, a few degrees cooler than the current ones.
The model was produced by the planet Venus in the developing stages of the story, which is similar to what in the past had access astrobiologists were assumed.
Although Venus probably had sometimes reside, it was exposed to the light of liialle heat and ultraviolet for many billions of years.
The oceans evaporated, and the water vapour of the fire by ultraviolet light.
When the hydrogen escaped, there remained only the thick carbon dioxide atmosphere tappavine greenhouse gas ilmiöineen-Venus, that nowadays we are familiar with.
The researchers divided the results of the new climate model of Venus, Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy gives up the avalanche coach willing to
Patrick Roy quit his job with the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, coach and hockey Affairs Deputy Director-General of the measures, saying the reason for the lack of impact on the opportunities for the team's decision-making process.
Colorado's Joe Sakic, Executive Vice President/Executive Director, confirmed the information and said that the team will begin searching for a new coach immediately.
"For the last three years I have done my duty to the Colorado Avalanche ice hockey Affairs as Senior Vice President and head coach looking forward to, with passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in a statement.
I've been thinking about over the summer, a long, hard look at how I could improve this team in order to give it the necessary depth and take it to a higher level.
In order for this to be achieved, in the view of the coach and hockey Affairs Deputy Director-General must be fully in line with that of the organization.
He must also have the opportunity to influence decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions do not currently exist.
Sakic, who was recruited by Roy's 23. may 2013, thanked Royta for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me today of its decision," Sakic said.
We appreciate all that he has done for the benefit of the Organization, and we wish him good luck in the future.
Roy was named the League's best coach to Jack Adams Award during its 2013-14 the first prize for the avalanche.
He led the team to the victory in the Central Division, 112, and but the the Minnesota brought down the Colorado in the first round of the playoffs, and the team have in the past two years.
The avalanche games period 2015-16 ended in defeat and victory, 39 39 4 equality in the game, and the team lost by five points to Wildille, thus losing the Western Conference wild-card playoff spot.
Hall of Fame selected goalie Roy won four Stanley cups with the Montreal Canadiens, as well as the Avalanche-two.
North Sea oil workers continue their negotiations and postpone strike
Due to North Sea oil workers työtaisteluita salary is deferred, when all parties will sit down for a new round, the lead negotiators said.
Strikes in the oil field services company Wood Group Royal Dutch Shell have been held occasionally led the North Sea rigs.
"Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to resume the process, which is aimed at the solution of the current conflict," the joint statement read.
We consider the following a few weeks during a series of meetings throughout the day from early next week, so that we can take a fresh approach to the problems.
The recent industrial action of trade unions according to their actions, which they say is the first for more than 25 years, was a protest against the wage cuts of up to 30% of the potential,.
This year, the Wood Group cut premiums by about 9% of the contractors in the North Sea a negative due to the pressure of the market.
The company's premium reduction will follow a reduction of 10% of the countries of the contractors for the year 2014.
The company said that more cuts would give the company the necessary space for the market to overcome the slowdown.
Shell, in turn, has reduced the pay of thousands of people laid off and announced plans to leave the oil and gas operations in the country for up to 10, when the company lighten its operations as a result of the merger of the British energy company BG Group left.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, and this situation is aggravated by the British decision to go to the economic kesäkuullinen of the European Union.
A Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with Union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest in the North Sea, and this has jeopardized a generation.
He said that the North Sea is essential for the economy of the region.
"We need an economy that works for many people, and not just a select few, so the North Sea than in the whole country," he said in a statement.
The North Sea is expected in 2016 for less than 1.4 billion-dollar investments in new projects, while the average of the last five years has been about $7 billion.
Kepler will measure stellar rotation speed of the Pleiadian star among the
Most the Kepler space telescope mission has helped astronomers of her period to collect the most complete list of the Pleiadian star in a series of stellar rotation speeds for your.
The new data will help astronomers of her period to understand why the star of a series of stars that revolve at varying speeds, as well as how the cycle times associated with planet formation.
"We hope that by comparing the results with other Star, we learn now more star mass, its age, and even the relationship between the history of the solar system," Caltech infrared processing and analysis beyond Pasadena, the Center's researcher Luisa Rebull said in a press release
The pleiadian star cluster is 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars are born with a set of about 125 million years ago and are just now reaching adulthood.
They revolve around the now top level.
Huippupyörimisnopeudellaan these are the stars of adult learning, plunging into large amounts of stellar wind.
When these winds pass through the stellar magnetic fields, they are holding back the stars.
When the speed of rotation of the star, it begins to slow down.
Kepler will measure each star speed by following the appearance of the commas, such as recognisable star to the Sun.
Most of the stars in the speed of rotation of the list suggests that the massiivisemmat of the stars rotating more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compare the stars, bigger tanssijoihin are doing pirouettes at a lower rate than the smaller ones.
"That time" at the ballet ", we see that the slow pyörijät tend to be more solid, while the fastest in the pyörijät are usually very light of the stars," Rebull said.
As the Pleiadian star cluster is so close, it is an ideal laboratory for the assessment of the properties of the cosmic stars, rotational speeds.
"The Pleiadian Star offers a set of theoretical models of stellar rotation anchor, covering both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why the stars are slowing down the rotation speed, and, as it were, put ' dance shoes ' manor houses.
Rebull and his colleagues described their latest analysis of the Pleiadian rotational speeds in three article, which will be published shortly in the Astronomical Journal.
