The 28-year-old keittiömestari was found dead had been San Franciscosta
The San Francisco changed the 28 years old, was found dead in the local keittiömestari ostoskeskuksen rappukäytävästä this week.
The victim's brother, however, says that he does not know anyone who would have liked to get hurt him, and said: "His case finally went very well."
The body, which was found on Wednesday morning, the Westfield Mall -ostoskeskuksesta was identified until the age of 28 sanfranciscolaiseksi Frank Galiciaksi kuolemansyyntutkijan San Francisco, the agency said.
San Francisco police said that the death was henkirikokseksi and that an investigation is under way.
The victim's brother, Louis, Galicia, told ABC ’ s channel KGO in San Francisco, for that Frank, who had previously worked in Boston, had received linjastokokkina unelmatyöpaikkansa sanfranciscolaisen Sons & Daughters -ravintolan linjastokeittiömestarina six months ago.
Sons & Daughtersin representative, said that they are "shocked and appalled" as a result of his death.
"We are a small team, which works as a close family, and he will be greatly missed," the representative said.
We send our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank during this difficult time.
Louis, Galicia, said that Frank yöpyi hostelleissa at the beginning, but that the recent "his case finally went very well."
"He found a flat tapaili and one of the girls," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said that they do not know anyone who would have liked to get hurt in his concern about the younger.
He was a gentle and he had a big heart.
His stand in solidarity with the family had to make us with food, to have dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to be involved in the minkäänlaisissa disputes.
He was the brother, who enthusiastically with the flow.
"In a world where so many things are going wrong, he had a rough diamond in the kirkkaammin which was notable for every day," he said.
Anyone who has information is asked to call the San Francisco police vihjelinjaan number 415-575-4444.
The requirements of the new leading Lääkäriharjoittelijat strike:
The representatives of the junior doctors are asked who will be holding their kiistassaan to adopt the new industrial action on a new treaty.
The British Medical Association (BMA) -lääkäriliiton Junior Doctors Committee (ICCP) (JDC) to ask the Council as a whole to support the new collective measures since the beginning of September.
JDC says that ministers have failed to address the concerns about the agreement.
Lääkäriharjoittelijat and lääkäriopiskelijat voted in July in its rejection of the treaty, which was agreed with the BMA.
58% of the votes cast members rejected it.
Thursday evening, in a letter published via Twitter to the members of the JDC's President Ellen McCourt, said that the government had remained "stubbornly silent" issues, which he said led to the rejection of the agreement.
He said: "In the light of the JDC's government has voted in favour of the complete rejection of the proposed new contract and demand for the formal uudelleenneuvotteluja all of your concerns."
In response to the government's silence JDC's government has today submitted a formal request for the Council of the BMA, in order to have for the increasing gradually, starting in the early hours of September and an expanding työtaisteluohjelmalle will mandate.
Kiistasta has followed that junior doctors have taken part in six strikes this year, including the first complete työnseisaukseen in the history of the NHS in the healthcare system.
BMA's junior doctors leader, a doctor Johann Malawana, resigned after the vote was rejected the agreement, negotiated by the BMA's recommended by the conditions.
He had told members of the BMA's meetings before the vote of 54 000 one -opiskelijan and that the agreement was a good one, and it should not be tolerated.
After the vote, the Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the agreement will be to impose the doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: external consortium of?
Gesture, which was closed to the crisis.
The Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday kätelläkseen and eight months of each other in order to declare the words and the economic sanctions battle officially closed.
But Vladimir Putin tervehtiessä Turkish Cypriot colleague kullatussa Palace in St Petersburg in the room, I had a clear impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
Yes, the käteltiin at the ceremony.
But Mr Putin, with a smile, and he seemed to be väkinäiseltä uhkunut little heat, even in their own hillittyjen according to the standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in contrast, has spoken of the "dear constantly about her friend" Putin - five times, according to one report.
Sekosin bills.
He also vowed that relations with Russia is not only to return to the pre-crisis levels, but even better.
The following day, the newspapers here described Mr Erdogan ’ s käyttäytyneen than nothing bad would never happened.
Personally, I think it was his enthusiasm for the opposite.
But Putin säteilevä Viileys showed that the Russian leader has not forgotten about anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks: When Turkey shot down a Russian combat aircraft to the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at the time, was furious.
Putin was attacked by accusing Ankara for the fact that it puukotti Moscow pat on the back.
An attack was even worse when it came to the oletetulta friend.
The restoration of confidence is going to be difficult, perhaps impossible.
The Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media led to the astonishing, an attack against Ankara.
All of a sudden, it seemed that the Turks were to blame for everything.
The most serious of these were the senior officials of the accusations that Mr Erdogan's own family has benefited from the illegal assets hallitsemilta from the Islamic State in Syria.
He has denied this.
But in St Petersburg, the official message was that it is time to move on.
After all, this meeting took place only because of the fact that Mr Putin, she received an apology to President Erdogan.
Russia has reached some sort of victory.
Ceasefire agreement to Ankara, the benefits are clear.
First of all, Mr Erdogan needs all the friends after he almost were ousted from power last month in the aborted coup d'état.
The continuing terrorist attacks in Turkey are also clearly shaken him.
In addition, there is a financial motive.
Russia's economic sanctions have been heavy, especially the ban tilauslennoille which usually take several millions of venäläisturisteja the Turkish coast each year.
The number has fallen by almost 90%.
Russia, the local tour operators and tilauslentoyhtiöt will surely be relieved when flights are continuing at the end.
They are hoping for a late seasonal rush to the Mediterranean.
And, as early as this week, state TV has predicted a cheaper fruit and vegetables, after the agricultural imports from Turkey, once again, is allowed.
“Turistit there, tomatoes back here," such as the newspaper Vedemosti formulated in the report.
But the visit was also a political value in Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what is considered to be the weak yritettyyn in response to the coup.
When it will be added to the resentment at a snail's pace, which lasted for a long time edenneistä the EU-our comes out, Mr Putin, who is eager to take advantage of the viileyttä and murentamaan Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader certainly got points Ankaralta where he phoned after supporting in support of the designated authorities.
Of course, this is a foregone conclusion for Moscow, which has its own deep-rooted in fear of their election victory.
So this meeting prameassa merenrantapalatsissa made it possible for Russia and Turkey's presentation of the "outsiders" of the coalition, as one analyst described the situation to me: Two of the land in the West, who feel abandoned by them and have treated them wrong, joining forces.
These two, however, is the major differences in spite of the public reconciliation.
Avainongelma is Syria, where Moscow has recently tried to reconcile themselves to the role of peace, but Russia and Turkey, which support opposing sides.
It may be significant that nearly three hours after the initial discussions, presidents have told the press that they were not even touched on the issue.
Turkey's president of deliberately avoided answering a question in the context of their erimielisyyksiinsä, while Putin chose the emphasis is being placed on them.
There is not a clear understanding of where they will be able to find common ground with regard to Syria.
After months of open hostility, and given the opportunity to the full extent of the disaster in the NATO member Turkey ampuessa down Russian combat aircraft, it is surely better, that the two leaders are, once again, even to keep talking.
The Royal Bank of Scotland lost the Scottish from external customers
The Bank, according to the chief executive of RBS-branding -rooliin cut in the back office.
The Royal Bank of Scotland lost the Scottish from external customers.
Ross McEwan, RBS Scotlandille has told the BBC that the branding was related to the bank's international ambitions.
Then, when the bank nearly collapsed eight years ago, and it had to save, it has given up on these objectives.
The bank's strategists have used this time to protect other RBS 'tavallista' tavallista -tuotemerkkiä kuluttajarahoitusbrändejä.
It was supported by the millions of pounds spent on international sport sponsorship, the Six Nations -rugbysta the Wimbledon champion Andy Murrayhin.
But it is now considered to be right to give kansallisempien brändien to come to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is in place with the Scottish customers, but it will not start again from the beginning.
In England and Wales, all references to the RBS-päätoimistoa NatWestiksi pörssilistauksia and, apart from the changes.
Ulster Bank -brändi is already in place in Ireland and Northern Ireland to the customers.
There are other, smaller yksityispankkitoiminnan brändejä who will get more visibility, Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwania interviews with customers and staff of the round the Inverness shiressa.
He told the BBC: "RBS-Scotlandille sijoittajabrändimme will be the brand of our workers and employers, because we are now much more brands bank."
When the bank itself became a global branding RBS, became a global branding.
So I would say that there is no longer a global goals, we have a local targets.
Each of these brändeistä means something very different in their own communities, and our staff will work with clients of these brändien below.
RBS has already stated that it will not proceed with the Six Nations sponsorship, and it has raised the profile of the various brändien urheilusponsoroinnissaan.
"It is now time to move in the direction of brändien 2001Free because, in essence, (we asked), it is a question of how we can focus on to make this a better bank for customers," CEO said.
Three years ago, I would have been a very cynical, if we would have said that we are going to be a great bank for customers and offered these brändejä.
But, as a result of the work of what we have focused on the needs of the customer, not ours, I think that you will see a lot of changes.
We can bring those brands back, so I believe that the time is right.
Frankie Dettori wins Newmarket Predilectionin and to achieve a victory in the 3,000
Dettori suihkuttaa champagne after kaksoisvoiton after he or she has a total of 3,000 profit
Kilparatsastaja Frankie Dettori secured 3000. brittivoittonsa Newmarket on Friday.
He reached the milestone in the evening's second voitollaan kotiradallaan Gosdenin Predilectionilla by preparing to compete in a John.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth Jockey, which to achieve this milestone kilparatsastuksessa.
He will be followed by Sir Gordon Richardsia, Doug Smith, Lester R. Piggottia, Pat Edderyä and Willie Carsonia.
The triple mestarijockey Dettori, who won the past Ghayyarilla, said: "This is a special."
I am very emotional, too, because my family is here.
I am very pleased that this happened in the Newmarket, because here I began 30 years ago.
This is not a big event, this is not the Royal Ascot, but an ordinary Friday evening and 20 000 people.
I am relieved and very humble. "
Dettori absorbs the taluttaa Predilectionin hurrauksia when he raised the issue after the victory.
Two kilparatsastajaa have achieved this milestone estekilpailuissa - mestarijockey Richard Johnson and eläköitynyt 20 times higher than that of a champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had the records of more than 4300 rikkovalla career victory.
Lester R. Piggot, 9 times higher than that of the Derby winner, 4493 profit
Frankie is one of the best kilparatsastajista of the current era, and it is no surprise that he has achieved this milestone, which only a few have achieved before him.
He is an elegant and strong, but his tactical ällinsä to distinguish him from other punnitushuoneessa.
He is a wonderful ambassador kilpailuille, his enthusiasm and karismansa have drawn fans of the species is already a couple of years.
I said a few weeks ago Frankielle Epsomissa ratsastanut 6000, that he would be the winner, if he had not only on the weekend and the big Games Jockey!
Frankie is entirely serious, ratsastanut voittajilla in Great Britain, the largest part of 30 years, which is great to see.
He is a lively person, which is a good thing for the British competition, but in addition to that, he has an incredible Jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone tavaramerkikseen muodostuneella lennokkaalla laskeutumisella satulasta.
Lennokkaista lopetuksista lennokkaisiin laskeutumisiin, Frankie Dettori has been the face of the British kilparatsastuksen for two decades.
This has been vuoristorataa.
Kasoittain profits at the big things, including his famous' Magnificent Seven 'tavallista -voittonsa Ascotissa in 1996, but he also discovered lentokoneonnettomuudesta and kilpailukiellon suffered as a result of the drug.
Three years ago, he had a difficult start to his return from six months after kilpailukiellon, but he showed great character to challenge the doubters and when they return to the best kunnossaan.
And he may go on at length - Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue to compete in at least 50 years of age.
Esikuntapäällikkö Sergei Ivanov, Russia's Putin dismissed
Russian President Vladimir Putin has suddenly sacked esikuntapäällikkö Sergei Ivanov.
Mr Ivanov has been part of Putin's luotettua-crowd for many years.
63 years old, has now been appointed Special Representative for the Environment and Transport.
In the opinion of the Kremlin said that Putin has "ordered to move away from Mr Ivanov, the leader of the Russian presidential administration tasks", but this has not been worth it.
Mr Ivanov, the deputy director from 2012 onwards, Anton Vaino, has been named his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
He was born in Tallinn, the Estonian capital, in 2012, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and was -instituutista Embassy in Tokyo.
Later, he led the president's protokolla- and hallitushenkilökuntaa, says the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
When he was appointed, Mr Putin, he said: "Thank you for your trust."
I think that the administration's main task is to support your efforts, Head of State, what will be the draft laws, as well as the implementation of the ohjeistuksienne under control.
Mr Putin told Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov was asked to leave her place and recommended that the Persecution appointed in his place.
Are hymyt convincing?
This is a movement that has stirred up Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies, and, as Mr Putin, the function of the Soviet security service in the KGB.
Esikuntapäällikkönä he was one of the country's most influential men.
The state television showing the meeting with Putin, the two men argued that esikuntapäällikkö withdrew from the pages of their own, on request.
But despite hymyilystä Kameroille, only a few people here are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
In other words, whether this is just the kind of power struggle between jälkimaininki?
No one does not yet know.
But the official claim that the man, which, once again, to publicise potential as a presidential candidate, all of a sudden, wants to lead Russia's environmental policy, has been received very sceptical.
The Kremlin's website lainatuissa his comments, Mr Putin, Mr Ivanov said "it is true that early in the year 2012, I asked you to give to the debate over the four years of this very complex, even say the laborious task.
Well, I have now been esikuntapäällikkö for four years and eight months. "
Mr Ivanov accepted the role in December 2011.
He was Deputy Prime Minister in the past, and the defence minister.
He is a member of the Security Council and a former member of the Russian state security service in the KGB, as well as those of Mr Putin.
The end of the 1990s, when Putin was the head of the state security service FSB, which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his varajohtajakseen.
When Putin came to power, he said Mr Ivanov as one of five people, to which he trusted most.
Once, it was thought that the Ivanovista could become Russia's President Putin, because Putin since the end of the second period of the third season would have been in breach of the constitution.
This task, however, went to another Putin's close ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister, before his return as president only three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds -tähti Thomas Gibson received kenkää lyötyään producers
Gibson was involved in the dispute over the last month, a series of physical kuvauspaikalla in Los Angeles.
Series, the producers of ABC Entertainment and CBS Television Studio, announced his erottamisestaan in a joint statement.
Erikoisagentti Aaron Hotchneria played Gibson made an apology on Thursday before his irtisanomisestaan was announced.
Kuvauspaikalla had creative differences and the dispute.
The, that it happened, "he said in a statement.
Studiosin ABC and CBS Television Studiosin, according to a statement the details about how the Gibson figure will be removed from the FBI agents for a series of tiimistä is expected at a later date.
Previously, Dharma & Greg -tilannekomediaa tähdittänyt 54 years old has been involved in a series of its first period in the year 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds -sarjaa and I have given it everything I can over the last twelve years," Gibson said in the statement, published on Friday.
I had hoped that I am involved until the end, but it is not possible at the moment.
I would just like to thank the authors, producers, actors, the incredible our working party and, above all, the best fans, a series of which can be.
The tuotantokauden the twelfth meeting is planned for the beginning of the September 28 day.
Mysteerikalat ended up in the orchard Banff,
Banff, a man who has asked for help to identify the fish, which have emerged in his puutarhaansa.
Kevin Bai believes that 75 fish could be sand eels, which the Maelstrom has left behind.
Bain, who lives in the 500 metres away from the sea, published the footage of the Periscopessa ilmestyksestä in the hope that someone might be able to bring clarity to the emergence of two inches of fish.
Queensferry Crossing: The bridge stretches now Fifeen -ylikulkupaikka
The £1.35 billion project is now expected to be ready by May 2017
Insinöörit have joined, as well as the crossing of the Pyrenees in Queensferryn pohjoiskannen maasillan, which means that the bridge now extends Fifeen.
It is the first of the four sulusta 'kansiviuhkojen', which are now being completed the bridge around each of the three pillar.
Siltaosuus Fifesta is now the 600 metres long and weighs 30 000 tonnes.
It is one of 10 000 tonnes of steel and 20 000 tonnes is concrete and 46 harusköyttä.
The £1.35 billion project is now expected to be ready by May 2017.
Minister for the Economy Keith Brown visited the building site today and was one of the first to Boys walking along the land sillalle.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the crossing of the Pyrenees in Queensferryn.
We are all really impressive engineering in this project, which has been used for more than 30 000 tonnes is concrete and steel siltaosuuden alone in this building. "
The bridge, in spite of the enormous size and weight of maasillan and siltakannen between the finalisation of the platform is a delicate operation, with extreme accurate sizes will be compatible.
Overall, nearly 79% siltakannesta is now in place, and in the last part is being cast betonikansi Rosythissa today, which means that the whole lid is ready to increase this to their seats sillalle.
Michael Martin, the Fort Crossing Bridge Constructors, head of the project, said: "The first released anywhere siltaprojektissa is always an important milestone.
In this fantastisessa project this rakennustekniikan represents the top of the bar.
When the final tiekannen the proportion was installed and connected to the growing pohjoispylvään tiekanteen, we had to shut down after the remaining part of the interior as set out in the north, in other words, to the side.
This was done by pulling on the northern corridor maasiltaa 700 mm in a southerly direction.
This was a huge and at the same time very demanding measure.
The huge, because the Viaduct has 222 metres long, weighs around 6000 tonnes and had to drag around 3% kaltevuuskulmassa.
Obsessive-compulsive, because the permitted mittapoikkeamat, according to which the team worked, were pikkuruisia, only a few millimetrejä in both directions.
Fortunately, however, it all went well.
Salvation Moelfre Baylla: Three men are "lucky when he was alive."
Three of the men are "lucky" when he was alive after they fell off kalastusveneestään Angleseyn.
Moelfre RNLI -pelastusveneasema did the alarm at 1.20 p.m. (BST) on Friday, after the crew saw the event evolving Moelfre Bay -lahdella.
Three men were trying desperately to swim safely to their boats continue moving forward on their own.
"We saw a rotating boat closer to the men, and we thought we had the worst," Moelfren pelastusveneen ruorimies Vince Jones said.
"Fortunately, strong wind was puhaltanut it came out of them by the time we were able to mobilize," he added.
Local kalastusvene saved the two men, and a third, 60-year-old man was found in terms without roikkumassa poijusta pelastusliivejä.
The men were rannikkopelastusveneeseen and brought back to the pelastusveneasemalle.
Jones said: "These three men are lucky to have blown into the water when he was alive and fully vahingoittumattomia.
A tappokatkaisinköysi was the engine, but it was somehow breakaway right on the boat people, when the boat overturned.
Someone took care of these kavereista today.
Pokémon Go is a respectable the health and happiness of hunting
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
Over the past decade, many have murehtineet the fact that teenagers and children are no longer go out of play, but that they prefer to spend their leisure time sound evidence by looking.
Pokémon Go prompts people to stand up and take part in one of the daily activities.
Näyttöaika was originally on the television, video games, then and now, in recent times, the smart phones.
It is wonderful to see that the TechnologyBrazil10 and ulkoilma-activity are not mutually exclusive.
I am referring, of course, to villitykseen called Pokémon Go. Sovellukseen, which is based on the hahmoihin, which originally was developed in the 1990s, was born in video games (later the Animated cartoon, pelikortit and other jatkotuotteita).
Like many of the pop culture phenomena, its popularity was somewhat diluted before the publication of this new game in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in the early hours of July.
Since then, the game was delayed publication in other countries, because of the huge popularity ylikuormitti servers.
Only days of Pokémon Golla was users more than Tinderillä and almost as much as the Twitterillä.
How does it work?
In a nutshell, the players are in search of a selitettynä älypuhelimiaan Pokémoneja which traced GPS, and who, in the wake of the discovery could be "against" (ruutukaappauksen) or on the phone with the help of the “captured ”.
Generation, who played the game at an earlier age, has joined the kink in villitykseen and etsintöihin according to their daily.
In the United States, the game has led to a significant increase in "keskivertohenkilön" daily askelissa.
Apple Watch app for Cardiogram, which will be followed by 35 000 users, recently told the Washington Post that, within two days of the publication of the game for 30 minutes a day, the number of people moving from 45% to 53% hyppäsi Cardiogramin seuraamissa käyttäjissä.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Gota, it only sees harjoittelutasotiedot.
Many public terveyskampanjoiden calls "to find 30", "rising daily" and "not an active every day," have not produced any results, on the grounds that the vast majority of the public is tedious terveysvaroituksista and they care about the people who seem to be onnettomilta.
The importance of exercise is not, however, cannot be ignored.
Regularly mobile is a lower risk of developing cancer or depression.
Thermodynamic activity to help painonhallinnassa, high blood pressure and diabetes. Its interests are too complex to read out here.
Pokémon Gon hienous is that it gets people to go out and do something for which they enjoy.
This will be covered by the three pillars of health: Exercise, fresh air and sunshine, as well as hauskuus.
Some people even get metsästäessään to make new friends.
As usually, resent this ilonpilaajat are looking for things to complain about.
Yes, someone will be able to walk in the door.
And then?
It has been a breakthrough.
While in the past was Fitbitin such applications, which made it possible to monitor the activity, they are not allowed to be movement in the same way as this game.
Uutuudenviehätys will disappear and the use of diminishing in due course.
Pokémonin will, however, because of the success of the other games, which unite applications and virtual reality responds to take an active role in honouring metsästäviä many of the people to be more active, better shape and healthier.
Read Dr river www.drjoetoday.com The blog can be found at:
Simone Biles gold in women's voimistelun moniottelussa nappasi
Unohda the pressures.
. Unohda julkisuuskohu
Simone Biles is immune to it all.
. Energinen hypyissä
Smooth puomilla.
An incredible the pit of.
A shining everywhere.
And now, finally, our Olympic winner. "
19-year-old American voimistelija reached moniottelun mastery over on Thursday, leaving the gap between themselves and the loppumaailman raised the issue in the spotlight of the Olympic Games.
He kokonaispisteensä, 62.198, were clearly the better, than hopeamitalistin and "Final Five" -joukkuetoveri Prince Aly Raismanin and the Russian pronssimitalisti Mustafinan Aliya.
American Simone Biles tasapainopuomilla Women's Artistic Gymnastics moniottelun individuals' Final at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on Thursday.
Bilesista became the fourth American woman, who has won the peräkkäisesti moniottelun mastery over, and, on the whole, V--5th amerikkalaismestari. At the same time, he reinforced his reputation of their generation, and, perhaps, is the best of all time.
He broke out in tears when his finaalipisteensä was announced, and his long journey towards this moment was closed.
This achievement to raise her in the same category as other generation with the best athletes, such as Michael Phelpsin, who have increased the survival of the human species to a new level:
Biles has dominated for the past three years, winning 15 of its kind in maailmanmestaruusmitalia, including 10 gold, programmes, whose ambition and precision of the mixture has been so amazing that the 1984 olympiamestari Mary Lou Retton called him "the best näkemäkseni voimistelijaksi."
The final test in Brazil, looked forward to the competition, which was not so much the Biles and other competitors, but between him and ylisuurien between the burden of expectations.
A return to the family home in Texas Springiin without a handful of gold medals, it would have been a disappointment.
American Simone Biles, left, and Prince Aly Raisman halaavat after winning a gold and hopeamitalin (in that order), the women's Artistic Gymnastics moniottelun individuals Final at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, elok.
Biles won the first coin on Tuesday, when he was eläköityvän as the pinnacle of the national team coordinator Martha Karolyin, lähtöjuhlissa.
While Biles claimed that he had never thought about the future to tread the path to the top of a long, it is not entirely true.
Some of his permanto-programme - which includes his tavaramerkkinsä volttiohitus latinalaisamerikkalaiseen - has been adapted to the music, which would fit perfectly, but also on the street beside the Rio olympialaisareenan.
This is not a coincidence.
That girl whose his old parents adopting taaperona, and whose coach Aimee Boormanin mother found, when the girl was on an investigative trip salilla where Boorman valmensi, has become a powerhouse.
He has not lost since the summer of 2013, moniottelussa voittoputki and this is likely to continue as long as the Biles wants.
While Mustafina was at the head of a small, after two rounds, it was just an illusion.
Tasapainopuomi and permanto where Biles is the dominant world champion, had expected.
He rose to the top of the 15.433 puomipisteillä and exceeded the 15.933 through the pit.
Raisman hugged him gently when they were expecting loppupisteitä - a mere formality - and the tears came Bilesin glitterpunaisella, white and blue defined in the eye when the myth, which he once wrote leikekirjaansa, came true.
Raismanin performance was touting a kind of four years ago, when he was divided in third place, but lost the pronssin Mustafinalle uusinnassa.
At the time, a 22-year-old joukkueenjohtaja, which the Americans call "isoäidiksi," was clearly winning.
He sent a letter to the public permantosuorituksensa lentosuukkoja after the return of emotion, which at times seemed questionable.
What Bilesiin is concerned, the 19-year-old widespread twiittaus earlier this week, has a new meaning:
Police: Three of the victims were shot in their listening to music in the car sarjamurhassa
Phoenix over the last decade, the first sarjamurhaajatapauksen kuolettavimmassa attack killed two women and a 12-year-old girl sat in the car juttelemassa and listening to music when they were shot by the police on Thursday published. It was told.
The authorities have said that Angela Roche Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis, as well as Mr Elles ’ daughter Maleah was shot on 12 June ajotiellä pysäköitynä in relation to the car.
The report says that the passenger's side of the car käsiaseen triggered the shooter stood up to eight times and then fled to the other side of the vehicle.
According to the police kolmoissurma does not seem to have been robbed, as the result of an aggressor is not taken handbags or another adult in the victim had 2 900 dollars.
Phoenix police spokesman, ylikonstaapeli Jonathan Howard, said that the shooting prompted the researchers to examine whether it was in the context of the previous four offensive.
A total of seven people have been killed and two wounded in four months, nine of the injured in the attack, which has been the subject of two latinalaisamerikkalaisessa mainly in the quarter.
"These are taking place on a housing estate in front of the home," Howard said earlier this month, a subsidiary of the CBS KPHO.
The suspect is believed to have used a number of vehicles, such as the second half of the 1990s ruskeaa Nissania, in the second half of the 1990s, a black BMW, as well as the white Cadillacia or Lincoln.
Scientists have not agreed to reveal the evidence, which led to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and are made of the same killer too.
Ellis, 33, was taken to hospital, where vammojensa died at a later date.
Liner, 31, as well as the daughter of the Elles, Maleah, died at the scene.
Eyewitness told the police that they often pysäköidyssä were sitting in the car listening to music.
The authorities also published poliisitiedotteen the shooting, which happened just half an hour before kolmoissurmaa and which was the subject of empty avopakettiauto. This is believed to have been the work of the sarjamurhaajan also.
Researchers found bullets scattered with empty shell cases, as well as the luodin istuimesta luodin moottoritilasta up.
Mikrokefaliaa having 6-year-old mother: "The situation will be much easier."
Edmund Picciuto, as most of the rest of the Support for childcare for, loves laulamista, toys and, of course, his mother.
But, unlike a large proportion of ikätovereistaan, Edmund is pienipäinen. This is the result of a genetic disorders, which his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, did not know when they are pregnant.
"When he came home for the first time, ensiajatukseni was that I will not be able to do this.
I will not be able to do this.
I offered to do this.
What is not at all true - of course Lupauduin, "he said.
He and his, her Vincentille, was told that Edmund does not necessarily never learn to identify them, and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested that he would be invested in residential care.
"Ensireaktioni was that, 'I did not know people still do it'," Picciuto explained.
Edmund kävelytelineen you walk through.
Edmund has sat or ryöminyt as the only kolmevuotiaana and he is still talking about it.
But he was slow to reach a number of milestones.
He walks avustettuna and drive by bicycle.
In addition, he loves to play with two of his brother, as well as sing.
Elizabeth appears to be how Edmundin keksimillä viittomilla viitotaan laulaisitko "me."
“Opetamme him sign language," Picciuto told CBS Newsille.
But this is not a normal sign language - he says that Edmund has come up with some of its own viittomiaan.
Microcephaly can be due to a number of different reasons: genetic Edmundin, or, as in the case of the raskaudenaikaisista virusinfektioista on measles or, as in the case of the Zika virus.
The symptoms, and prognosis can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of the people infected with the Zika.
Picciuto remember tunnekuorman caused by an uncertain future.
Kyselin only, what is going to happen.
What is going to happen?
And he, in fact, still do not know.
I actually have not asked at the time of the forecast, because I do not expect that no one would be able to give a real to me.
But Picciutolla is hopeful piece of advice for mothers, which is from those wells Zikasta syntymävika.
The situation will be much easier.
You can go to believe that the situation will be much easier.
Rakastat lastasi, and your child loves you.
Rankkasade and the floods have caused rescue operations in Mississippi Louisianassa
Rankkasade and widespread flooding Louisianassa received the Governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday. Osavaltioon expected more rain on Saturday.
National Weather Service reported that a number of rivers -sääpalvelu kaakkoisessa Louisianassa as well as the southern Mississippi River flooded exceed their limits and caused widespread tulvauhan an extremely tough due to heavy rainfall.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards, said that the state authorities are in constant contact with the local authorities, and that the aid is already becoming piirikuntiin where it is needed.
Kuvernöörin security and emergency preparedness for the office of Representative Mike Steele, said that they will receive requests, boats and nousuveden Kulkuneuvoista hiekkasäkeistä.
Steele said that alone Tangipahoan district asked for the tens of thousands of hiekkasäkkejä.
Tulvavahti is in force until Saturday in a large part of the southern Louisianaa.
Sääpalvelu said in the statement that the region is expected to still have three to five cents more rain.
In southern Alabamassa tulvavahti was in force on Friday, when the rain continued Mobile in the region.
Baton Rougen close to the running of the Comite river, as well as the flood of Denham Springs, near the Amite River are located in both Louisianassa, and they predicted that tulvahuippuennätyksen during the weekend.
Sääennustaja Alek Krautmann, said that the two rivers to flood the Baton Rougen close to a number of houses in the suburbs.
He also said that the threat is situated along the lower down the river Ascensionin County flooding when the flooded rivers are falling slowly Lake Maurepas -järveen.
Mississippi State, south of the border in Liverpool in Louisiana on the flood of Tickfaw River was at an all-time at the highest level in nine on Friday morning.
Pelastajat pick up more and more people and Wilkinsonin tulvavedestä Amiten piirikunnissa lounaisessa Mississipissä.
Leroy Hansford, as well as his wife and poikapuolensa were among the rescued at Glosteria close on Friday.
62-year-old Hansford says that normally more than 400 foot radius of his house in Beaver Creek water rose quickly during the night.
He says that the second, who lives near the poikapuoli warned him.
"We woke up to it, and the water only continued to rise," Hansford said.
It was vyötärölleni until now.
Hansfordin's wife told miehelleen that he has not seen the puron water so high in the 48 years that he has lived in the present.
Hansford said that both he and his family members have all of the injuries, and that he is the only uimataitoinen.
Hansford said that rescue workers were rescued by a large group of some of the army, in a lorry and took them to a Glosterin paloasemalle yöpyivät, which rescued on Friday.
Krautmann, says that "the widespread flooding in the rapid spread of the heavy rain continues," and that the authorities are planning to evakuointimääräyksiä.
Krautmann says that one eyewitness reported 13,75 tuumaa Livingstonin close to midnight, and the rain Friday morning.
Krautmann, said that the country was on Wednesday, until the time of bail out completely.
Rankkasade and street flooding led to the rescue Tangipahoan County residents from their homes, as well as the dropping of the lessons in five koulupiirissä, the authorities said.
CBS ’ s subsidiary WWL reported that Tangipahoassa a member of the city council, said 200 homes that would not have been flooded.
Residents were evacuated to the two church, but both are now flooded.
Piirikunnan President, Robby Miller, said that the authorities rescued 72 people and 7 lemmikkiä who had remained nousuveden saartamiksi.
Amiten and Hammondin cities have been opened shelters for those who have been evacuated.
"They will be allowed to return to their homes, when the water starts to fall," he said.
Tangipahoan Hammondin situated in the town in the county of about 20 street nousuveden were shut down, and residents were given to collect hiekkasäkkejä to try to keep the water out of their homes and his movements.
"The last major flood here was in March," said the city's administrative authority Lacy Landrum.
This is going to be a similar case.
Harrison County Mississipissä hätätilannejohtaja Rupert Lacy said that the steady rain continued along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
He said that on Thursday, a handful of houses were told on Friday tulvineen, but so far there have been no reports of any tulvatapausta.
Amitessa Shopper Value Foods by Arla, the leader of the Movement of Keith Townson, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I have seen the water in places where I have never before seen, ” Townson said," and the rain continues still. "
"Täynnä bullets" had the old Mahaj Brown will survive the Philadelphia weaponry
The police tell us that the age of six boys has been shot in Philadelphia, which means the second six shootings in the city this week.
A child's grandparents told CBS Philadelphialle his entitled 'Mahaj Brown.
Grandparent say that Brown received a number of ampumahaavoja nivusiin, among other things, in the foot, hand and stomach, but he was conscious when he was transferred to hospital.
"He suffered a lot, his small vartalonsa was riddled with bullets," the boy grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
I will not be able to believe in it.
Sairaalassa the boy is in critical condition, and he has carried out a series of cuts.
The family tells the station that he is expected to a speedy recovery.
He was at the start of a first class in the local primary schools.
Brown was one of the four ammutusta Germantownin part of human.
The three men were shot: Two 29 years of age and one of the 32 years of age.
One of the 29 year olds men were reported to be in a critical condition; the other two victims were in a stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found in a car ammuttuna etupenkiltä together in a critical condition to be 29 years old, with a role in the reported.
Two other victims were in the car, and police are investigating whether one of the injured men to be the shooter.
Scientists tell CBS Philadelphialle that, it appears that there were several ampujien ristitulta between them.
Hyökkäysaseen type of paper, which come from a variety of hyökkäysaseista, responded to an incident.
It seems to me that it was definitely a constant battle.
Not was scattered with empty shell cases jalkakäytävän on both sides.
"It seems, therefore, that here was a series of armed fighters, and that they were active in the fight," the Philadelphia superintendent Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Many of the houses and vehicles in the region were also hit.
Arrests have not been carried out, and, according to the information received from the police is investigating valvontakameran strings.
Another old, the girl, was harhaluodista osuman tools on Tuesday, when he was playing in front of his home in the West Oak Lane neighbourhood.
He is now recovering, and the police are still searching for the suspect.
Why do we need, and Laurieta Simonea Gabbya
So this year at the invitation of the women's Olympic voimistelujoukkuetta, for more than one reason.
First of all, I have been in every Olympics at the since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And secondly: In this team is involved in three voimistelijaa, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas, Laurie Hernandez and Lauren '', which are coloured inspiroineet many of the girls.
The composition of the team, which the Jewish Prince Aly Raisman and Madison Kocian Catholic complement, not all proud.
This team seems to be, at long last, America.
It has also established a tummaihoisten and the Latin American presence of women at the top of the species.
In the last four years, the most successful naisvoimistelija has been an African American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were the first and second.
This is a fantastic.
Last at the Olympics Gabby Douglas has surprised olympiavoittajana, and America hurrasi.
Now, the world has witnessed the triple world champion Simone Bilesin, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez incredible performance, where they are unexpected, but mestarillisia voimisteluohjelmia.
On Thursday Simonesta became the fourth American woman, who has won the women's peräkkäisesti yksilökultaa moniottelussa.
And joukkuetoveri Prince Aly Raisman won the silver.
We see the top of the species, but the situation does not seem to be in this voimistelusaleissa in different parts of the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie chose to take all the same path, as Prince Aly and olympiajoukkueen in Madison, Wisconsin.
They are the "Final Five" (for the past five), because the next Olympics voimistelujoukkueessa will be one of only four voimistelijaa Karolyin Marta, and this is the last year of the coach.
The reality, however, is that the Gymnastics is an expensive species, and, as a rule, and junior voimistelijat private voimisteluklubeissa which maintain the parents, who are paying for coaching, facilities, trips, univormut, kilpailumaksut, hotellimaksut voimistelijoilleen valmentajille (and their families), and the list goes on.
A large proportion of these voimisteluklubeista are located in more affluent esikaupunkinaapurustoalueilla, who will be able to support the species.
These clubs voimistelijat will receive all valmennuksensa and this is an expensive and long-term commitment voimistelijoiden families.
Aimee Boorman, Simone Bilesin the coach, and the coach Maggie Haney, Laurie Hernandez, are both nurtured urheilijoitaan since they began their voimistelun.
We will bring more affordable and accessible voimisteluvalmennusta who live in the communities where Simonen, Gabbyn and Laurien innostamat many young girls.
During the voimistelusäätiöni 20 years ago.
Järjestöissäni we have offered to express and cheap voimistelua Harlemissa more than 15 000 kaupunkilaisnuorelle (mainly black and latinoille) and we have nurtured the national and international champions.
In September, we extend to Detroit (my hometown) in order to provide a high level of voimistelua young people, who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this significant olympialaislajista.
Voimistelijat develop body strength, flexibility and coordination, as well as in the minds of the hard work, discipline and determination.
This combination offers facing lifelong benefits in good health, as well as the school and työmenestykselle.
This team will be the inspiration for thousands of young girls start voimistelun and it is fantastic.
Sport participation is so important, especially for girls.
We are living in an exciting time.
Thank you, Simone, Prince Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, Wisconsin, for the fact that you have a serious "tyttövoimaa" by overcoming the Olympic joukkuekullan, motivoitte and the fact that so many young people from different backgrounds, the girls start on the path to a healthy, strong and successful young naiseutta.
Lääkäriharjoittelijat new strikes organised by rejecting a proposal by Jeremy Huntin
Ministers had hoped that the dispute by agreeing to the changes that need to be improved to come to an agreement with the British Medical Association union officials, but 58% of the vote, the agencies involved 37 000 lääkäriharjoittelijasta rejected it.
In July, Hunt revealed plans for a constraint on the agreement, saying that the NHS was "unknown territory," and that even small further delays to the detriment of the staff and patients.
The first junior doctors will be transferred to the new agreement, which includes changes to yölliseen and weekend working methods in order to improve the treatment of the difficult hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA's junior doctors committee, said last night: '' opinion Lääkäriharjoittelijoilla still has serious concerns about the proposed agreement, especially in light of the fact that it will accelerate the existing työvoimakriisiä and that it does not treat all the doctors in a balanced way. "
When the time before the first group of doctors will be transferred to the new agreement, there are only eight weeks, progress must be made, and time is running out.
BMA's attempts to resolve the dispute through negotiations have encountered on the part of the government's unwillingness to participate in and, at times, the most profound silence.
This, despite the fact that Jeremy Huntin promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Huntin should act now to remove the pressures and to take into account the concerns of junior doctors.
If he fails to do so, the junior doctors are willing to continue Työtaistelutoimia.
The latest strike at the end of April meant almost 13 000 rutiinileikkauksen and 100 000 vastaanottoajan a moratorium, when the nurses and consult with doctors värvättiin lakkovartiossa to act as cover for the doctors.
Ministers had hoped that the dispute by agreeing to the changes to the improved to come to an agreement with the British Medical Association union officials.
BMA wants better viikonloppupalkkaa under the Treaty of the 54 000 lääkäriharjoittelijalla.
Daniel Mortimer, director of the NHS Employers -työnantajajärjestön appealed to doctors, so that they do not go on strike.
Mortimer said: “Työtaisteluilla there will be very little or nothing, but they will put pressure on the already difficult situation for the teams and services, as well as a cause for concern, the distress and disruption to patients, huolenpitäjille and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been discussing the Junior Doctors Committee, together with the committee and the Ministry of Health and with others, have responded positively to their concerns regarding the role of control (the Guardian Role) and whistleblowing (Whistleblowing).
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive debate on other important issues - such as the development of education and training, flexibility, sapattivapaalta returning of in-service training, education expenses, the curriculum, the mutual recognition of opintovapaasta as well as the gender pay gap in medicine - is a sign of how seriously the employers, Health Education England -koulutusjärjestö and the Ministry of Health in November, February and May with the BMA's respect for the agreements achieved.
Two pounds a day cost the medicine can reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of sydänkohtauspotilaat are the main two pounds a day bought medicine, after the authorities recommended that it should be given to people for longer.
Blood hyytymistä blocking the medicine, ticagrelor, to reduce the risk of renewable scenes of people with heart conditions.
Lääkettä already provides for 12 months after a heart attack, stroke or another in order to ensure that the risk of a fall.
NHS watchdog Nice has advised that it should be given to people for four years, still in order to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now, the NHS watchdog Nice has advised that it should be given to people for four years, still in order to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
About 140 000 people will have a heart attack each year in England, and a quarter of these should not be allowed a second or a stroke.
Sydänkohtaukset and stroke as a result of the dividend valtimon on a wall of the fat content, which constitutes a ahtaumia.
If ahtauma expenses -, it can cause verihyytymän, which prevents the exercise the heart, causing a heart attack.
If hyytymä deposit, it can go in and cut off the blood, to exercise the brain, causing the stroke.
The individuals who have already received one, has increased the risk of getting a second.
Ticagrelor, which manufactures isobritannialainen company AstraZeneca, and which are sold kauppanimellä Brilique, to reduce this risk by making hyytymistä less likely.
Today's Nice's ohjeistusluonnoksessa recommends that people are given 90 mg ticagreloria for 12 months, which will be followed by aspiriinin solely with 60 mg twice a day for the next two years.
Professor Carole Longson, Nice health technology's arviointikeskuksen director, said: "Despite the progress of the availability of effective preventive treatments, even a quarter of the people who get infected with a heart attack later in the second to have a heart attack or stroke, the effects of which are often devastating."
Uusiutumisen fear can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Todistusaineisto shows that ticagrelor, together with the subsequent aspiriinin is an effective means to reduce the risk of heart attack and strokes for people who have already had the collapse.
Suositellessamme tentatively ticagreloria we are pleased to be able to increase the number of available treatment options for many thousands of them possibly hyötyville people.
Because ticagrelorin efficacy and safety data - especially when it comes to the verenvuodon risk - more than three years with regard to have limited ohjeistusluonnoksessa does not recommend the treatment for longer, than at the end of this period of time.
The culture of political correctness that allows the electoral muslimialueilla to thrive
Tower Hamletsin the former mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from his post last year as a result of the corruption of the government, giving impetus to the report.
The culture of political correctness has led to widespread äänestyspetos in the Muslim community that has been ignored, will be unveiled today in a terrible government report.
The former government minister Sir Eric Pickles sättii vaalivalvojia police, city councils, and the fact that they have ignored the evidence of electoral fraud "on the basis of race and religion" as a result of the over-sensitive.
Former Secretary of Community, the current korruptionvastaisuuden Emperor, said that the intimidation of voters on religious grounds is so serious that the police should be allowed the opportunity to set the vartioketjuja pelästyneiden in order to protect voters outside polling stations.
He recommends that voters should be present voting ID to prove who they are.
Today, voters will have only to say his name and address.
It even suggests that the vote should be a person's sormeen häviämätöntä ink, so that no one will be able to vote twice.
Ilmiantajia should be better protected, Sir Eric says.
He is calling for greater access to the documents presented to the Board of Governors and the decisions that the informal committees or the team have done.
"This will not only protect vaalivilpiltä but that it would protect local government corruption and financial fraud from the wider culture, which goes hand in hand with the electoral fraud," he said.
The government commissioned a report on the Tower Itä Lontoolaisen Hamletsin äänestysskandaalin as a result.
Last year erityisvaalituomioistuin decided that the incumbent mayor, Lutfur Rahman, will be removed from office on charges of corruption and illegal activities as a result.
The court said the "cynical" Rahmanin vääristelleen muslimiyhteisönsä hiljentäneen critics of religious feelings, as well as accusations of racism and islaminpelosta.
"Rahmanin is said to have led to his electoral campaign on the basis that it was the religious Muslim religious duty to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes were questionable, or the result of the fact that the person to vote for esiintyen one in the second.
Sir Eric said that the evidence of cheating is found in the whole of the country.
He made a specific cause of air pollution electoral vote by mail, where high-ranking members of the Muslim community who were told people to vote for the candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, the picture, made a number of recommendations, including the cleaning voting system involved in proving the identity of the henkilötodistuksella
He's report says: "Todistusaineistoa was the fact that some of the more vulnerable members of ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, were put under pressure to vote according to the will of the oldest, particularly in the communities where there is a Pakistani bangladeshilainen or in the background.
"There were concerns about the fact that... the state institutions were disregarded this kind of behaviour 'politically correct' on the basis of race and religion, as a result of the over-sensitive."
Sir Eric presented the 50 proposals for cleaning up the system, including its ban on political activists, that would be dealt with by mail from the ballot papers, so that "a majority of the collection" is brought to an end.
The report, which examines the Theresa May, is also calling for tougher rekisteröinneille amendments, in order to prevent the use of the completed an electoral register of immigration and korvauspetoksiin.
Tarkastele alternatives to the identity of the electorate todistamiselle before voting on it.
Apply häviämätöntä ink to vote on a person's sormeen, so that no one will be able to vote twice.
The systematic Suorita kansallisuustarkistuksia varmistaaksesi that they are entitled to vote.
Aseta a three year limit to the requests of the automatic transmission via postal vote.
Estä political activists from being ready for that have come through the postal votes and kirjekuoria where the votes will be sent.
Anna police vartioketjuja set around the polling stations.
There is no other law, so that it is easier to blame people for the intimidation of the Representation of the People Act 1983, on the basis of the law.
Tee photography of polling stations illegal.
Vaadi that the polling stations will be used only in English (except in Wales).
Vahvista varmistaaksesi training for staff to stick to the rule, according to which voters will go to the koppiin alone.
Sir Eric teilaa Greater London's police force, saying that it is "astonishing" that none of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets after being accused of an offence brought -tapauksen.
"Vaalituomioistuin jääväsi Lutfur Rahmanin and his people, as a result of a series of corruption and illegal activities," he said.
He was found guilty on the basis of a number of criteria, without a doubt, according to the criminal näyttökynnyksen.
He also criticises the ineffective "tick the box checks" äänestysrekisteröintivirastoissa municipal councils.
Sir Eric said: "Last year London Borough of Tower Hamlets -tuomio was a wake-up call.
Kansakunnallamme is a very proud legacy of the source of parliaments, but this is a cause for concern and secretive electoral fraud, as well as a ban on the spread of certain groups of facts is threatening this good reputation. "
Katen Hulluna pyöräilijäkaksoisolentoon ilmetyt julkkisten and other images of the Rio Olympics
This week, fans of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games have been confused by the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand Prevot '28,662, which has proven to be Cambridge Herttuattaren an impressive Doppelgänger.
But the 24-year-old olympiaedustaja is certainly not the only gold this summer, a sportsman or woman, who can talk up their own with the famous kaksoisolennollaan - at least, according to social media.
So the Rio Games and all the famous ruuduillamme at the moment, in the face of the list is a credit to FEMAIL koostanut olympiaurheilijoista, which appear to be clearly julkkiksilta Hollywood.
Hunter and the wolf: members of the United States men's jousiammuntajoukkueen Ellisonia Brady, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprioon since she was a child
Pyöräilyradalta Katen kaksoisolennon there, in addition to the many people online have been quick to point out how a certain jousiampuja could be the star Leonardo DiCaprion twin.
United States men jousiammuntajoukkueen Mr Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter, after it rose to the surface of his kuviaan where he appears to be the same as the awfulness of The Wolf of Wall Street star.
And, in fact, on becoming aware of the social media passion with jousiampuja admitted that he has heard from the child is leading Leolta.
"Personally, I do not see a great yhdennäköisyyttä except, perhaps, in terms of the beard," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He is the type of hyvännäköinen, so of course, this is a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London dating back to 2012 will certainly raise this year, too: a startling Yhdennäköisyys British pituushyppääjä Greg Rutherfordin and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Venäläinen voimistelija Mustafinan ilmeikkäine silmineen, with Alya, is said to be the American singer Gloria kuubalais Estefanin kaksoisolennon.
And in a South African swimmer Cameron van der Burghia has for years been compared with the Glee star Matthew Morrisoniin.
Isompaa gear in the face: This user believes that Nathan is the Inception actor "sporting version of"
The second long-term comparison has been a tennis champion Rafael Nadalin and actor Josh Hartnettin, both of which have the same strong Eyebrow Lip and.
Russia's Yulia hopeamitalistiuimari Efimovalla is more of the same actress Annalynne McCordin than with tanned skin and to white hair, while the United States team Nathan Adrian to remind fans, "Joseph Gordon Levittin urheilullista version."
Among women: Jalkapallotähti Hope Solo, on the left, and Dexter-actress Jennifer Carpenter, on the right, share the same kasvonmuodon and eyes
It is the only: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Presentation: In theory, according to the user, between the two can be the reason for the couple
One Twitter user recently expressed its website onnellisuutensa the fact that "everyone else on the Internet, people think that the Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are, in fact, identical."
And in the US jalkapallotähdellä and Dexter's näyttelijättärellä is indeed an incredibly similar kasvonmuoto and eyes.
Other popular comparison has been part of the Kerri Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to the actress Laura Linneyn with a smile, as well as the kultamitalin won voimistelija Gabby Douglas, whose own, a beautiful wide smile tally Bring It is -tähti Gabrielle Union cream.
CBC olympiakommentaattori to make an apology, said that the Chinese uimarin "dead than pig."
Byron MacDonaldin analysis of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhanin rather than a quarter of women's 4x200 metre vapaauinnin infuriated the message on Wednesday, the CBC's direct olympialähetyksen viewers.
Kanadalaisen television network CBC has had to apologise after one of its selostajista said during the course of the contest with a 14-year-old Chinese naisuimarin "has disappeared as the bad smell" and "dead as a pig."
Sports commentator Byron Macdonald believed that shall switch off his microphone was switched off when he began to share some of their own opinions on women's 4x200 metre vapaauinnin viestifinaalissa.
MacDonaldin, which became a member of the CBC selostajatiimiin to bring the "colour", was heard to say: "That pikkuinen a 14-year-old möhläsi China, Baby.
Too keen, lost as a bad smell, died as the pig.
Thank you for that. "
Kiinalaisuimari Ai Yanhan, 14, of the second tranche of the ui message at the time of 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor Ruck, which gave an opportunity for Canada to China.
Katsojat across Canada reacted quickly to the online järkytyttyään of the language and its tone.
Emmett Macfarlane twiittasi: "That is - did they put on the eve of the CBC, that China a 14-year-old swimmer ’ died as the pig ’???
The Idiot not realising that he was still live on screen. "
China's Ai Yanhania vapaauinnin described women's 4 x 200 metre viestifinaalissa as follows: "That pikkuinen a 14-year-old möhläsi China, Baby."
Criticism against Byron MacDonaldia sankkaa and on Twitter was swift, with many haastaessa him.
Twitter users have not stopped themselves to hear how reckless Byron Macdonald was.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: “Wau ByronMacDonald #.
Edustat CBC, the EU and Canada, and you get all of us sound rasistiporukalta. # disgusting. "
Shortly after that, Scott Russell, which award CBC broadcast live on screen, asked to apologise MacDonaldin comments on the words: "We regret that the comment uintisuorituksesta was representative.
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry that this has happened. "
CBC came to apologise to more than 90 times from people who were twiitanneet in response to the comments.
Selostajakollega Scott Russelin had to apologise on behalf of the MacDonaldin.
Since then, CBC copy and included an apology over 90 Twitter user, who had complained about MacDonaldin comments.
TV, the company also asked quickly apologised and issued a statement.
We profoundly regret that these statements were made, and that they were broadcast live.
We started last night and asked for quick action live on screen to apologise katsojiltamme seuraajiltamme, as well as on social media.
For the sake of clarity, I must say that the comments were Byronin uimarin performance, not him as a person.
But it, however, was inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words, and Byron is very sorry said.
On Thursday afternoon, Macdonald apologised for live on screen and tried to define the reply by saying that he did not intend it to be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to ask this overnight to apologise for comments that I made last night after a message to women," he told CBC olympialähetyksessä.
"I was referring to the uimarin performance, I am of him as a person."
"Needless to say, that I did not intend it to be epäkunnioittavana and that I am truly sorry."
Primarkin customer dismayed by the woman who brazenly sovitti alusvaatteita in the middle of the trade
Customers do not know where to look, when a woman in the middle of the movement to begin experimenting with riisuutui Primarkin alushousuja.
Matters are not helped by the fact that, after an assessment of how he looked housuissa them out of their shell, the woman and put back on the shelf.
He went on to circumvent sovitti and, at the end of the four alushousuparia trade, which was located Bouverie Placen ostoskeskuksessa Folkestonessa.
Movement Bouverie Primarkin Placen ostoskeskuksessa Folkestonessa sovitti alushousuja, where a woman and then put them back on the shelf
At the same time, trade was a mother of two children Jenny Davidson said that the mysterious woman "kokeiltuaan alusvaatteita pukeutui again and walked away from buying anything."
He said: "People do not believe their eyes."
A woman stood in the middle of the trading floor, took a couple who were on the table, and their own alushousuja riisui sukkahousunsa alusvaatteensa and put the foot solved.
"He does not even tried to find an outermost seats in conciliation, he just stood there häpeämättömänä."
"All tuijottivat when he again riisui Panties, clearly, rather than have them because it put them back on the shelf."
He did the same for another three in the case of the couple before finally decided that does not have any what she saw, pukeutui once and walked out.
"He did not appear to care about who watched the - or thought about people who end up buying Panties, which he sovitti."
33-year-old, who lives in the town of Kent Davidson said: "It is disgusting to think that someone will take home Panties, that someone else has tried, but which have not been cleaned."
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I understand that the staff vaatekappaleet apparently tried to remove the woman had departed from the sale, which is all well and good."
"It would be terrible to go home with the new alushousujen and see that the second woman is put on them and dismantled its impose on them, and they have not been washed away."
Primarkin spokesman said: 'Primark is aware of the incident, which happened Folkestonen on the move on Tuesday, August 9.
All of these products have been removed from sale. "
So you can defend itself against attacks by using the Krav Magaa aseellisilta
The world is a dangerous, but this Dailymail.comin Video can make it a little bit safer for you.
We talked about living in New York in the Krav Maga Federation, as with the Rhon Mizrachin to see how to deal with looters plundering pyssyä heiluttelevia lähietäisyydellä.
Lähestyttiin you then, or guarantees, this video to show how you can pay for the aggressor in the same coin.
According to the Mizrachin, if you will, is the first to go to, so that, in fact, the hyökkääjäsi and "raivaat tulilinjan."
Since then nappaat kyynärvarren weapon - and, in between, before lyöt free kyynärpäälläsi slap in the face of the aggressor.
Please carry on striking polvella nivusiin and, when an attacker goes to the pain kippuraan, aggravating a weapon in his hands, beating him in the face and will not shy away from / weapon, a weapon with him.
If the armed person is approaching, the technology is the same: remove the kehosi tulilinjalta, stole the weapon and turn it around so that the criminal is not able to defuse.
Laita aseelle and, at the same time, the weight of the aggressor, then hit this aggravating a weapon in his otteestaan, back down and show him with a gun.
Sounds difficult?
See on the video Mizrachi, how, exactly, does this.
But on the other, that if you're not as Krav Magan, the safest way out is to abandon the ryöstötilanteesta rahoistasi.
If you are a tourist Ian Wright nuoleskelee the dirtiest places for matkaopasta
Brittimatkailija is set for a serious challenge to the immuunijärjestelmällensä and oksennusrefleksillensä nuolemalla likaisimmista yököttävimmistä and some of the seats.
Suffolkista from the presenter and matkakirjoittaja Ian Wright, 51, of euro banknotes, Piccadilly nuolaisi kaidetta Circuksessa vessan huuhtelupainiketta, the train, as well as the Russian public telephones to prove immune system strength.
Before each site fotometriä nuolaisemista he used as an opportunity to show themselves and to us the situation, to which he was going to occur.
The experiment, which was turned into a film called The internal force on the track, however, produced surprising results.
The idea of a train used by thousands of people huuhtelupainikkeen nuolaisemisesta may seem entirely of revolt, but, in fact, the kitchen lavuaarissa is more bad bacteria.
On its way through Europe, Wright spoke about the constant doctors and medical professionals suolistobakteerien and his own health.
Fortunately, none of his nuolemansa has left him with the rest of a bad taste in the mouth.
Wrightista suolistonsa testaajana the sustainability of became known for her to travel around the world and eating strange and wondrous things.
This kaiteista railway stations in the public toilet seat huuhtelupainikkeeseen arm to be truly tested his immuunijärjestelmäänsä.
The film, he said: '' Lapsesta since, I have been relatively free from worries about their health, and I put in my mouth, worms and all sorts of things mullasta kuraisesta from the water. "
He really has confirmed its reputation during the course of the film.
The only thing, which he refused to do, was saastainen the Russian public rest.
His näytteessään fotometrissä was more than 4000 unit, the figure.
By way of comparison, the mileage vastapestyjen hands should be less than 60.
But in one of the Russian public käymälässä he refused nuolaisemaan when fotometrin seemed to be the result of more than 4000 units, and the result is less than 60 vastapestyjen hands.
Wright has produced the film, the internal strength of the tourist track, together with the Finnish Meijer, Valion. The film bakteerimäärä seems to be in different places, such as kylpyhuoneessa.
The film carbon monoxide, said: "This is almost the worst thing that I am haistanut the rest."
There is nothing in the dirtier!
I am not going to count our chickens anything, because here is yököttävää.
The internal strength track was produced by the Finnish Valion, Meijer, together with the.
The company offered Wrightille Valio Gefilusta, which includes maitohappobakteereja as well as vitamins C and D, which will help to improve people ’ s suolistobakteereja and the immune system.
Valion snacks, and the leader of the new categories to Niko Vuorenmaa said: "We wanted to really give consumers something new.
Something that would be fascinating to watch, and at the same time, which would explain probioottien interests.
Heittelimme the air a lot of crazy ideas, and we came up with the idea of the 'tavallista soitetaanpa Ianille'. "
They claim that the interest in the health of suoliston is becoming a global phenomenon.
But instead of just talking about products, we wanted to give them greater context: to tell the everyday environment of good and bad bacteria, the importance of suolistoterveyden and the link with the immune system.
The growing interest in the health of suoliston is a global phenomenon, and this made a documentary film can help us in an interesting way to tell more about it to consumers.
I think that the documentary also shows that we have a wonderful sense of humour!
Dokumentin director Tom Hakala, added: "Whatever might be said about it now, even though it this way: If Ian had licked off some of the things that I asked him, as in the film has given its yököttävää Russian toilet, I would have lost my respect for him."
Understandably, part of the nuoltavista things were easier Ianille, while part of it was quite difficult.
I am glad that we got some of those dirty nuolaisuista stores. "
Valion in 2015 by 84% of the survey respondents were united by maitohappobakteerit precisely in the stomach and welfare, and 58% said that they would, at the very least, between the use of the products, which have been added to the maitohappobakteereita.
Öykkäriperhe destroyed vuokratalon Saltashissa Cornwall, prior to evict them
Öykkäriperhe vuokratalolleen was caused by the £50,000 after they were evicted due to terrorise their neighbours.
Ms Keldon and his partner Shaun Trebilcock has been thrown out of the Cornwall Saltashissa from buildings, after they had been the subject of a number of times.
When they had been removed from the buildings asuntoyhtiön shocked by force, officials have said the property was in poor condition.
Seiniin had been made to the gaping holes lattialaudat had been knocked, waste were scattered on the floor and the walls were tuhrittu graffiteilla.
The family has now changed, and they believed to be living in a yksityismajoituksessa.
Conna McEvoy, Cornwall Housing fastener isännöitsijä, said that he is not afraid of a property that can be repaired.
He said: "This has been a nightmare for the residents, and I think that people should have to live in this way.
There are a lot of issues to be considered, because this property is likely to be known as Cornwall less pleasant through the groups.
This family is the notorious, and their name is notorious. "
Pariskunnalla had three sons, who lived between kiinteistössä, and the family had to involve the police, according to the reign of terror katutappelua pesäpallomailoilla, nearby residents to intimidation, drug use, drug sales, as well as a compulsive shouting, fights and kiroilua.
47 year old Skeldon, whose name was vuokrasopimuksessa, received the decision in June of antisocial behaviour.
Many of the dismantling of the house under the threat of huoneista were found in an old waste.
Kiinteistön, which has in the past been conveyed to the drugs, lattialaudat had been up.
Neighbours said that the family was seen tappelemassa in the street, and that the police were there on a regular basis.
Cornwall Housing evicted by force of this woman and her partner's buildings, this week, giving them the extended period, 11 weeks, the time to change on a voluntary basis.
Helpottuneet thanked neighbours to evict them, saying that their elämistään had become hell.
One said: "They do not bother anyone."
In their neighbours, for 20 years, and the situation has always been bad.
We have seen the police here in an incredibly many times.
"This morning we have had a dream.
Nousimme, because it was so quiet - we are not used to it!
It is a wonderful, now that they are finally out. "
Cornwall Housingin neighbourhood toimeenpanojohtaja Adam Fitzpatrick, said that the family is not done in cooperation with the local authorities.
The family has lived in the house for 20 years, and the police were called kiinteistölle often
Roskia and the old toys has been thrown down vuokratalon villiintyneelle seinustalle.
He added: "It is a pity that a resident did not take any responsibility for their own and their family, because of the behaviour of eviction is always the last to Cornwall Housingin being considered by the procedure.
This was a very difficult case, it was the behaviour of the extreme, and their actions will certainly kauhistuttivat neighbours.
I appreciate all of my teams, of Devon and Cornwall police, as well as the brave, gave us the information about the work carried out by members of the community.
I hope that this development will bring some comfort to our neighbours and to send a message that the antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that the three boys all lived in kiinteistössä at different times, but they were all kaksissakymmenissä.
After Häädön s left dirty mattress on the floor of one of the
Asuntoyhtiön employees must now clean up the house surrounded by jätepinot
In 2014, the Spanish police made the raid and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as negatives ’ an, equipment, as well as to 700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon received fines has given their guilt b-class of drug possession intention to distribute it forward.
He claimed that the money was intended for his son Lee Skeldonin for graves. This died in a car accident in 2013.
Apparently, Ms and his partner left homeless after being caught yksityismajoituksessa According to live in the now.
For many of the walls of the rooms of the house was tuherrettu graffiteja.
The police say that they are trying to evict the residents vuokrasopimuksensa who flout the rules.
Angela Crow Devon and Cornwall police, said that the eviction was a clear warning to other tenants, who continue to flout the rules of marketing.
"This is a message to those who think that their behaviour is without sanctions, as well as for those who are suffering from the kind of behaviour," he said.
Devon and Cornwall police are never going to tolerate criminal and antisocial behaviour, the police will continue to work with its partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal, outraged when it flew at a low altitude rode hipovan sotilassuihkukone
Auringonpalvojaturistit In the Portuguese city of shock felt their lives
The Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion -lentokone swept over really matalalta
The Air Force has said that it was harjoittelulento and claimed that security has been compromised
It is, at the moment, The terrified tourists began to panic when the low altitude flown suihkukone swept over the sides of the Mediterranean.
Dramaattisessa nauhoituksessa is reflected in how the military plane came almost kosketusetäisyydelle northern Portuguese city of hiekkakaistaleella the auringonpalvojista.
Lomailijat rose to their feet when they began to worry that the jets "understandably metelistä even if they do not start nähneetkään, which ensures that the cloud was coming towards them.
The incident happened in Aveiro, which is situated close to the Costa Novassa yesterday afternoon.
One of the many holidaymakers, cross the dramatic ohilennosta who published videos on social media, was Daniel Fernandes, who said: "It went over twice in a really low, and one point, it seemed that it would be plunging the country."
Nuno Arroja, added: "I was surffaamassa and just really felt as if the plane would have been losing out in their last."
Turistit on the beach city were horrified when the plane came out of the darkness and flew to an incredibly low
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the P-3C Orion -koneen pilot was harjoituslennolla, the purpose of which was to identify the genuinely close to the coast, and the plane was supposed to land so low because of the fact that it was the only way to check the boats.
He said that the suihkukone was flown considerably lower than usual nearby fires caused by the smoke because of poor visibility, but the Air Force confirmed that anyone's safety was not compromised.
Fires have destroyed parts of this summer in mainland Portugal, which, in addition to those on the island of Madeira has resulted in the deaths of four people.
The Portuguese Air Force, said today that the pilot had to fly low visibility caused by the fires that have influenced the conditions, a thick fog, smoke, as well as for the sake of
The plane was harjoituslennolla and, as part of the exercise, the pilot was asked to identify that genuinely
Eksoten the result of better than expected in the first half of the year
The South Karelia Social and terveyspiiri (Eksote) did in January - June 3.4 million euros for a better result than planned.
Eksoten was the result of a surplus of €4.3 million in the first half of the year.
The result was a particularly good family and social services, where the preventive services through the development has been able to dismantle institutional care.
Hoitotakuu was in all of the activities.
Eksote this year is seeking to reduce toimenpidejonoja.
Eksote to cover the balance of the deficit in the past.
For more than 9,000 accounts for perhaps shortening queues and the measures will be used for the purchase of patients.
Throughout the year, the result is expected to reach EUR 4.6 million better than planned.
Eksoten the government deals with puolivuotiskatsausta at its meeting next Wednesday.
70 erikoisrajajääkäriä sotilasvalan Immolassa swore
Border and pledging merivartiokoulun 70 varusmiestä sotilasvalan on Friday.
Neither servicemen and merivartiokoulun sotilasvalatilaisuus Immolassa took place on Friday.
Took place on the 10th erikoisrajajääkärikurssin valatilaisuus varuskunnan urheilukentällä.
Sotilasvalan vowed to 70 varusmiestä.
Erikoisrajajääkärit rajaturvallisuus- demanding training, intelligence and taistelutehtäviin.
They serve the 347 days.
This year erikoisrajajääkäriksi applied for 310 young people.
Valintakokeisiin of them were invited to 250.
Erikoisrajajääkäreitä have been trained Immolassa since 2007.
In the context of the Valatilaisuuden the veteraanitapaamisessa was involved in five years rajajoukkojen of the war veterans.
The average age of those involved is now 90 years.
The oldest opportunity contributed to the veterans were born in 1918.
The amount of the above - Piirun rosvoa rikostiedustelu to help solving crimes and reveals serious crime - ESS.fi
Each of the Finnish police systems which operate in the 11 years since the beginning of 2014, has worked for further information and criminal intelligence RTA-, in other words, the think-tank.
The unit is invisible to the outside world.
Hämeen within the police service is part of a total of four policemen in Lahti and Hämenenlinna.
It to invested in Lahti ylikonstaapeli.
Päällystöesimiehenä acting Inspector in Lahti.
In addition, the strength of the unit is part of the IT vihkiytynyt a civilian Hämenenlinna.
All the work siviiliasussa.
The service has proved its usefulness and its worth, considers the deputy chief constable in Tero Seppänen.
RTA Unit to produce a range of explanations for the rest of the police.
Hämeessä it is, among other things, acquired information on asylum seekers.
The most recent reform of the working
The establishment of Analyysiyksiköiden is the latest addition to the reform of the police.
The aim has been to prevent crimes, namely, that the police would become less of a carbon here only when it will not be able to raise the alarm.
The analysoiman and, with the help of the information gathered from day to day policing will be directed to where it is most needed.
Poliisihallinnon reform in the country was founded, its rikostiedustelukeskus one of the less than three nationwide service and each of the police service's own rikostiedusteluyksikkönsä.
PTR keskusrikospoliisin Vantaa, Finland, in the context of the activities of the centre will lead to a nationwide.
PTR departments are working in accordance with the name of the people, Exemption Poliisista and Rajavartiolaitokselta.
RTA-services, in turn, are allocated according to police stations in the regions, and their role is to provide information, as well as the local police forces that valtakunnallisille services.
Intelligence extends beyond their own outside the region
Where an individual police have informed about what his 12-hour during their shift has occurred, the RTA's task is to know what is going to happen in the whole of the police in the region.
Intelligence also extends beyond the borders of their own institution, because it makes the objected.
RTA-Service personnel peruspoliisia is a better computer skills.
The unit is seeking records hälytystehtävätietokannan and, with the help of the findings to draw the attention of the police to new phenomena, tuotteliaisiin muistuttaviin criminal or other crimes.
This is called sarjoittamiseksi, and it is one of the most important rikostiedustelun tools.
Everyone has their own way of doing things.
Kädenjälki is also reflected in the work, whether it is fair or a criminal.
Tekotavan on the basis of factors is made up of a certain image.
Sarjoittamista can be done either tekotavan or on the basis of a person, depending on which one is more information to the police.
Criminals will learn from their mistakes
RTA-Service workers do not go into town Brachyscome afloat, but their work is not entirely julkistakaan.
In their own than the methods used by the criminals are not being told, because it could lead to the fact that ammattirikolliset to develop their activities and to make an effort to prevent the police rikostorjuntayritykset.
There was police officer says publicly, if it anticipates the to pose a threat.
Such was the case in the early summer, for example, has been in the news asuntomurroissa in the empty house merkitsemistapa.
It factors threw the door of the flat stick, nuppineulan or teipinpalan which they kokeilivat whether people really distances.
Esitutkintamateriaali is the public, at least to those involved.
Analyysiyksikkö has found that ammattimaisimmat criminals will learn from the mistakes he made.
Nokkelimmat court will order the Protocol, which can, for example, reveal that the seat has been found fingerprints.
The next time varkaisiin hanskat based at the end.
Juttua has interviewed for the deputy chief constable in Tero Mr Seppänen Hämeen from the police, Inspector Tuomo Lepolaa Eastern Finland cops, rikoskomisario Sami Joutjärveä Joensuu poliisiasemalta and rikostarkastaja Arto Tuomelaa keskusrikospoliisista.
The police will collect and analyse the information, which is planned to be practical action.
Behind the workforce and funding for the decline in the numbers.
The first steps towards a new modus operandi was already 30 years ago.
The latest change was a three-pronged Drill-reform, which ended in 2013 by the end of the year.
Valtakunnallisella cooperation will be collected information on their own plant and the Finnish border from the outside.
Isisiin koulutyttö joined the London have been killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of the three brittikoulutytöstä, who left last year to join London Isisiin, is rumoured to have died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that the girl was heard by the family of the dead Syrian Raqqassa a few weeks ago.
ITV News reporting on Thursday that the girl was believed to have died of the Russian ilmaiskussa Raqqaan, which is the base of the organization in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to his family, he died just when they are planning a departure from the war-torn country and return to Britain.
"One can only hope that, in this case, the only advantage is that it can act hautakivenä testamenttina and others, that the war in the region, those are real risks - that it would be able to get people to give up on the conclusion of such a decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other itälontoolaista koulutyttöä used to fly to Turkey, where they went to take a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanan the family were told that the girl had gone to Syria to get married with the Isis fighters, and that he became a widow after only a few months.
Reid says Clinton Garlandin to the Supreme Court as a candidate, if he is elected
The Senate demokraattijohtaja Harry Reid says that he is convinced that the Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will appoint Supreme Court Judge Merrick Garlandin if he is elected president.
Republicans in the Senate have prevented Garlandin confirmation since President Barack Obama appointed him in March.
The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell says that the next president will be chosen by the people of the late Supreme Court Mr Anton-Babinski Scalian Tönis.
Reid said on Thursday puhelinneuvottelussa that he predicts success "with certainty" to elect Clinton Garlandin.
Reidin representative said later that he had not spoken directly to Clinton about nimittäisikö he Garlandin, and that it was the Speculation.
He praised Garlandia and said that the Clinton team does not want to "keikuttaa the boat" with a new selection.
Garland is the US claims päätuomari District of Columbia tuomiopiirissä.
Reid said that Republicans are blocking Garlandin known as the Republican presidential candidate Donald Trumpin "stooges" and "enablers".
He said, however, that Trump is not fit for office.
Treats, says that alastonkalenteri is "for women as well as men."
Treats-magazine is cooperating with the photographer David Bellemeren to publish in the 1970s Pirellin inspiroiman calendar year 2017.
But instead of naked squeezed out, they are going to find the next huippumallisukupolven 2017 Nude -kalenteriinsa Muses.
Treatsin President Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his wealth of alastonkuvia a lehtensä differs from the old-school Playboysta because the "Playboy is for men."
I am doing this for women.
Apparently, he thinks that kalenterikin is one of them.
"We need to start again to present to the timeless and classic alastomuutta where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspiroituneiksi naiskehoa as a result of these naked images," Shaw said in a press release in which the calendar was published.
Women want to be part of this project, because it is a beautiful art.
Models will be able to leave the images online or in person at the open valintapahtumissa in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyylin destination: Who is going to buy a DVD?
Yksinäiset, middle aged men love vinyyleitä. "
Before ryntäät ärtyneillä kommenttiosion to meet the violation, which is co-nimimerkki EiKaikkiYksinäisetKeski ikäisetMiehet, you see that this claim is based on real data.
According to YouGovin the much talked about the emergence of a new discs is not due to the fact that an increasing number of people born this millennium enthused by the physical objects, but the average age of uutuudenviehätyksestä kaihosta.
Apparently, those who have bought vinyylilevyn in the near future, are the most likely to 45 to 54 years old.
In fact, all of the likely to buy a DVD of 18 to 24 year age group belong.
It is not just the players, but it includes keräilystä tunnemerkitystä: Parents vinyylien buyers are slightly more likely to evoke feelings (56% vs. 53%), and enjoy the feeling of abandonment (69% vs. 66%).
But YouGovin whether or not the results of the true?
If this blog would be followed by a camera in front of the television news reports but, for me, when I travel in the middle of a busy street, Sohossa there with my modest grey suits. Viittoilisin a lively discussion before pysähtyisin, muodostaisin a cup to go away and I would say something about an authoritative, such as: "Tutkitaanpa the issue in more detail."
Tutkitaanpa in more detail.
At the same time, when the Sohon charm to remove dirt and slowly - hotels, ketjuravintolat and -kaupat and toimistotarvikeliikkeet now meet the buildings, which in the past was the movements of the self - a handful of fantastic specialised levykauppoja is still remaining.
For the next section for the camera, I would probably put an end to describe the moment when I stand very close to a variety of men in some of these deals in trying to assess their age havainnoimalla and tunnetemperamenttiaan.
Glasgowlainen Stuart, 55, of which I am watching Sister Raysta (laskuri: Two young women, three of the middle-aged between men) Reckless Recordsiin (laskuri: Eight middle-aged between men, one woman, probably kaksissakymmenissä), celebrates iltapäiväänsä in London as a result of the meeting, and fudges kuluttaakseen shops in a few hours.
I ask whether he Collector. "
"Kai, I am," he says.
I have around 3000 or 4000 record.
These products, which are reflected in the image above (he sent a sample of the email, I followed him home), cover the walls of his olohuoneensa.
The reason for such a huge flat rolled products and the acquisition of singlemäärän is partly the result of her disposable income: Now, he or she will be able to buy the DVD, which he was not in the room when they originally was published, and he will be able to buy them again, which he sold when they are young and rahaton.
"A large part of the late ostamastani the material is in the 1960s and the 1970s, owe a DVD, which was published, when I was 11 or 12, disks, the acquisition of which I was probably a little bit too young," he says.
He agrees that the discs, buyers are more likely to be introvertteja who enjoy their own seurastaan, and adds: "I do not smoke or drink too much.
This is my paheeni. "
The 25-year-old Wez, who works for the Sister Rayssa, also believes that many of his customers face YouGovin fit the profile.
He has, however, noticed a new wave of people, which has been affected by the enthusiasm of the media. People who have heard that the products have come back in fashion, and which has become the need to buy the old levynsä back.
Käymieni on the basis of the discussions hankkiutuneet kokoelmastaan get rid of people who are usually in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who sold vinyylinsä to buy the CD-ROMs, now selling CD: nsä levynsä in order to buy back, "he says.
This may explain the increase in the number of a certain age vinyyliheränneiden.
But what about the alleged discs tunnemerkitys?
Phonican in a trade, it takes a few seconds to realise that the offer of the Community levykaupat lohdullisen samanhenkisille types.
Wezin according to the parents of some of the customers have been injured, in particular lähimaksujärjestelmästä.
Some vinyylifanit to häkeltyä the digital world and to choose its confidence in the sustainability; levykansien familiar objects, which are the subject of teenage age onnenpäivien memories.
"I think that sometimes it may be a matter of filling in the gap, or some kind of lohdusta, which creates a" possession of objects, Wez says.
I myself keräilijänä I admit that this is true, and I believe it to be true for many people.
It is an easy way to meet the ideas.
"We have as their sosiaalityöntekijöitään!" another worker said the sudden levypinon do not trust.
Huhtikuullinen the poll carried out by ICM revealed that nearly 50% of the people who had bought vinyylilevyn in the last month, had not yet been listening to it.
The survey also found that 41% of levysoitin is that they will never use, while 7% vinyyleitä ostavista levysoitinta is not.
At this point uutisraporttia näyttäisin is likely to be worried when I leafed through a serious bossa Nova -kokoelmien piles of them.
This is a wake-up call “prize ” perspective ” is something, which is also the Sounds of the Universessa (laskuri: Three of the middle-young man who works), Jonny, 42, has noticed.
"Someone came a short time ago and said: 'I am not levysoitinta, but I would like to buy the disk, Radiohead, so that we can put it on the shelf'," he says.
This is not a big proportion, but it definitely is going to happen.
More of the product, less music.
There will be people who will say: "I do not levysoitinta. '
It is, therefore, the parents, but younger people, aged myöhäisteini who have just innostumassa on the issue.
Foppissa, which now is almost an entire floor reserved for vinyyleille, is when I arrived in much more diverse audience.
Seitsemänkymppisiä couples, the number of tourists taking photos, teinipoikia and the middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less than in the past in the shops - rento kaiuttimista raikaa Wild Beastin latest syntikan- and seksintäyteinen pop, and improvisaatiojazz - it is wonderful to see different types of customers.
None of them seem to be particularly yksinäiseltä, but still the psychological trauma is proving difficult for the next to someone standing by 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, is around the Foppia has walked on a few minutes watching the sale of the different disks.
He is doing ikkunaostoksia, not to spend that much money.
He says that the earning much levykeräily, so it is not really an option.
"It is expensive.
It is easy to listen to music, either through a computer or something else, but vinyylin beauty is... "he has rakastuneesti.
"I don't know how to explain - it is a really unique."
Over the past pysähdyspaikkani says vinyylinrakastajien which had attracted a new generation: Urban Outfitters.
At the same time, when I try, it seems that I studied the farkkushortseja, observations from the group of teenage girls who are rallying around the Polaroid cameras for a moment, before the father and daughter are considering the purchase of Crosleyn levysoittimen.
On my left is in the wall is Adele, Jeff Buckleyn, Amy Winehousen and Fleetwood Mac discs covered with: a mixture of nykymusiikkia and klassikoita, keskivertokokoelman any relevant products.
No one does not see them - perhaps because of the fact that they are only baubles, and some are so high that they koskeminen would be impossible.
It is a purely "taidevinyylit. '
But given that these objects received little attention can mean more money for the industry and to send a few customers Sohon depths to find out more, this is not a lot of complaints.
It will come as no surprise that the section of the population, which is more likely to be more time and money, it is also the most, which uses, such as luksusesineisiin vinyyleihin.
But even though löydökseni point to the fact that the results are accurate, at least YouGovin Sohon levykaupoissa, they do not rule out the possibility of female collectors and vinyylien lovers, there is a large number of tosimaailmassa, levykaupoissa and online forums.
These people are likely to work very hard at school or in the office.
They are certainly are not going to spend around in Berwick Street torstaiaamujaan maleksimalla levykauppoja selaten disks and evasiveness karmivan, 30-year-old tekotelevisiojuontajan look kurkkiessa this evil-aavistamattomien middle-aged men over the workers.
Greenland shark is the longest living animal - videoraportti selkärankainen
Scientists say that holkerilla have a longer life expectancy than any other on the planet selkärankaisella.
The studied Julius Nielsen says that the record is naaraalla, whose age is believed to be between 272 and 512 years and which is five metres long.
A French court rejects an application to demolish the shops Junglen pakolaisleiristä
A French court has rejected an application to dismantle the Calais authorities in dozens of restaurants Junglen tilapäiskauppoja and the camp, which is home to thousands of refugees.
Tuomioistuinkäsittelyssä this week at the Calais authorities justified, that the state should be able to dismantle a total of 72 temporary trade within the camp, where people are selling their goods energiajuomiin cigarettes, offer hiustenleikkausta or sell tea to 50 cents (40 pennillä), or sell a simple food for a few euros tilapäisravintoloissa.
A Calais, the agency argued that the seats will be lifted, because they represent the taxes maksamatonta rinnakkaistaloutta and because they are a risk of fire and puhtaanapitoriski.
Humanitarian groups have told the court that the shops and restaurants are vital, saying that the state-sponsored organization and other groups offered free meals do not provide enough food for the camp of the growing number of people.
They justified that tilapäiskaupat and -ravintolat often provide protection and free meals to those who need them.
The court in Lille ruled that the 72 tilapäiskauppaa pyörittävien häätämiselle people there is no legal grounds, but said that the Calais A concern "was entirely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said that ruokakaupoilla, kahviloilla and restaurants was a much bigger role than just "living in extremely precarious conditions," feeding people.
He said that the spaces provided the calm the meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the seats that were under threat of the dismantling of the camp was in the Jungle Book Kids' Cafe, which is a non-profit and which offers 200 meals on a daily basis, English and French, as well as the hundreds of hours of turvapaikkaneuvoja camp delivered to vulnerable, single to minors.
More than 170 000 people have signed the petition, which is intended to protect the children a bistro.
In a letter sent to Guardianille said that the closure of the Amsterdam "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom have only eight years old."
Two hyväntekeväisyysjärjestöä, "Help Refugees and L ’ Auberge des Migrants, a judge on Friday that the number of people in the camp Junglen has risen from 9,000 people - huippulukemaan - after the number of arrivals rose sharply during the summer.
The dramatic fall in the price of Finland, significantly faster than the EU average
The food is cheaper in Finland in the strongest possible terms, to the delight of the displeasure of producers and consumers.
In Finland, the price of food has fallen by almost five per cent in three years, while the average of the EU countries, its price fell by 0.9%.
At the same time, Germany and Sweden, the food has become a one per cent more expensive.
In the last three years, the price of food has fallen from Finland, the second most in the EU countries, which have similar rates of pay than in Finland.
Vertailumaista only in Britain, the price of food has fallen faster than in Finland.
The data reflected Tilastokeskuksen kehittämispäällikkö Ilkka by Mr Salm, which was published in the Information & Trendit -blogissa.
Lehtinen vertaili reaalihintoja, i.e. the prices of consumer prices, which is proportionate to the overall development.
The latest data are of this year to June.
2010, at the beginning of the 21st century, the price of food rose sharply.
In 2013, the prices of the 1994 kipusivat close to the price level.
The situation was an alarming.
"We were very close to losing its been given a price advantage, which came as a result of membership of the EU," Lehtinen says.
Then there was followed by the turn of events, after which the food has become cheaper from year to year.
Now, the price set by the weight of the Russian food import bans are fully, who are tyrehdyttäneet food exports from Finland to Russia.
That is why the milk and meat products in the market for the supply of Finland has increased and agricultural producer prices have fallen.
"Putin's policies have helped the Finnish consumers in the short term," Lehtinen says.
The industry and trade increased price competition has contributed to a drop in the price.
The big supermarket chains in the S-Group and Kesko are both lowered their prices.
Consumer price competition has been reflected in the näyttävinä mainoskampanjoina.
Finland is a hotbed of food, however, is still not cheap, even though the price of food has declined in abundance.
In 2015, the food was in Finland, the fourth most expensive in the EU countries, who had similar rates of pay than in Finland.
Mr Lehtinen's sold in Finland, according to the price of food has a significant impact on the VAT.
He found that if the verrokkimailla would have the same rate, will be sold in Finland palkkatasoltaan similar countries, thirdly, the cheapest food.
Lehtinen compared to Denmark, Finland, Sweden, Austria, France, Italy, Britain, Germany and the Netherlands.
If the rate would be verrokkimaissa seven, only the Germans and the Dutch would sell cheaper food than the Finns.
"If we want to reach the level of the old EU countries in the price of food, to keep the VAT cut to the average level of the countries of the EU and will continue to price competition," Lehtinen writes.
Lehtinen, to point out that her calculations arvonlisäveroprosentilla are indicative.
School is no longer quite the same again
Koulunpenkille paternity may note that the school is during the summer there has been a change.
No has drawn up a new curriculum, which will be introduced in all alakouluissa at the beginning of the semester.
That is the message, according to which all of the Finnish schools.
Schools will decide on the details of the plan, but says the official targets.
The new guidance has been prepared for several years, and they are different from the old guidelines, in many ways.
Among other things, the kaunokirjoituksen opettelusta will be dropped, and instead of schools will train koodaamista.
Ruotsinopetus will begin no later than already sixth category, and yhteiskuntaoppia nelosella already starting to read.
The biggest change, however, is the role of the pupils.
Before, it was felt that the teacher to teach pupils, but now everyone will be active and learn from each other.
In this way, the school is an attempt to make more interesting.
The World pitkäikäisin selkärankainen was found - jäähai can live up to 400 years
Jäähainakin known grönlanninhai (Somniosus microcephalus) to reach maturity only 150 years old.
It can live on even after 250 years, a new study reports.
The figures will make the species of the modern world pitkäikäisimmän selkärankaisen.
Eläinkunnassa it overtake only Arctica islandica, which is the oldest known person is timed to the age of 507.
Grönlanninhaita leaving along the North Atlantic.
They also possesses another record: They are one of the biggest fish in the Arctic region.
Naaraat koiraita drag on for longer, they can grow even more than viisimetrisiksi.
Given the pace of expansion in is a slow, seurantojen just centimetres a year, according to some adults individuals are inevitably lived for a long time.
But for how long?
Julius Nielsen, the Copenhagen University and his colleagues took a clear.
He identified the adult jäähaiden ikiä 28,662 naaraasta, 28, who had left the fishermen's gear.
Fish age, it was revealed silmälinssien radiohiiliajoituksesta.
Tutkittujen sharks rout of average turned out to be at least 272 years.
Sample of the two largest fish, and 502Labour 493- senttiset amatsonieväkkäät, the revelation of the approximately 335 and 392 years of adulthood.
Since previous studies have found that the jäähainaaraat reach maturity until more than nelimetrisinä, researchers fell, that they are at the stage of around 150 years old.
Research published in Science.
Stockmannilta sack almost 300 kilotons - sellers will not be reduced
Nearly 300 employees will be made redundant tavarataloyhtiö Stockmannista.
Difficulties Yhteistoimintayhtiöt ajautuneessa the company came to an end at the beginning of August.
"as a result of the negotiations will be reduced to approximately 300 jobs, of which the majority of redundancies will be implemented," Mr Stockman tells note.
It does not reduce the number of sellers, according to the supermarket, so that the customer service does not suffer.
In addition, approximately 80 of the procurement of the employee will be offered a new work for the seller.
Stockmann, the negotiations were about 3 000: A employees.
They at the start of the reduction was estimated at approximately 380 employees.
Väen is the reduction of approximately EUR 20 million in annual cost savings, which is scheduled to take place over the next year.
Stockmann has already begun tehokkuusohjelman, which is designed to achieve savings of up to EUR 50 million this year.
There are the Stockmann's difficulties in accessing tavaratalokaupasta profitable.
Although the group has been corrected liiketulos improved in the second quarter of the year, to 11.1 million compared to €tavaratalokauppa is still a loss.
Stockmann's Acting Executive Director Lauri Veijalaisen says that sales at department stores have not reached the targets set by the company.
"Henkilöstövähennykset, unfortunately, are necessary in order to secure the Stockmann Retailin positive Veijalainen liiketuloksen in 2018," the note says.
In the second quarter of the year, behind tulosparannuksen Lindexin vaateketju, in particular, was a success.
The chain has achieved the best of all time in the second quarter of the dismissal and its findings.
Lindexin operating income grew by 9.5 million EUR 28.1 million.
Last year, at the same time across the whole of the Stockmann Group liiketulos was 4.1 million deficit.
Stockmann, estimates that the group this year's turnover is in decline since last year.
Oikaistun liiketuloksen is expected to be slightly positive this year. "
On Friday, is sateisinta in the north - with temperatures below 20 degrees across the country
Finland at the site in the northern part of the centre to keep the following sateisena weather on Friday, says HS): the weather presenter Ilona Láng.
The central parts of the country will be sadekuuroja, but to the south is poutaista.
The temperature is no longer so this summer, as the mercury in the whole of the country will remain below 20 degrees.
The Northern sateisilla regions will be missed by 10 to 15 degrees.
Kenya is being shaken by the coach - yleisurheilujoukkuetta dopingskandaali tempaukselle a peculiar explanation
A Kenyan yleisurheiluvalmentaja John Anzrah was sent home from the Rio Olympic Games after it became clear that Anzrah appeared for the national team as dopingtestissä.
AP News Agency reported that an athlete, at a time when Anzrah tried to speak, is 800 metres star Ferguson Rotich.
Kenya's maajoukkuejohtoon and member of the Stephen Arap Soi reported that Anzrahin identity was revealed after he was given a taste of the yllätystestissä Rotichina.
Dopingvirkailijat ilmiantamassa Anzrahin went to the authorities.
Soin says Anzrah was sent home because he "did the crime in Kenya in the national team."
He appeared as, gave virtsanäytteen and even signed the documents.
We cannot accept such behaviour "of the Kenyan Olympic Committee chairman, in turn, The path described kip jyrisi Reutersille news agency.
The Olympic Athletics begins on Friday, and the Rotichin is expected to run straight at the time.
It is not yet known whether the juoksijalle known consequences as a result of the incident.
Rotich topped last year in the World Cup on the way to the fourth, and is in advance of the Rio voittajasuosikkeja.
According to Reuters, the Kenyan yleisurheilujoukkueen was within the source, in turn, claimed that Anzrah went athlete akkreditointikortilla just to get free meals kisakylässä.
When antidopingvirkailijat confronted him, they expected him to be an athlete, and he was taken to a test.
The coach has not explained the situation, because you were afraid of being reported to the officials, "the source said.
Where are all?
The Rio yleisurheilustadion will ring exceedingly hollow
Where are all the right?
Not in the Olympic stadium in Rio yleisurheilua to witness.
In Rio, began on Friday, but the world struggle at mitaleista huippuyksilöt were pretty empty katsomolle to showcase their skills.
The Rio organising told on Friday that only 58% of the first day of the tickets and aamukisojen iltakisojen 65% of the tickets have been sold.
The second was four years ago in London, where the pullisteli hurraavasta flocking into the stadium.
Riossakin Finaaleiden tickets have already sold out.
The Rio Olympic Games katsojakato has attracted attention before the yleisurheilua.
For example, rugby, melonnan and Ratsastuksen katsomoissa there have been thousands of spaces.
When mitalitoivot Brazil's Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca played rantalentopalloa legendaarisessa Copacabanassa katsomosta, was only 70% full.
Brasilialaiskaksikon after Holland played against Russia, and the spirit of the 12 000 katsomosta was full of no more than around 30%.
Poor susceptible to explain, at least for a while, the fact that Brazil is a long way from European and Asian kisaturisteille and there are many olympialajeista are strange football tottuneille the Brazilians.
Of course, even in the first match of the Brazilian football team did not receive the full jalkapallostadionia sort.
Kisajärjestäjien spokesman Mario Andrada said at the weekend that the tickets had been sold at the time, 82%, which is significantly lower than the figure of four years ago.
"There is still a 1.1 million at the end of the sale," Andrada said, according to Reuters.
London Olympic 8.5 million tickets were sold to 8.2 million, even though the tickets kustansivat almost half of the more than in Rio.
Rio ticket prices have fluctuated around the inauguration of the nine from more than a thousand euros.
More than half of the tickets will cost less than 16 million.
London Olympics volunteers and army personnel were able to sit empty places in Rio, but this has not yet been allowed, because the organisers need money and trying to get tickets to sell up until the last moment.
Rio organisers have, however, given the 240 000 tickets for schoolchildren in the country, the less well-known species, such as golfiin and rugbyyn.
The Rio stadium was empty seats in the morning.
Even in the Copacaban Beach volleyball is not in the interest of the public.
Mr Jukka Keskisalo was made in London 2012.
Väkeä in the gallery was enough.
A new way to protect the environment - the right to acquire the land area
Helsinki Foundation will participate in the nature conservation in new ways.
Last year, set up the Foundation of ecologically significant.
Since then, private individuals, businesses and communities will be able to redeem money haltijaoikeuksia the country in the region.
The Foundation has acquired the first country in the region from Lapland.
The country is divided into blocks, which the person who wishes to acquire haltijaoikeuden in return for payment.
Haltija not 187 square lohkoonsa for a right of veto, which in practice means that the approval of the holders of each is needed if the land use is going to be changed.
Haltijaoikeuksia can acquire also more axis.
The acquisition of Hallintaoikeuden is something concrete, which can leave a legacy or to give a gift.
You do not have to go to carry banners or restrain themselves somewhere up in order to protect the environment, "management business acquired Juha Leviäkangas argues.
Hallintaoikeuden acquired lohkostaan not the exact location, which will allow, for example, part of the visit.
The Foundation with the same nettisivuilla komeilevat haltijaoikeuksien nimitiedot kartassa lohkotiedot in the country, which can be found in the region.
Leviäkangas luonnonsuojeluhankintansa sees the risk is that the activities of the Foundation is changing its original idea.
Helsinki Foundation has been established yleishyödylliseksi säätiöksi, the purpose of which is to contribute to the protection of the environment and the natural world.
The risk here is the fact that the foundation would somehow Epäeettisesti or commercially, but it should not be possible.
Helsinki Foundation Haltija the idea behind the project is the protection of the natural, so that they will be able to be intact and in peace.
The Foundation is acquiring land, either by buying or lahjoituksena.
It haltijaoikeuksien mainly funded by the sale of its operations, but the foundation has received alkupääomansa perustajiltaan.
The Foundation's purpose is to acquire more suojelumaita.
It also aims to go beyond the borders of the Finnish and is planning to maahankintaa in Australia.
Helsinki Foundation will present their pop -metsässä up to the Helsinki kauppatorilla from 13 to 19 August.
Pyörävarkaat torment of the big cities - see the situation in the worst Turkua kotikuntasi
Beijing Bicycle torment of major cities in Finland in the worst Turkua.
It has this year been stolen as a proportion of the population, more bicycles than in the other nine largest cities.
Helsingin Sanomat reported to the police to tackle bicycle theft, reported on the basis of the extent to which the ten largest cities is this year's January-August stolen bicycles and their parts per thousand per capita.
The Turku, rose to the top of the Helsinki, Oulu and Lahti.
They took place in the police, according to data from four to five pyörävarkautta thousand inhabitants.
Instead, the Espoo and Kouvolassa was reported to the police, only around two pyörävarkautta thousand inhabitants.
After all, it is a big difference.
"In other cities, as a proportion of the population is going to happen tuplamäärä theft compared to the other", is characterised by Poliisihallituksen poliisitarkastaja Tommi Reen.
Turku police officers to wonder why the city is a comparison kärkipaikalla.
It is extremely difficult to say why, in Turku has been stolen more bicycles than elsewhere.
I have no answer to the question.
"Varkauksien frequency can affect how much and how much is in the town of bicycles, in general, is" considering ylikonstaapeli Teemu Äikäs.
Poliisihallituksen Tommi Reen must be quite actually arrive, Turku, Finland, Helsinki and Oulu are rising to the top of the comparison.
Pyörävarkauksien amounts to go to a large extent, depending on what are the study and pyöräilykaupunkeja.
In Turku is close by the centre, a short distances and a lot of bicycles available for the thieves.
"For example, Espoo, in turn, has quite a different type of city, where the kaupunkikeskukset are far apart, and a bicycle is not necessarily the primary mode of" Reen says.
The in Finland to the attention of the police is January-August has become a little less pyörävarkauksia than during the same period last year.
The joy, however, is no cause for concern.
Over the past years, in spite of the downturn to the attention of the police will be a little more than 20 000 pyörävarkautta each year.
That means a 50-60 fillaria every day, and only in Helsinki, the wheel around 4 000 per year.
"They are big quantities of" Reen says.
In reality varkaat will take more bicycles, because it is the only part of the victims to inform the theft to the police.
Reen urges people to make a complaint pyörävarkaudesta, though fewer than one in ten of the case will be reported to the police.
A typical clarified pyörävarkaus is one in which the police will be informed of the theft, and as soon as the thief is caught verekseltään.
"There is also capable, when, for example, in the context of the rest of the investigation huumejutussa flats can be found in stolen bicycles," Reen says.
In Helsinki pyörävarkaita will be caught in the act on a weekly basis, or while police investigate the connection, says a senior Constable Timo Leppämäki.
He said that bicycles are stolen, for example, kauppakeskusten pyörätelineistä sisäpihoilta, stocks and pyöräkellareista that is virtually everywhere, where they tend to be maintained.
Despite pyörämalleista the most stolen Jopoja as in previous years.
U-lock on wheels to give better protection than many other forms of the lock.
Some varkaista take the bike, for example, in the short term, for the purpose of the exercise of their own, but a large part of the stolen wheel ends up for sale, for example, via the internet.
They will remain on the domestic market.
"It does not come to the attention of the police, with little in the way of the stolen bicycles to go abroad," Reen says.
Stolen bikes buyers are ordinary Finns, according to the police.
Some of the purchase will be stolen bike without knowing it.
Part of it may be the doubts.
Of spent bike buyer must be careful, because he cannot commit kätkemisrikokseen or -rikkomukseen.
"Hälytyskellojen should sound the alarm if hyväkuntoista a wheel is sold below cost," Reen says.
Erikoiskirjastovirkailija Severin Moose position on the colourful Nopsansa always a day for the duration of the library Kallio shelter in Helsinki.
Pyöriä he has had five paragraphs, but not a single one has not been stolen, Moose says. "There have never been, has so far has become a monk."
"Perhaps this is not so much to attract thieves, this is not necessarily hipsteriarvoakaan helsinkiläinen" Moose is considering.
In the Helsinki Kalliossa kioskissa quickly dealt with Siri Valve nominations polkupyöränsä a small u-lukolla.
Now the bicycle nökötti kioskin up against the wall, but usually Valve locks pyöränsä a fixed, such as pyörätelineeseen.
"There will be a lot of time for A matter, because this is the most expensive thing in a bicycle omistamani helsinkiläisopiskelija pyörästään," says White, whose body alone cost around €500.
"Throughout the years kavereilta hears that, in turn, has been stripped of."
"Most of the bad turn, such as the rämä Jopoja."
Taloyhtiön sisäpihalta Valveelta themselves the bicycle was stolen a year ago.
Wheel, however, had been lukitsematta, so the Valve has been able to provoke its theft.
Less than a 15 year olds to account for their crimes?
Helsinki is probing vertaisvalamiehistöjä familiar from the United States.
In Helsinki, experimenting with the so-called vertaisvalamiehistöä to prevent young people getting into rikoskierteeseen.
First of all, the experiment will be subject to under the age of 15, who now are left without criminal liability.
Vertaisvalamiehistö is the first of the young people to do the crime.
The idea is that the vertaisvalamiehistö will discuss the incident with the author of the crime and the number of sanction.
A week later, the perpetrator of the offence itself can join the vertaisvalamiehistöön To actions.
Other consequences can be written in a letter to the family, for example, explaining what has been done and what has been learned.
Nuorisotoimenjohtaja Tommi Laitio says that the model does not have a firm.
There are other sovittelumalleja, which will be used in parallel.
"All are directed to the functioning of the young people in the direction of a more responsible, so that not everything would be ruined by the first error" Laitio says.
Vertaisvalamiehistöön has been a model in the United States, where it is widely available.
The idea is that a young person is not the first crime after aikuispaneelin will not be brought to justice but reflektoi what happened around with their own age.
This model has been tried again.
Kokeilua followed palvelumuotoilutoimisto Palmun palvelumuotoilija Iikka Lovio tells us that this was the beating, which was successfully.
In less than 15 years of age, before the first crimes do not necessarily have been at all.
"It has been a message that will not continue on the path of valitsemallasi" Lovio says.
Vertaisvalamiehistö Maahanmuuttajanuorten Helsinki is part of the project, which is being driven by the City of Helsinki and the All-Foundation.
Lovio stresses that the new policies will be offered to all those who need it, not just the maahanmuuttajanuorille.
More than 70 republikaanivaikuttajaa wants the party to put an end to the campaign financing Trumpin
More than 70 influential republikaanin says it has signed a letter calling for the party to stop Donald Trumpin financing of the presidential election campaign.
You will see yhdysvaltalaislehti Politico reporting, which had led it to see the draft.
, it explains in an open letter to the chairman of the Committee of the Regions is directed at Republicans, the nationwide Reince Priebusille.
The signatories want the party's money is channelled to the Trumpin kongressivaaleihin instead of the campaign.
"We believe that Donald Trumpin caused divisions, as well as his indifference, incompetence and record epäsuosionsa threaten to bring in these elections äänivyöryn democrats," the letter says, according to the Politicon.
Only in all possible resources to immediately kongressivaaleihin can prevent drowning of Republicans, the Trump koristeinen wears an anchor.
The letter says that the decision should not be difficult, because the Trumpin chances to win the presidential election, shrinking by the day.
Politico writes that the letter is intended to send to the next week.
The signatories include, among other things, are the politicians, Gordon Humphrey, Chris Shays, Tom Coleman and Vin Weber.
One of the letter organisoineista persons is at the forefront of the opposition Trumpia republikaani Andrew Weinstein.
Politicon, Weinstein has said that the letter is "from people who want to protect the party enemmistöjään the Congress" and that it is not in anyone's favour.
The letter lists a number of Donald Trumpin acts, which is believed to have insulted the millions of voters.
In addition, he says has shown the dangerous authoritarian tendencies.
Earlier this week, 50, who had been working on the national security officials announced in an open letter that they do not support Donald Trumpia president.
Clinton promises relief for families with children in the USA
In the US Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told the details of their economic policies on Thursday evening.
I am president of the United States, in order to ensure that the economy would go well for everyone.
"Donald Trump is president, so that the economy would go to him and his friends in the very point of view," Clinton said in her speech.
Clinton's plan is at the heart of the massive, $275 billion in the five-year programme of the US infrastructure - roads, bridges and airports - to improve it.
This, in part, funded by tax rises for the rich, largely with the help of private money.
Duunareille Rakennusohjelma is a helping hand to the Americans, who are suffering from the factory in migrant halpatyön countries.
Clinton called the programme for the most unequal as an investment in jobs since the Second World War.
We have rakentajakansaa, we need to go back to the building.
Clinton said.
On Thursday, Clinton also promised to make it easier for working families with children.
On Thursday, he sounded more Sandersilta to emphasise that the rich should pay a fair share of taxes.
And if the company goes from the United States, it must pay the veropakolaiseksi lähtövero, Clinton said.
Today, he is opposed to a free trade agreement in the Pacific, which she before the support.
"[Presidenttinä] I am opposed to all trade agreements, which are the wages of workers or against it," Clinton said.
The Washington Post, before Clinton's speech, according to the published by spekulaatioiden Clinton was going to criticise Republicans Donald Trumpin Monday, the publication of an economic programme for the fact that it "is just the kind of millionaires."
As proposed by the considerable discount Trumpin yritysveroihin Clinton has previously appointed Trumpin "loophole."
On Thursday, Clinton stressed that she was the daughter of the small businessman himself.
He reminded listeners small businesses, which Trump has failed to pay the bills, and the clothes, which Trump himself to manufacture in China and Mexico.
"If he wants to make America great again, he should start by making the products in America," Clinton piikitteli.
Such are the Rio Games: these things are not liimanneet Finns ticking boxes to the table, but the interest in the mobile application
Normally, are reflected in the television urheilukisat katsojatilastoissa terävinä vuorenhuippuina.
The Rio Olympic Games have not yet reached huge viewers.
Kerrallaan liimanneet ticking boxes around the Games are, at best, 12% of the population: Tuesday evening uintia was followed by Ylen olympiakanavalta TV2: from 615 000 spectators at the same time.
By way of comparison: in one month ago at the European Championships were TV2 ’ s to the table at a time of almost 800 000 spectators, the World Cup and the European Championships is well above one million.
Olympialajeista most so far has been of interest on Sunday evening, cycling and the fifth kisapäivän opened the Artistic gymnastics, both of which tavoittivat olympiakanavalle at a time of almost half a million spectators.
Yle Binoo Pokkinen is pleased with the head of the sport katsojalukuihin, and remind you that viewers are in Rio at the Olympics for the first time in several different instrument.
Television, in addition, the Finns are following the Olympic Games in Rio Areenasta.
We are pleased to see how much of a part of the TV viewers will select the Olympic Games in the first place.
Television viewers are puolellakin TV2 ’ s and Yle Fem cases.
Rio Olympic Games are the first urheilukisat, for whom the Yle has devoted an entire channel.
When the broadcast will be 24 hours a day, and the audience is for the entire period of 20 000 to 500 000, so it is a good basis for it.
Katsojamäärät are smaller than the 2012 London games the or the 2008 Beijing games the, but also explains the difference between the time difference - a large part of the Rio kisalähetyksistä will be in Finland, at night.
The second reason for the mild interest - if someone laimeana - is certainly a traditional Finnish reason: If Finland would be taken by someone, it would be in the interest of the alkukisoista yllätysmitalin pompsahtanut up with it.
In addition, the Athletics is only just beginning, as well as the rest of the Finns are of interest to species: Sailing and Equestrian.
Alun katsojamäärät have been Pokkisen, according to a close to the expected.
When the Athletics begins, these things explode.
Yle launched for the Rio 2016 Games Yle -mobiilisovelluksen in the first days of the Games, which rose from Apple's App Storessa Finland ladatuimmaksi sovellukseksi free of charge.
For Monday date, the application was ladattu 150 000 times.
Veikkaisin that now goes for 200 000 around the course.
"The network will be able to get these things until later, Pokkinen says."
Rio Arena has not worked the hoped-for all users.
Pokkinen says that feedback has become, and the bugs have been corrected.
Rio Areenan use has joined the delay and the rest of a minor technical problem in the early stages.
Sovelluksista has been updated versions, which should be to correct the mistakes of the past.
The Rio Olympic Games are reflected in the Ylen channels and areenassa more than any other sporting event ever.
Yle Fem -kanavalta will be able to watch some of the species, and on the radio Yle Speech to convey to the games on a daily basis.
The Olympic Games are not only perhaps työläimmät Ylelle ever, including the final, which will be able to follow the only Ylen channels.
Starting in 2018, as well as olympiaurheilua Ylellä that is reflected in the commercial channels.
How deep is the deepest lake in Finland?
According to official statistics, the Finnish one of the deepest lake is Lake Päijänne, whose depth is Ristinselällä reaching 95.3 metres.
It may be even deeper.
Matti Kannela Tekniikkasukelluskouluttaja Ristiselältä painauman found approximately 20 square metres, which is the basis for the syvyydeksi Dive computer seemed to 104 metres.
In the summer of 2014, the Finnish Environment Agency tried in vain to confirm the finding kaikuluotaamalla.
The method is not necessarily find a small syvennystä in the 100 metres, kehitysinsinööri Jari Hakala says.
So far, the official depth is, therefore, is still reaching 95.3 metres.
Other deep lakes are Lake Inari (92 metres) and Suvasvesi (90 metres).
More than 80 metres from the Saimaa, Toisvesi and Lake Pyaozero.
They have not been studied as closely as Päijännettä.
In particular, Inarijärven base has not been identified.
"It could well be unknown syvänteitä" Kannela is considering.
If the deepest lake is defined by keskisyvyyden, it is a large Jukajärvi, 23 metres.
In view of the Lake Päijänne does not reach the deepest among the ten and Suvasvesi is even further away from the leaders.
The correction on 12 August at 14.29: CORRECTED Antitrust last paragraph, where keskisyvyydeltään the deepest lakes were wrong.
Ihalainen veroalesta: Pensioners' taxation still kireämpää
Pensioners' taxation is still difficult than before as employees.
Ihalainen, says that a flaw in the system came on the eve of the parliamentary elections and to raise taxes on pensioners were promised equality arvoistaa wage earners.
The proposal does not include this kind of thing.
We think it should be, it definitely be.
Promises given should continue after the election to follow, he says Medialle of the West.
At the beginning of this year, the wage earners, who became työtulovähennyksiä kevensivät taxation.
It kuumensi parliament representatives of the opposition, who hiillostivat the then Finance Minister Alexander Stubb (Kok.) of election promises.
Purchasing power safeguarded, it does not grow
The Finance Minister Petteri Orpon (Kok.) linjauksessa Ihalaisen is presented by the tax cuts, according to the purchasing power of the mainly about safeguarding and, because of the increase in wages will not increase next year.
He says that the benefit of the tax reduction will have a positive impact on employment, purchasing power and if the other things are more people's uncertainty.
Ihalainen welcomes Prime Minister Juha Sipilän (kesk.) and the desire to respect the difficulty of the messages Orpon the kilpailukykysopimusta.
He says that the agreement is important in terms of holding on to the credibility of the.
It hallituskauden is one of the most important economic and employment policy work.
It has been done with the trade unions, so it should not be destroyed by questioning.
It is going to be needed, because the economy is so much domestic demand and people rely on their own belief in the future.
Unemployment to seize riihessä Pitkittyvään
Ihalainen appeals to the government that it will rub off on the long-term unemployment, at least budjettiriihessä halting its growth.
Pitkäaikaistyöttömiä was in June, approximately 17,000 more than a year earlier.
He says that if growth does not stop, the government's objective of increasing the employment rate of 72% to get out of it.
He warns that if the basis for this at the challenge of unemployment will be discounted, there is a very big social decline.
Ambassador: Thai attacks is reportedly suomalaisuhreja
In Thailand last night and the last night of the Finnish time injured in the bomb attacks killed at least four people.
The Ambassador calls on the country, the Finns alertness and to avoid turistialueita At the authorities, and follow the instructions.
Those who intended to Thailand suomalaisturistien there is no reason to cancel the trip because of the upheaval in the embassy, but it is worth to comply with the instructions to the caution, Westphalen says.
Thailand, very little in the way of the Finns
According to the Westphalenin in Thailand at the moment is very little in the way of the Finns, although their exact corresponding is difficult to assess.
Finnish Thai-matkustuskausi should take place at the end of the previous year.
The vast majority of the Thai-tourists will come from South-Eastern Europe and China at this time of the year.
The Finnish Embassy in Thailand has received a number of comments from the suomalaisilta via Facebook after the attacks.
The Ambassador has tried to pursue, in particular, Hua Hinissa the Finns in order to get information on the situation in the city.
Several kontaktihenkilömme Hua Hinissä, however, are out of the city at the moment.
Generally, everyone seems to be very well, Westphalen says.
No information about the source
Westphalenin according to the source of the attacks, there is no information yet.
The Ambassador believes that events may join the political unrest in Thailand divided society and the military junta in last week's referendum on the Constitution.
The law was approved in a referendum.
The referendum was not an open, democratic process.
There, among other things, was arrested people who expressed their opposition to the law.
Thailand's southernmost provinces, in turn, is linked to the Muslim faith ethno-national conflict, Westphalen says.
Muslims want to add to its sovereignty.
Previously, the attacks, however, has not been extended to turistikohteisiin.
In Bangkok today is a big, local festivals, Westphalen says.
He said that in the city to celebrate the Queen's birthday and äitienpäivää.
Traffic in the city is very low.
The attacks are likely to have, in the course of the day, so that the authorities are very strict security.
Thai police: At is not about international terrorism
According to police, according to local attacks are "sabotage" and are different from conventional terrorist attacks.
The Islamist terrorism has been ruled out, tells of the Thai police, according to the AP news agency.
Thailand has resulted in the deaths of at least four people during the course of the day, when 11 bomb will explode in different parts of the country, such as the tourists and Hua suosimissa Phuketissa Hinissä.
Suomalaistenkin suosimassa turistikohteessa lomasaari Phuketilla, on the night of the four bombs exploded, says thaimaalaislehti Bangkok Post.
According to the data, they are called for the dead.
Pommeista two exploded Beachilla Patong, according to the newspaper.
In addition, two bombs exploded Phang Ngassa, where one person was injured, according to the newspaper.
Hua Suositussa turistikohteessa Hinissä has, in turn, will explode, according to the local authorities, a total of four bomb yesterday and today.
Both kaksoispommi died in the attack, at least one.
In addition, the southern Thailand in a village in the city of Surat Thani Trangin and at least one bomb exploded in both.
Both the attack killed at least one person.
The Surat Thani is familiar to many travellers, as it is transported through Samuin, Ko Ko Pha Nganin and Ko Tao lomasaarille.
Their factor is not known
Thailand's ruling military junta leader Prayut Chan-O-Chan, according to the attacks factor is not yet known.
They also are an attempt to create chaos and confusion.
We must not to provoke people panikoimaan any more, he said to reporters.
Responsible for safety, according to Deputy Prime Minister Prawit robust Wongsuwanin at least Hua Hinin and Trangin the attacks are linked.
He said the Thai BSB: the factors that have been designed to destroy the country's tourism, because all of the attacks have taken place in tourist areas.
Finland's embassy in the country, the Finns urge vigilance and to avoid turistialueita At the authorities, and follow the instructions.
Those who intended to Thailand in Finnish, there is no reason to cancel the trip because of the upheaval, but to comply with the instructions to the caution suurähetystön supports, Westphalen says.
The European Haavoittuneissa
Finland during the night of the attacks and their victims so far, very little is known about it.
Eilisiltaisesta attack Hua Hinissä has had time to get a little bit more information.
It died of a local woman and wounded more than 20 other people, including at least nine foreign tourists.
Among the injured is, at least the German, Italian, Dutch and Austrian.
Hua Hinin in the latter, at least three people were injured in the attack.
Two of the bombs exploded near nähtävyytenä kellotornin known as.
Thai PBS says that the police have been isolated by Hua Hinissä region, from which it believes may have found another bomb.
Surat Thani province, according to the governor of the bomb was hidden in the kukkapenkkiin.
World Humanitarian Day died in the municipality worker.
Haavoittuneita there is at least one.
CNN haastattelema superintendent says that the Surat Thani was used in the attack, in which two bombs that around half an hour intervals.
According to the Bangkok Post bombs which of the two different in front of the station.
The United States Biles won the women's neliottelun
The US Aly Raisman was the second pistein 60,098 and Russia's Aliya Mustafina 58,665 suorituksella the third point.
Biles, 18, is aiming for the Rio games the pit, still telinemestaruuksia, hypyssä and puomilla.
Biles has been dominated by women's voimistelua awash with over the last few years.
He edelliskaudelta three of the eight personal maailmanmestaruutta.
Neliottelun and permannon rigged championships he has won three times in a row, as well as of the last year and the year before.
The US team has achieved two Bilesillä joukkuekilpailun maailmanmestaruutta.
The World Cup is Himmeämpiä mitaleita Bilesillä hypystä and puomilta.
Thai suomalaisyrittäjä: "Iskulla there is no impact on tourism."
Thai Phuketissa kiinteistönvälitystoimistoa and the children of the same kiinteistössä leikkikerhoa pyörittävä ESA Huovila is not concerned about the Thai bomb attacks on the impact on tourism.
If there are no more attacks, so I do not think that this will result in any ihmeempiä suomalaisyrittäjänä in Asia, with estimates of about twenty years, Huovila worked.
Veteran entrepreneur has seen close to many of the tragedies occurred in Thailand.
There is always something.
First there was a tsunami, then the avian flu and last year of a bomb attack in Bangkok.
If these aiemmatkaan are not driven tourists, so this is unlikely.
Huovilan of the company's office is located in a few hundreds yards away from the explosion occurred.
For työntekijältään Huovila heard the attack.
The worker rang around nine local time and said that it is not worth to come to the office.
Huovila says that, as well as the rantakatu the pääkatu Bangla Road were closed as a result of the attacks in the early hours of the morning.
Many local of them came in the morning of the workplace in the usual way.
They thought that the road blocks had been put on the Queen's anniversary, Huovila says, referring to Friday's juhlapyhään in Thailand.
Patongilla the mood was calm and high street shops were given permission to open around the clock at 10 a.m. local time.
Rannalla many of them had never even heard of the attacks.
Half a three day at the time of the Thai time Patongilla traffic was normal, and a large part of the shops had opened its doors.
Iskupaikan on the basis of a small, at the time of the explosion has been iskupaikalla visited Huovila says.
Later, the car was seen Kruunupyyssä Jouxholmintiellä.
When the police arrived, the car had been set on fire.
Scouting found two of the characteristics of a man fitting piiloutuneena kuusikkoon close.
The second man was taken straight to stick.
Another bolted, but the man was later found poliisikoiran with the help of the forest.
Men are suspected of moottorikulkuneuvon käyttövarkaudesta, in case of theft and serious damage.
Police would like to thank the clues contributed to this.
Tutkimusjohtaja Russia: A clear on the sidelines of the transfer of the changes in
Russia was made on Friday, the high johtajamuutos for years, when President Vladimir Putin sacked the head of the administration of Sergei Ivanov.
Mr Ivanov virolaistaustainen is the successor to the 44-year-old Anton Vaino.
He is the ex-diplomat and Mr Ivanov kakkosmiehenä.
Kangaspuro says that the reason for the dismissal of Mr Ivanov, can be Putin's desire to prevent it, that the strong people he would be too much power.
He adds that the executives recycling is one of the power of the way.
This is the way to prevent that people kerryttäisivät the president of the independent power for themselves.
According to Kangaspuron it is also possible that Ivanov has been kahnauksiin or mokannut with other leaders.
Asemanpudotus Ivanoville
Mr Putin's inner circle of Ivanov will move to the Department of the Environment and Transport specific role.
State media with a band, Mr Putin said the change in a joint decision.
According to Mr Putin, Mr Ivanov had asked for a transfer to other tasks, and proposed Vainoa place, told Russia Today.
Kangaspuro says that Mr Ivanov's point of view, it is a clear asemanpudotus.
Minister for the Environment and Communications in Russia are not very high on the agenda.
He points out that Ivanov has been one of the most important people at the pinnacle of power in Russia.
In addition, Ivanov has played an important role in the president of the Security Council.
Ivanov worked during the period of the Soviet Union with Putin in the KGB.
He was regarded as a potential successor to Putin's election as president in 2008, but rose to Dmitry Medvedev.
Kangaspuro to point out that the old kaartia, for example, has been replaced in the governors in Russia recently.
A senior researcher, Katri Pynnöniemi Ulkopoliittisesta Institute, says that much more interesting than the heir to Mr Ivanov is the fact that Putin to change the immediate entourage nuoremmaksi.
The Isis fighters in Syria ’ s withdrawal have used civilians as a human shield
They used civilians as a human shield Jarabulusin in a bid to escape the city, so as not to be granted to them, said Sherfan Darwish, who is the representative of the Military Council Manbijin.
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, according to the civilians had been invested in hundreds of cars, where they were Jarabulusiin.
The Arab and kurditaistelijat received last week over the important Manbijin Isisille about 90% of the city.
It is estimated that dozens of jihadisteja, however, remained in the city at the time.
CORRECTED Antitrust more pieces of news at 19: 30: Earlier, we incorrectly that siviillit were escaping the city, actually the Isis fighters abducted civilians in a bid to escape the city.
Professor: the Interior Ministry asiakirjajulkisuuslinjaus is unlawful
Line of the Interior Ministry documents is unlawful, says Tomi Voutilainen public law professor at the University of Eastern Finland.
The BTI Voutilainen says that the public access to documents cannot be based on the authority's own guidelines, but it is based on the law.
In the past, the Minister of the Interior Ministry of the Interior's refusal to extradite the events of the evening osallistujaluetteloa Sanomille.
The minister justified the decision of the Prime Minister ’ ohjeistuksella and because of that the information was recorded in the minister's calendar and kirjanpitoaineistoon.
The tariff viestintäjohtaja the BTI says that the department has recognised the need to reform the practice.
Usain Boltin olympianäytös begins in Rio last
Over the past years, Bolt has run into arvokisojen on the eve of the race against time to.
He insulted alkukaudesta takareitensä and was forced to leave the Jamaican olympiakarsinnat.
This has not been the perfect preparation, but I am in a lot better shape.
I am training well and it is the key, Bolt said lehdistötilaisuudessaan in Rio.
That press conference vähäpukeisia proposedDirective sambatanssijoita faneiksi and changed the journalists.
Porina Boltin around this underscores the fact that jamaikalaisen star has risen in anticipation of the day when the Athletics has struggled dopingskandaalien and luisuvan with interest.
Boltin previous defeat for the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004, when he became a member of the 200 metres karsiutui alkuerissä term 21,05.
At the time, a 17-year-old Bolt was a young promise which slowed down the injuries and loose harjoitusasenne.
Four years later, he began in Beijing after 100 metres over which he crushed world record and competitors to self-9,69 loppujuhlinnasta born in spite of the time.
This is more difficult
A year later, the Berlin World Cup Bolt achieved a career lakipisteen kellolla mitaten.
Born in Berlin maailmanennätykset 9,58 per 100 metres over and 19,19 kahdellasadalla are still in force.
In Rio, Bolt has announced a target of 200 metres world record for alitusta and 19 seconds, but its creation does not believe anyone else than Bolt himself.
Satasella Boltin very challenger is the Athens 2004 in the Centurion our Olympic winner Justin Gatlin.
Last year, the Beijing World Cup Final defeat Bolt American with only one sadasosasekunnilla.
Bolt does not have not disappeared during the period that began in Beijing after arvokisojen Final once, if only to have come off.
For the 2011 World Cup in the Centurion Daegussa finaali Boltilta juoksematta vilppilähdön left.
Bolt meets in just over a week's time 30.
He is an old man, and the young men in the sport at the Rio Games are his last olympialaisensa.
To reconcile a career last maaliviivaksi Bolt is set for next year's World Cup in London.
These are the Olympic Games which distinguish me from the other.
I am a parent, and this is more difficult.
But every time I hit, I remind myself: This year, I have to do it, Bolt said three months ago, in an interview with Sports Illustratedin.
Paljastuksia Rio: Two athletes are suspected of dopingrikkeestä
According to China's state news agency Xinhua kiinalaisuimari Chen Xinyi, 18, has given a positive dopingnäytteen at the Rio Olympics.
Kiinalaisuimari Chen Xinyin dopingnäytteestä was found traces of banned substances.
The bulgarialaisjuoksija Silvia Danekovaa epäilläään dopingrikkeestä.
In addition, A Kenyan yleisurheiluvalmentaja kotii were thrown into jail, because he gave dopingnäytteen on behalf of the athlete.
Silvia Danekova has given dopingnäytteen, which is one of the signs of the EPO hormones.
He was the fourth in Rio, the women's 100 metres perhosuinnissa.
Brasilialaislehti Estadaon kiinalaisuimari dopingtapauksensa has taken the sport, according to the International Court of Appeal CAS's table.
Xinhua News Agency says that Xinyin Sunday's näytteestä would have found no signs of the name of the Hydrochlorothiazide diureetista.
Rio has come to light, but also the other dopingepäilyjä.
The BBC is reporting that the Bulgarian naisestejuoksija Silvia Danekova has given dopingnäytteen, which is one of the signs of the EPO hormones.
Kenya has, in turn, passittanut yleisurheiluvalmentajan dopingrikkeen home of Rio.
The International Olympic Committee, the IOC said on Thursday that the A Kenyan coach was tekeytynyt testitilanteessa urheilijaksi and was given dopingnäytteen in favour of this.
Mediatietojen says that it is A Kenyan pikajuoksuvalmentaja John Anzrah.
According to the Daily Mail, he had used in the context of the 800 metres juoksijan Ferguson Rotichin kisapassia.
Phelpsiä does not stop there - a historic gold became näytöstyyliin
Olympiahistorian the most successful athletes, the American Michael Phelps ui 200 metres individual medley of 22 olympiavoittonsa in Rio.
Michael Phelps has won already 22 olympiakultaa.
At the same time, Phelps won the first uimarina olympiakultaa the same species in the fourth successive games the.
Phelpsin voittoaika 1.54,66 was.
Japan's Kosuke Hagino took place during a second before the individual medley of China's Wang Shunia.
I try to just keep a little bit of fun, the BBC olympiauintikommentaattori Helen Skelton laugh Iltalehden pikahaastattelussa.
Helen Skeltonista (oik.) on Monday, the story has been this week's luetuimpia Iltalehden website.
Rebecca Adlington Vieressä publicist.
Skelton is not much stressaa if somessa or the British press is a small kohinaa his paljastavista and the extraordinary asuistaan.
Televisiohan is the visual media, he stresses.
Skelton is dressed korkeakorkoisiin shoes and lyhyehköön mekkoon, which is certainly at least enough paljastavuutta - at least in the eyes of many of the conservative brittikatsojan.
Farther steps, however, is not going to be.
It is important to look good, and the small kohuthan are just a fun thing to do.
Skelton will undoubtedly want säväyttää hätkäyttääkin and, perhaps, but he stresses that do not want to be the main players.
After all, this is not about me, he says.
Here we are watching the sport, and fokuksen must be urheilijoissa.
It is as it should be so fond of matter how I to these conditions.
French pensioner meets that the controversy has reached the Finnish until now?
I cannot but, all of which will focus attention on how hard these swimmers do hommia and how big the sacrifices they make is, to me, OK, Skelton virnistää.
Do you know what?
It has caused such a stir from scratch, if it is going to be (juontajan pukeutumisesta).
I am somewhat huvittunut if this is someone's Anti-boot.
The Rio police made two arrests as a result of the terroriepäilyn
Rio police announced on Thursday that it has arrested two people for the sake of terrorismiepäilyn.
The police made the arrests in the context of the safeguards office of the Games.
The police did the same in connection with the arrest of five other kuulusteli and the two people before their release.
All of the suspects have been in Brazil.
According to the G1-uutissivuston because of terrorism detainees are part of the same group, whose members were arrested by the police in July.
Those arrested are believed to be links to the Isis äärijärjestöön.
The detainees were reportedly incited violence on social media.
Those calling messages were scattered among other things, suositussa the WhatsApp service.
The Rio Games is responsible for the safety of the 85 000 police officers.
The police in Rio was the suspicious package
Spain and Nigeria were forced to open the Rio koripalloturnauksen alkulohkon ottelunsa an empty warehouse at on Thursday.
The police found a suspicious package koripalloareenasta and shut down on to the public.
The police released this in public, after kontrolloidusti was blown up a package.
This was the third time in Rio during the Olympic Games, when the police have carried out a controlled räjäytystehtävän.
The police shut down because of the suspicious package has been found from the arena.
The public got in, when the police had kontrolloidusti blown up a package.
The public does not make it katsomoon by the beginning of the match, as the police closed the arena toviksi hallista because of the suspicious package has been found.
The police was the package and was leaking to the public halliin until then.
Paukku gave rise to the Games uneliaasti had begun to the Spanish team.
Two defeat of Spain won the Games started the Nigerian pistein 96-87.
Over the course of two previous games the Spain won silver.
The police carried out controlled räjäytystehtävän for the third time during the Rio kesäkisojen.
The police had to blow the dubious löydöksen maalipaikan in the vicinity of the UCI Road last Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria began to empty the Rio koripalloturnauksen alkulohkon ottelunsa katsomoiden gegenübersieht.
Argentine daami pukkasi Petäjä-Sireniä - a Finnish wondered protest
The Tuuli Petäjä Sirenillä was a colourful Competition Day in Rio.
Tuuli Petäjä-Siren experienced tough on Thursday.
The Tuuli Petäjä Argentine daami pukkasi Sireniä surffauksen avauslähdössä Women's Day on Thursday in Rio.
Tuulia was broken.
The enemy has admitted strikes.
He was left stranded as a result of Kolari, and other karkasivat, the Finnish päävalmentaja Joakim Wilenius said.
Athlete considered a protest for a long time.
It is not, then, did not do, because it would have been olympiasääntöjen in vain.
It would have to fall into the water, so that I would have received compensation, Petäjä-Siren said.
The Finnish had laudallaan until the very last moment, because it did not want to be at the Rio dirty water.
The Finnish remained Kolari lähdössään the heart of the 27.
The London 2012 Kokonaistilanteessa olympiahopeamitalisti is the eighth.
Kärjen there is little in terms of the affected.
On Friday, is an important day, when kisataan is taking a 10-12.
This revised 0.39: On the first piece of information, Petäjä-Siren tehnytkään did not protest.
7 peculiar things which, in addition to age, according to science
Science has looked at everything under the sun.
These things have been proven to bring point of having more years of a person's life.
Some of the issues are the ways in which directly or indirectly affect a person's health, so that his life is getting longer.
Sometimes, things that can affect a person does not itself, will be able to bring to the point of having more years to him.
These include, among other things, a tendency to keskivartalolihavuuteen or social status.
Regular shopping can extend the holding of the age.
It is not always necessary even törsätä - just a search for a carton of milk is enough.
The long age secrecy has sought to explain in a variety of research.
Medical Daily presented the seven kummallisinta tutkimustulosta.
According to the science of all of these things are likely to bring more premature.
Kaljan and the coffee drinking
Kahvinjuonnin has been found in some protective syöviltä, type 2 diabetes, as well as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Harvard University study, said that a moderate kahvinkulutus is linked to the risk of death "pienentyneeseen", especially with regard to the sydänperäisten or neurological diseases.
Alcohol, speaking on behalf of the studies, according to which the moderate consumption - one to three daily intake - may prolong life.
For example, one found that viininjuojat lived longer than the people who have been drinking at all.
Regular hammaslangan use can extend the life of a person, even in more than six years, a study says.
The claim is based on the fact that this prevents ientulehduksia.
They will be able to contribute to the onset of diseases, while others in other parts of the human body of Europe.
Norway, a study has explained how the Laughter seemed to be the human life cycle.
After seven years of the project observed more than 54 000 people.
They who burst out laughing, more people were yrmympiä 35 per cent more likely to be alive at the end of the experiment.
Sex, at a time when sexually protection has been taken into account, it is good for your health, according to many studies.
In addition, it can also extend the age.
Unfortunately, a mere sex activities as it stands is not enough.
In order for a person should not point of having more years of their lives, he will also receive Orgasm.
Liikunnallisuus will, of course, to the point of having more years, it is not disputed.
Long to reach the age, however, does not require an absolute solakkuutta.
One of the Oxford University study that found that women who had a big backside, kolesterolitasot were lower.
They have also had more omega 3 -rasvahappoja.
The same study combined these things matalampaan mortality rate.
Whether they are used at the Olympics mitalisijoille got off to an athlete or her Oscar-winning actress, she is more likely to live beyond the normal pulliainen.
Many of the research has been trying to find the reason for this phenomenon.
One explanation could be that an ambitious man is likely to live in a way that will bring to the point of having more years of his life.
Some of the researchers, meanwhile, is concerned that the long, once again, is due to the age of the person's social status - which in turn will make it possible for the Nobel Peace Prize, for example, such as the pursuit of confessions.
More than 65 years of age, a study found that getting to deal with on a daily basis shoppaileva person, in other words, is likely to be less of a charity shop parents.
This is due to the fact that the concrete in the shops pyöriminen to reduce the loneliness.
It has once again found to defuse the biological mechanisms that could bring death.
Laske, therefore, own a credit card kädestäsi - nettishoppailulla, therefore, does not have the same effect.
Umpihumalainen rattijuoppo was engulfed in the lorries
Southwest Finland Koskella took place on Friday evening, a lorry and a car nokkakolari.
The accident happened Koskella, Koskentien and Sorvastontien in the middle of the 9 p.m. on Friday.
Truck had been driving in the direction of Forssa, when the car was against become immersed in the same Strip, rightly, a lorry on the right kulmaan.
Truck was left after the collision kaistalleen up, but caught on fire.
A driver managed to extinguish the fires themselves.
Cars was engulfed ojaan and beyond ojan over katolleen.
Henkilöautoa transported in 1972 was born a woman remained in the vehicle sandwich.
Services authority abandoned the injured the driver of the car, and he was carrying at Turku keskussairaalaan treatment.
A woman puhalluskokeen was the result of 2.02 per mille.
He is suspected of driving under the influence.
Mail sent to the wrong city irtokarkkeja
The Salon K-Citymarketin irtokarkkivalikoimassa was flawed, because the post was sent by mistake Seinäjoelle part of the load.
Perniössä resident Teija Elf was on Thursday, buying irtokarkkeja Salon K-Citymarketista when it was hit in the eye to sign a lot of fun.
Unfortunately, irtomakeisissa tuotepuutteita is, as the Mail submitted kuormamme Seinäjoelle!
We get more of the load when the Mail receives!
Unless the congestion, therefore, nurmikonleikkuussa, kyltissä said.
The trader's kettuileva sign is related to the fact that the Mail last spring, the services will also be extended to cover ruohonleikkuuta.
The supply of Post Ruohonleikkuu is always until the end of August.
Haltian believes that the sign was mainly an amusing and he decided to share it on social media.
The update incorporates the popularity of the beat me astounded by.
Media sad to have been ringing all the time, and this matter to the attention of the extinguished is an incredible, Elf wonders.
On Friday evening Haltian päivityksellä was on Facebook, more than 700 division.
Elf got its own suosikkinsa napattua irtokarkkipussiin, although a few laari was empty.
Post Company Kuljetuspalvelujen Jaakko Kaidesoja deplored the damage to the business, which is responsible for the Evening Sanomille.
The background is that three of the five lavasta harhautui yesterday in the wrong place (Seinäjoki) and we will no longer be left to do osatoimitusta Saloon (three), but today we took only five of the stage, told the Evening Kaidesoja Sanomille.
The reporting the first Ilta Sanomat-.
Teija Elf is outraged kyltistä because, found a range of irtokarkkisuosikkinsa all of its own.
Huima laihdutus! 30 kilos keventynyt Lotta Backlund, published a picture of the muutoksestaan
Comedian-producer is hoikistunut tens of kilos after the birth of their child.
Lotta Backlund has lost tens of kilos elämänmuutoksen as a result of.
Lotta divided on Friday kuvaparin muutoksestaan Instagramissa.
In the spring of Lotta was kuntokuurilla and normaalipainoiseksi at the time.
Lotta Backlund in 2014.
Comedian, TV producer Lotta Backlund laihdutusurakkansa began back in 2009.
He is a comprehensive elämäntapamuutoksen and gradually lost about 30 kilograms.
On Friday, Backlund, published by the soaring performance kuvaparin Instagramissa.
There is reflected in how the huge Lotta appearance has changed over the years.
Backlundin before and after the -kuvapari kiitteleviä kanssalaihduttajilta has attracted a number of comments.
You are a wonderful, yes.
At the same time, on the way, the motivation is a hard! One hehkuttaa.
Ms Lotta Koriseva, Mikael Backlund and Saarinen were involved in the Make it now -projektissa.
I get a pictures hirveesti the strength and enthusiasm, while at the same time, on the way to the second taivallan itself, says.
In the spring of Lotta dropped the kilos of Make it is now working on the project.
At the time, he told us that he wants to reach the last Iltalehdelle normaalipainoon, which was then the trip 10 kilos.
During the three months of the five kilos kuntokuurin fell in the end.
Loviisassa the family of the murdered woman's desire for the benefit of the resolution: The victim muistamiset
A week ago, Loviisassa murdered a 42-year-old woman's family hopes that the victim would be remembered, instead of flowers and adressien lahjoituksella poliisikoiratyön.
Sipoon Eläinlääkäriasema has published a Facebook update, in which it cares for the victim's family of going for the benefit of the donations to the desire of the resolution.
The review will be told that the victim had done Sipoon Eläinlääkäriasemalla standing in for work, as well as the hoitajaharjoittelunsa also carried out there.
Eläinlääkäriasema remembers the words which affect women.
Pleasant, smart, and the work of huumorintajuinen pelkäämätön.
Good Ystävä.
It is still cannot fully comprehend that he is gone.
Facebook update, is involved in the bank account number, where donations can be transferred.
With this update is that, on the whole, go to a lahjoitusrahat poliisikoirille turvaliivien primarily to the acquisition.
Last Friday, a 42-year-old loviisalaisnainen was murdered in his own kotipihassaan Loviisa Koskenkylässä.
A woman's neighbours have said the victim was a very Iltalehdelle eläinrakas.
He owned a number of animals, including the horse, dogs, cats, chickens and kukon.
Murhasta suspect in the 27-year-old man would not have known the woman, and they have had no contact with each other.
Murhaajan This was involved in the states, which Börje pidätystilanteessa fatally wounded.
Börje remained, however, survived and is now recovering.
Tingsrätt issued a judgment in the case of violation of the Post yhdenvertaisuuslain
Postil did not have the right to detain the perehdyttämisestä refused worker's salary, will assess the Stock-Hämeen Tingsrätt in its ruling.
Post Tingsrätt obliged to pay for the bulk of the detainees and the employee's salary of €2 000 morality of discrimination.
According to The Mail would have been able to arrest perehdyttäjän is only part of the salary, which responded to the proportion of perehdyttämisen the whole day's work.
According to the Käräjäoikeuden yhdenvertaisuuslain ammattiyhdistystoimintansa in violation of the worker was set on the basis at a disadvantage.
The worker had complied with the Postal and logistics sector in the Union Pau järjestöpäätöstä perehdyttämiskiellosta.
Last year, during the November postilakon Pau made the decision, according to which the Post workers strike perehdytä do not violate the temporary workers.
The People's first reported the news.
Turkey to return to the path of the human rights-respecting
Turkey will return to democracy and respect for human rights on the path of development, to write to the Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (kesk.) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini (PS). Journalistiliitolle in his reply.
The Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (kesk) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini (PS) have agreed on the human rights situation in Turkey.
Journalistiliitto Sipilää Soinia and, in the past, asked in a letter to express concern about the freedom of expression and freedom of the press in Turkey.
Sipilä and Soini tells the Finnish repeatedly that brought out the importance of the freedom of the press and freedom of expression in Turkey.
Mr Putin sacked the head of the administration - Tönis virolaistaustainen Persecution
Russian President Vladimir Putin has sacked presidentinhallinnon Sergei Ivanov, the head of the Kremlin says.
Instead, will the Council of the persecution of the Estonian communist leader Karl pojanpoika Anton Vaino.
Persecution is 44 years old, a former diplomat who has been presidentinhallinnon varapäällikkönä since 2012.
Persecution will also be a member of the Security Council, Russia's Interfax news agency says.
Vladimir Putin gave the sack päällikölle regime.
Mr Putin's inner circle of close to the Kremlin, Mr Ivanov, according to a press release on the matter of the Environment and Transport.
According to Mr Putin, Mr Ivanov had asked for a transfer to other tasks, and proposed Vainoa place, Russia Today says.
Mr Ivanov worked together with Putin during the period of the Soviet KGB vakoilussa.
Many people had to Ivanov as a possible successor to Putin in 2008, but the president nousikin Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Ivanov was appointed to the role in 2011 before Putin's re-election as president in 2012.
The BBC: Manny's jättihankinta pelikieltoon - not to see his Premier League
Jalkapallosiirtojen maailmanennätysmiestä is seen on the ground, when the Premier League kicks off at the weekend.
Paul Pogban pelikielto was followed by involved in England.
Manchester United F.C. jättihankinta Paul Pogba pelikiellon is on the sidelines because of Manny ’ s opened on Sunday against liigakautensa Bournemouthia, told the BBC on Friday.
Manu paid Pogbasta italialaisseura Juventukselle brittimedian according to 105 million euros.
The Football Association FA, however, to keep him out of the game, because it was putting a strain on Pogballe Juventuksesta pelikielto.
He received two warnings of the Italian Cup last season, and it will be one of the match pelikielto.
That pelikielto has been transferred to England, the FA has told the BBC.
Pogban next sauma is the league to play in the second round on 19 August, when Manu points from Southampton.
Flow "megalomania is a virtue in the
Viihtyvyyden precise criteria and the ambitious visions are established Flow Festivalin role on the international stage as a major event in the world, which is a distinguished tähdittävät huippuartistit.
Flow Festival begins on Friday in Helsinki.
Festarikävijät are typically expressed themselves omaleimaisella pukeutumisella.
One of the päälavan bands this year the punk legend Iggy Pop.
Flow Festivalin event in the region, among other things, the stailataan tekonurmella and taideinstallaatioilla.
We have never been enough, that would only päälava and kaljateltta, says the event, the artistic director Thomas Kallio.
The Helsinki Suvilahdessa Flow Festival to be held this weekend has grown from a small korttelifestarista event of tens of thousands of visitors.
The key to success is driven by a simple question: What kind of the perpetrators of the event itself would like to go?
Tapahtumatuotannoissa has come from that, in the view of the case.
Often the goal is to achieve the level of need for viranomaismääräysten and acting in accordance with the event, says artistic director Thomas Kallio.
He knew that in the weeks before the event, Flow will be by the end of this year to sell.
The aim has been to increase in the last year, 70 000 people kävijämäärää 5 000 people.
Festareilla will be seen again this year, a number of interesting domestic and foreign artists.
Kävijämäärän growth is a good thing, because to do is in some way to finance.
On the other hand, we do not want to grow up too much, because at some stage mass would be as karjalauma, which are directed to the massive väylissä.
That is not what we do not want to.
Due to the ideology of the event is 13 years before us in such a way that, in part, tekonurmella somistetulla in the region is 130 words or fine speeches, as well as a number of taideinstallaatioita ravintolapisteitä and drinkkibaareja.
Päälavan and the smaller esiintymislavojen keikkapaikkana this year, in addition to the 15 000 people Tent.
Kallio admitted that the event could take more straightforward way.
Maybe I am a little megalomaniac, but at the same time we have been able to maintain the Flow 'n' lives at risk.
If it loses, this is no longer our story.
Kalliolle the greatest pleasure and reward for their work is that, today, large visions are practically possible.
The event in the early years of the 21st century, in the middle of the action was very dependent on the City of Helsinki around 20 000 euro for their support.
Last year, the Flow for pyörittävän Company had a turnover of around six million euros.
It may help to bring about a "kreisejäkin stories about the", such as that of 73 metres wide tent housing developments.
Flow "n visitors are typically expressed themselves omaleimaisella pukeutumisella.
Musiikkitapahtuman alongside trendikkäiden can speak to young adults in the community.
The event, however, is not deliberately left his muodikkaaksi particularly.
We want to distinguish itself, above all, the content.
But also fashion-phenomena are suitable for Flow 'n the catalogue: uteliaisuuteen and the desire to vuorovaikuttaa with the environment, says Kallio.
This year, one of the bands is päälavan punkin legend, a 69-year-old Iggy Pop.
Miehellä is in their own genressään a huge fanijoukko but he indierockia, pop-music, which received four DJs - 20Syl yhdistelevällä räppiä and it is not the most typical personality.
According to Kallio Iggy buukattiin, because it is now likely to be the last time that this is seen as keikalla in Finland.
We are interested in the history of all of them, and the future.
It is just what the commercial radio.
Iggyn the latest record is a damn good and he has done in recent years in the bloody good keikkoja.
The Thai turistiparatiisin the bombs were hidden on flower pots - tourists fled in terror
Hua Hinissä exploded local time on Thursday evening, the two bombs.
Which resulted in at least one local woman, and more than 20 were injured.
They also had a hidden apparently kukkaruukkuun and blown up with the help of technology.
They also were deployed on the street, whose clients are mostly foreigners.
They know well, at the same time, when the tourists began to go to bars and return to the hotelleihinsa Samoer Yoosumran police spokesman, told CNN.
Since 1989, the wild animals that lived in Asia, a protector of Edwin Wiek tviittasi attacks telling picture.
If tviitti does not appear to be properly, you can watch it on this.
Hua Hinissä the injured at least 11 were foreign tourists.
Väkeä ran vastaani and said that the bomb will explode in the bar.
It was one of the biggest baarikaduista, told ruotsalaisturisti Emelie Olsson Aftonbladetille.
The next morning local time, two bombs exploded in Surat Thanissa.
At least one died of.
The number of injured is not yet known.
Very soon after that suomalaistenkin by on the island of Phuket, two bombs exploded.
No one is reportedly died.
At the same time, Hua Hinissä was the second kaksoispommi-blow.
At least one of the dead and three others were wounded.
In addition, the Trangin one of the bomb exploded in the town.
The police told Hua Hinistä reportedly found at least one of the bombs, which had not yet had time to explode.
According to the Thai authorities are likely to be behind the bomb attacks on rebel forces, who are not satisfied with the Thai military action.
According to local authorities, according to estimates there may also be a criminal organisations.
Aftonbladetin have been seized by police in recent times, quick to criminal organisations involved in the trafficking of human beings.
KSML: This part of the new valmiusjoukoista leaves the first fight in a war situation
In a war situation told Akuutissa varusmiehiä taistelutehtäviin sotilasvalan vannomisesta until several months after, tells Keskisuomalainen.
Haastatteleman If it explains koulutuspäällikön, Brigadier General Jukka Sonnisen according to 5.5 months by, for example, varusmiehistä taistelukelpoisia they are only in times of war, who are in the final stages of their education.
According to the first of all in the service of Koulutuspäällikön for valmiusjoukkoihin are reservists.
No varusmiestä or reserviläistä not ordered for the job, which has not been given the required training, Sonninen says.
Earlier in the summer, it became apparent that Puolustusvoimat takes the train varusmiehiä the readiness of direct services from next year.
The will, if necessary, use military action already varusmieskoulutuksen during the period.
Pamela Tola jättikorvaukset hometalosta received
Actor Pamela Tola and her former husband, CEO of Pauli Waroma are hard won in a dispute over the house, which they bought Espoosta in 2009.
Kaksikerroksisen erillistalon vendor had been 330 000 euros.
Kaupanteon after it was revealed in the house, however, a serious kosteusongelma, which caused dangerous mikrobikasvustoa.
A couple was forced to sell the flat purkukuntoisena in 2014.
The selling price was tippunut 132 000 in the euro, so the financial losses and the cumulative saving Tolalle Waromalle to the tune of EUR 198 000.
A couple took the matter to court and demanded the shopkeeper there a price reduction.
The seller denied the request, but Tola and Waroma käräjä- as well as that - he won the story.
Hovrätt issued a judgment in the case on Wednesday.
It was supposed to be in force for the court ruling, which the seller was ordered to pay Tolalle and Waromalle EUR 150 000 a price reduction.
In addition, the seller will have to replace the couple of judicial and selvittelykuluja a total of 47 344 million.
Right kohtuullisti reduction of the price a bit, because some home buyers korjaustarvetta was already known asuntokauppaa.
Ilmenneet rakennusvirheet were, according to the Court of Appeal, however, significantly more serious than what was on the table.
Tola looking for hyväkuntoista home
Tola - he told me that the couple had specifically sought hyväkuntoista home, because they did not want to take the repair work.
He was born in the perception that the building is peruskorjattu and in good condition and that the kuntotarkastusraportissa points mentioned no harm.
Kuntotarkastusraportissa has been mentioned as a risk and epäkohtina ventilation, and the fact that kalliopintaa valuvien sulamisvesien along with the rainy and management is not enough.
On the basis of the Keskusteluiden does not, however, revealed that it would have been in any way an urgent matter.
Tola Waroma and stayed in the conviction that the future kalliolta sadevesiä should, perhaps, in the next few years to manipulate a little bit.
Generally speaking, was made in October 2009.
In a few years' time, it became apparent that the housing kosteusongelmat were in a much more serious than we thought.
Between 2012 and 2013, the checks mikrobikasvustoa was found in the building, according to witnesses who were due to a rock, as well as the proven sadevesistä kapillaarisesti maakosteudesta.
Länsipuolella houses in the air may have been contaminated with microbial auditor estimates that kuistin to get through the inside, too.
Terveydellisen risk judgments, the limit values for the border, or were found hometta hiivaa sivelynäytteissä kodinhoitohuoneesta, Kellarin portaikosta olohuoneen ikkunaerkkeristä Kellarin pesuhuoneesta, as well as.
Terassit were built without permits
The court arguments about whether it was also in breach of the extended permission to build a house.
The right believes that Tola Waroma and had not been aware of the decision before the start of trading in the city of Espoo, according to which the housing had been in breach of the licence of any changes.
Among other things, the terassit was built, even if the proper permits had not yet.
Homeongelmat were, however, a key issue in a court of law.
According to the shopkeeper before Hovioikeuden buyers were able to trade based on the information provided to assume that suited to the building housing as it stands, and that there was a need for korjaustöille through in the near future.
Tolalla and Waromalla not the Court of Appeal is of the opinion that had a special reason to do the usual broader audit.
The buyers are not neglected selonottovelvollisuuttaan, the Court of Appeal said in its ruling.
Karmiva arkistolöytö: Hundreds of thousands of women who wanted to give birth to children on the register natseille - the Finns
The journalist Christopher Andersson writes in a recent article shows how the United States, Dagens Nyheter Nyheterin Marylandissa mikrofilmeille is situated in the National Archive files stored on a total of 218 500 women, who all wanted to marry with the SS men.
Most of the women are the Germans, but there is also an American, French, Dutch and Russian.
In addition, the natsimorsiamiksi wanted to at least 65, Danish, Finnish, Norwegian 86 and 14 of the 31 Swedish women.
The documents and rekisterikortit are from Nazi Germany, which has been rotuvirastosta.
Rotuvirasto working under the auspices of the SS leader Heinrich Himmlerin.
None of the SS man is not in Nazi Germany had to have children before he was examined the SS doctor.
The same was true of even larger extent, women, who were supposed to be able to generate even more than 10 children.
Mr Andersson says that the women 199499 gynaecological studies to settle the issue.
Rotuvirasto explained the background to women, among other things, by exploring kirkonkirjoja.
The aim was to ensure that women's sukupuussa had the Jews.
Women should also be prepared to give up the Swedish nationality, as well as to provide rotuvirastolle hand-written elämänkerrat as well as the ladies of the recommendations of the adjacent.
Rotuvirasto wanted assurances that the women were "lapsirakkaita", "they say," and "good" of the National Socialists, who have been very German.
Women who do not meet the requirements, was not accepted by the SS men morsiamiksi.
While the report does not say what happened to the archive documents suomalaisnaisen 14 errors.
SS leaders created a state-sponsored programme, which is known as the Lebensborn, in 1936.
The programme, among other things, ordered that each of the SS man should have four children, either inside or outside of marriage.
The Lebensborn homes are born out of wedlock, their children and their mothers.
This does not, however, made a very active, the US holokaustimuseon site explains.
Instead, the Nazi population policy focused on the family and marriage.
The state late encouraged by offering loans and support for access to children.
A German mother kunniaristi was awarded the women who had received at least four children.
Nazi Germany "arjalaisten" and "no-arjalaisten" marriages between were prohibited by law, the museum's website says.
Petäjä-Siren Nirkko rose and fell to sixth,
Tapio Nirkko was the third in the first days of sailing Finnjollien leaving the Rio Olympic Games, but remained a whole series of hännänhuipuksi days left in the second.
Nirkko rose to eighth after the departure of five of the whole situation, but the departure of the second dropped him to the heart of the failure of the 14.
Tuuli Petäjä-Siren fought in the RS: X class days lähdöissä runners-up to 17 and three.
Kokonaistilanteessa Petäjä-Siren is the sixth.
The 470 class Jonas and Niklas Lindgren remained days avauslähdössä the heart of 23.
Kokonaistilanteessa Lindgrenit are the heart of the 19.
Mr Jari Sillanpään Satulinna nauhoitettiin yöunilla in a couple of hours, said: "I was so kankkusessa"
Mr Jari Sillanpää has been part of the Finnish suosikkiartisteihin for more than 20 years.
Risteilylaivan baarimikosta tangokuninkaaksi in 1995, as well as the best of the Finnish myyneeksi sooloartistiksi tanssilavojen tähdeksi festareiden and reached the Sillanpää locomotive porskuttaa still further, and he is currently hurjassa nosteessa.
Mari Koppisen, suosikkilaulajan life in a book written by Jari Sillanpää - Paljaana was published today on Thursday.
The book Sillanpää tells of his life and his career as good or bad.
Sillanpään rose to his career totaaliseen nousukiitoon voittaessaan tangokuninkaan the krona Seinäjoki Tangomarkkinoilla in 1995.
Sillanpää sang Kisassa tangoja, but he had already planned for a little bit of a different kind of music itself.
In the spring of 1995, Jukka Kuoppamäki was säveltänyt Sillanpäälle tangokappaleen at the request of the man, whose Kassu Halonen sovitti a little bit of a different form.
Satulinna -kappale nousikin as one of the Finnish musiikkihistorian out.
The book is told that a äänitys paragraph, however, did not go quite according to plan: Sillanpää sang nauhalle it will not be a terrible and just a couple of hours after yöunien.
We had been on the evening of festival.
I was so kankkusessa!
Sillanpää remembers Paper.
The substantial Valtaiseksi hitiksi taltioinnista paragraph was not immediately guess that it must not be a laulettu.
Although I was not physically parhaimmillani, the post was still good.
I learned that all the time is not obliged to call themselves the perfect and at the top.
The second man in connection with the most popular recitals sattumus, which the paper says happened almost twenty years later.
In 2013 Sillanpää differed from what was then a partner, and the case eventually ended up in the course of gold also ansaitset -kappaleen singlenä texts, which was published in 2014.
The book tells us that Sarah Törmäseltä ordered laulunsanat were not such as Sillanpää would have liked.
Sillanpää had imagined that he was making a record, which tells tositarinaa for his own life, but to tell the difference between a copy of the words were not true, but it was written in 7 days, according to the news agency.
It explains uutisessa Yarsky and ex-beloved as the reason for the difference between told Yarsky juhliminen and the excessive consumption of alcohol, but Yarsky said it was absolute nonsense and not to have been the case.
Mr Jari soitteli furious about the book, according to the record company and refused to laulamasta paragraph, but ended up in the end, however, to sing it - and that is a good thing.
In June, the British pipped by voting for the empire itself out of the EU.
Eventually, 52% of the electorate voted in favour of the difference and 48% had remained in the Union, even though the polls äänestysviikon ennakoivatkin the opposite result.
The British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in favour of staying in the EU.
None of the prestigious Institute of the University Of or not, on behalf of the difference, although a couple of individual researchers tohti disagree with the mainstream livelihood.
In perusmantra, the US policy of former President Bill Clinton's recent election campaign teemalause "It's the economy, stupid" flew out of the window of the Brexit vote in the UK.
Economists shocked by, when their voices are not heard.
They shocked by the, at a time when the economy is the most important thing näyttänytkään the policy.
Economic kiharakieltä
The Centre for Macroeconomics if they ask in the latest kuukausikyselyssään ammattikunnalta responses to Brexit-disaster.
Tyypillisin the answer is that economists have been heard, because this time, other than the voters, the decision was taken on economic grounds.
One of the economists' explanation for the loss of the economic status is that people do not understand the economy.
There is still the idea that the number of jobs is an independent, almost constant, therefore, the number of working mothers.
If an immigrant gets the job, it is the right britiltä away.
Many also have the impression that the fall in the value of the currency would be a good thing, because it contributes to the vientiteollisuutta.
Ekonomistikunnan believes that voters did not believe the economic arguments, because economists' consensus does not become sufficiently addressed.
They kismitti in particular, the BBC impartiality, who gave as much room for only one or two per cent of the EU-ekonomistikunnasta representing the difference between pro-taloustieteilijöille as The majority.
EU-hostile press did not bother to tell you what the IFS, IFM, Boe, CEPR and the LSE and the rest of the economy, the consequences are mahtikirjainyhdistelmät the difference.
Those include the kirjainyhdistelmät kasvottomasti spoke about economic growth, trade relations, sovereign debt and currency.
And if economists messages and listened to them, so that it is not unheard of, because economists represent the kind of elite, with whom voters felt that it did not have common interests.
Ekonomistien in large cities, such as academic would be yes, remained in the EU, but in small towns and rural areas the message is starting to bear fruit.
Maahanmuuttokin is the economy
The Brexit vote overwhelming voittoargumentti was on the issue of immigration.
Maahanmuuttaja takes työpaikkasi sairaalasi clogs, an immigrant, an immigrant to take advantage of you.
These are the arguments of smart.
Every mounted on a café is foreign workers.
How much more jobs in the British would be if they left out?
Every primary care centres, waiting to join sees immigrants.
How much easier to get a Briton lääkäriaikoja if they would not be?
Each school is maahanmuuttajienkin children.
How much easier access to the children of the Briton saisivatkaan koulupaikan if they get rid of it?
Each municipality is home to foreigners.
How much more room for alkuasukkailla it would be if they häipyisivät?
I think that these are the economic issues.
They the jobs, housing and public services.
Economists, however, are not able to respond to them and if we were able, their responses do not have visibility.
Economists have failed to explain that, thanks to the migrants in the British have more and more jobs, less terveyskeskusjonoja and more money for education and social security.
Migrants - and, in particular, the EU migrants - are net contributors to the British public finances and their consumption creates jobs.
Aberdeen kiinteistörahasto Brexitiin had, in cash
One of the funds was Aberdeen asset Management, which is responsible for the Finnish Mr Pertti Vanhanen. ’
He says that in Aberdeen at the time by the Brexitiin A and B-plans.
The Plan B, in other words, the EU will be the difference between victory of the camp began to prepare for more a few weeks before the vote, in the event that the outcome would leave.
The worry was that investors begin to pull their money out of the market.
Kiinteistörahastoilla does not normally not massive liquid funds, but now they might be necessary.
Läksimme to raise cash.
When the Brexit happened on 23 days, there was a 25 per cent of the fund's investment funds käteis- or likvideissä, Vanhanen says Aberdeen only open on a daily basis noteerattavasti kiinteistörahastosta, which were in the news.
According to Mr Vanhanen normaalitaso would be 15 to 20%.
The fund was worth £3.5 billion at the time.
A total of the company's funds is worth around £20 billion.
It was the highest number of nine in the open kiinteistörahastossa, Vanhanen says all of the outstanding British kiinteistörahastojen kiinteistörahastoista.
He estimates that the lowest käteismäärä these funds fell 10%, or even less.
So Kiinteistörahastot varautuivat Brexitiin a very different strategies.
They turned trade
When the EU-difference between a profitable camp won, Europe went up to the roof.
Kiinteistömarkkinoilla the vote followed less than two weeks, however, were very peaceful, Vanhanen says.
Then there were two things that have changed the situation.
The first was the Director General of the Bank of England, Mark Carneyn speech, in which he estimates that Brexit could be commercial kiinteistötoimijoille a big risk.
In addition, the kiinteistörahastoista the first, Standard Life, froze the haggling.
These ryöpäyttivät, together with the situation and has raised the issue of the Financial Times and the BBC grab.
This was compared with as soon as the years 2007 and 2008, Vanhanen says.
This prompted investors hermostumaan.
Institutional investors remained rauhallisempina, but private investors hermoilivat.
Snowball began to turn, and the fund after another was forced to close their doors.
Aberdeen, the situation was a good collected as a result of the cash, but it had happened, and, in the end, to freeze for six days.
Vanhanen, they are not actually closed the trade, but changed the pricing downwards.
In practice, he said, investors were given time to consider whether it is worth the money now to pull out of the panic.
Aberdeen message was that, if you do not have now forced to take rahojanne out, it does not support, because it would lead to losses.
It were reassured by the situation, and, for the most part, withdrew his announcement.
Since then, have been fairly steady, and now the market has been in a couple of weeks in a very calm, Vanhanen says.
He points out, for example, that the Aberdeen continental European funds have not had any similar upheaval.
Kyselyitä came, however, a lot.
Kiinteistörahastoille Kohtuuttomasti attention
Vanhanen kaupankäyntien kiinteistörahastojen believes that the closures were a disproportionate amount of attention.
Open the funds, which are related to the closures, dominated by around four per cent of the British buildings.
Aberdeen bar has lasted for six days, and the company sold out in less than ten properties, 80% of GDP, located in London kiinteistöstään.
Some of the other funds are still caught.
Aviva Investors warned its investors this week that it may be the funds to the side of the 2017.
At the moment, there is a lot of uncertainty, and economic growth forecasts reivattu is down, but the situation does not seem to be in Aberdeen hurjemmalta "."
The main issues for the future development of the national economy, now in the British.
It is, despite the fact that the situation has brought the majority of kiinteistösijoittajista even the new opportunities, Vanhanen points out.
Owing to the depreciation of the dollar and the rate is at its lowest level in 30 years, and, in addition, the market is a 15% sales provide the time before the Brexit vote.
Dollariostaja will now be able to buy the same property by up to 30% cheaper.
Halukkaita there are a lot of buyers, Vanhanen says.
Brexit brought miinuksia in the London property market
2 a.m. in the morning, the situation has not appeared yet very kummoiselta.
But the four, when britannialaisen kiinteistörahaston Aberdeen asset Managementin ’, Mr Pertti Vanhanen arose again to see the results of the Brexit vote, the situation was different.
Voimasanahan it reached.
Tajusin that this is all going now to plan B ’ s side, Vanhanen says the second homes in Helsinki.
He gun straight to work.
The City of London was already fully alive - despite the.
Toimistolla normally äänettömiksi laid down by the TV screens tuuttasivat news, and usually vocal hiljentyi entirely to listen to the people, when Prime Minister David Cameron came in the morning in front of the camera to tell erostaan.
When the market aukesivat, näyttöpäätteet vilkkuivat pure red.
It was one in the morning, which would never have believed to be living, Vanhanen says.
It is not because the turmoil, in spite of Aberdeen, one of Britain's biggest kiinteistörahastoista, was putting the final touches on the day after the Brexit vote, juhannuksena the purchase of the two.
The atmosphere was confused.
Yhtiössä was, however, an alternative provision has been made for very well, and that is why, in a way, the situation was calm, Vanhanen says.
Of the Brexit vote began correction
The vote was followed by the storm.
The pound fell, the British leadership went to the exchange.
The markets began to anticipate drastic bills in the British and, in particular, of the London property market.
In London, had been anticipated in miinuksia up to 20% in the coming years.
Soon, a number of British kiinteistörahastoja began to freeze happened, one after the other.
Aberdeenkin did so for six days.
Now myräkkä has subsided, but the uncertainty jyllää still up in the air.
It does not, however, appear in the final kesälomapäiviään have spent this week in Helsinki, Mr Vanhanen faces.
He believes that it is still too early to say much about what the Brexitistä will follow.
So much is still open: How the difference is going to happen and how Scotland's response to the situation around, for example.
Of the London property market development has already been ensitietoja.
Kiinteistöalan palveluyhtiön CBRE's data the trend will cover roughly a third of markkinasta.
They say that all of the London property prices fell by 3.3 per cent from June to July.
Short in the City of London toimistorakennuksissa minus 6.1%, Vanhanen lists.
The figures are not so terrible, but they are kuukausimuutoksia.
Kuukausittaista index was first published in 1987, and only five months, there has been worse figures, Vanhanen says.
All kriisivuosiin they were one of the big reductions in 2007 and 2008.
It is interesting because Brexitiä compared to the very quickly in the fall of Lehman kiinteistömarkkinoilta and the United States since the global financial crisis.
Vanhanen believes that the comparison is not entirely apt, because now it is the British kotikutoinen the crisis.
Tunnelmakin is the second.
Kiinteistömarkkinoilla is now not been seen at that time paniikkimyyntiä but a willingness to sell in order to improve the liquidity, Vanhanen says.
Rahoitustakin can be found in normally.
Korjausliike could have been in any case, in the face of
In fact, the price correction is not about him, it could have been a miracle - ahead without Brexitiäkin.
Aberdeen, according to an estimate of London and the rest of the world ykköskaupunkien real estate prices have been too high for many years.
We have been saying for the past two years, the City and, in particular, the offices are over-priced, Vanhanen says.
The drop, then began with a really high.
The London prices have shot up upwards for four reasons, Vanhanen list.
In the British economy has grown strongly, London's population as well.
Another big trend is that the real estate are the last omistusluokka which globalisation, Vanhanen says.
In the Middle East and Asia has become the new players in the market, and a growing number of institutions and private investors are looking for kiinteistösijoituskohteita from abroad.
London is a city an easy target.
In addition, the price has fed a low level of interest rates, which is why, for example, the Pension firms have been forced to seek profits from the new sites.
The on loan has been readily available - although velkavipua has been used, according to Mr Vanhanen now clearly less than the 2008 crisis during the pre buumin.
Hajauttakaa hajauttakaa,
The rise in prices in London tasautui last summer, Vanhanen says.
Aberdeenkin began to lighten the omistuksiaan in London, and it was the last year nettomyyjä.
There was some sort of a turning point, and now it came.
What this forward?
It will depend on how the economy evolves, the British, Vanhanen says.
Paljoa he is not afraid of the future to assess, but says that any nousupiikkiä hardly is in the pipeline.
The atmosphere is referring to the fact that there is a steady downward or in his diary.
Vanhanen has already seen a number of moves up and down, because he has been in the real estate industry since 1988.
And still he is an optimist who believes that the kuopista to get to grips with work.
If you are well prepared for the risks, it is in a better position.
He believes the global decentralisation.
If you have placed in one of the markets, it is too much of its victim.
If there is a decentralised, the risks are also a decentralized, Vanhanen says.
On behalf of the S Group begins to register ostostietoja more
The S-group knows what syöt kauppakonserni told today, because the US to collect more accurate information about the position of their customers' purchases.
When the information has been collected so far by the scale of the receipt, the group will start at the beginning of May scoring it also purchased products.
On behalf of the S Group will this Kesko ´ s suit, because plussakortilla bought goods data has been collected Kesko ´ s asiakasrekisteriin already in a couple of years.
K-Plus Oy Ismo Riitalan the chief executive of the programme, according to the feedback has been mainly positive.
Tuotekohtaisia with the consent of the customer data is collected, and they are used in the marketing of permits.
The most effective channel is the e-mail.
Time few customer has banned the use of the information on products, Riitala Taloussanomille says.
He said the Kesko does not intend to react to the S-rekisteröintimuutokseen Group.
Kesko classifies the position of the client already ruokaostosten and not just in 10, according to the group.
Luokitusta will be updated on a monthly basis.
Stock-customers are also classified as the number of shoppers, and the amount of money spent on board.
Data to the customer will be used for targeted marketing.
Tuotekohtaisia ostotietoja will be collected only their own ketjuista K-Group.
Partners, such as, for example, Neste Oil did not give up their data.
Lidl Finland is not in the position of the asiakasohjelmaa and it is not currently planned.
Finnish Lähikaupalla has its own Ykkösbonus the position of the Client, which can join the Valintataloissa, Siwoissa and Euromarketeissa.
We are currently gathering information about the product or tuoteryhmätasoista, stick with the level of the grand total for the receipt.
In other words, we know where the trade of the purchases were made and I, on the day of the client, as well as the grand total for the receipt.
We have not gone to the level than the K-group or S-Group, says commercial director Spike Ora.
He said that the position of the asiakasohjelmaa is expected to continue to reform, but the Convenience store says on the matter at a later date.
Ora does not, however, promises that the product information on the register.
First, experiment
SOK's asiakasomistaja- and asiakasrekisteri has been in the past in a relatively wide.
Perustietoihin have been part of cars and osoitetietojen, but also to the profession, education and training, as well as the children asumismuoto syntymävuodet and the personal data of the past.
In the same people who are part of the economy and their role has been registered.
The S-Etukorttiostosta ostopäivä is stored, the place and time of manufacture, the grand total for shopping and the method of payment.
In addition, the S-bonuskumppaneiden information has been their kassajärjestelmistä.
In May, from the beginning of the deposit tuotetason ostotietoja Sokos- and the start of the Emotion.
Instead, the S-supermarkets, Prismoissa, Kodin Terroissa and the ABC of data will be recorded in tuoteryhmätasolla so far.
Asiakkailta has for a long time to come, in the hopes that more could be attributed to the marketing of SOK, says the head of the asiakasomistaja- and partneritoiminnan Marjaana Saarikoski.
On behalf of the S Group says tiedottavansa change to their customers.
These will be able to ban the use of the information policy of product marketing.
The data, however, the contact is duly recorded kassoilla and, in any case, wanted it or not.
Talletetut Halukas can check their knowledge of the S-Group's website.
For example, the funds will not be able to access to information, to stress Saarikoski.
Video: Heila-pentu is the newest Paperless - will be the first räjähdekoira pennusta koiravahvistus
Black labradorinnoutajan pentu nuuhkii vigorously five similar lines in the country in the box at Helsinki airport.
It will not be long before, when it sits firmly in his middle box.
Tullitarkastaja Calvin Sacristan rewards Heila-leikittämässä suosikkilelun it with your dog.
Laatikosta, which sat beside Heila, it was revealed purkillinen ruutikaasulle tuoksahtavia scattered with empty shell cases.
Ruutikaasu is the first of the smell, what with the Heilan has now drilled, says Sacristan Heila, the owner of the dog.
The security situation and the online shopping blocking
The Heila is the first of the arms and räjähdeaineiden specialises in the search for the dog and it is located to the work of the Helsinki-Vantaa airport next year.
There may refer the Heilan Suntion and, if necessary, but also for other rajanylityspaikoille and ports.
Airport will, however, be the Heilan main job, because the international security situation has changed in Europe because of the number of serious terrorist attacks.
In the Paris and Brussels attacks caused Tullissa measures and controls in the wake of the attacks have been confirmed, says Paperless ylitarkastaja Mikko Grönberg.
Another one of the main tasks of the Paperless räjähdekoiran the arms and training are in Helsinki-Vantaa pass through the mail.
Kasvaneen internetkaupan will pass through the airport each year, up to 40 million postilähetystä, some of which may be abroad order asetarvikkeita and räjähdeaineita.
Customs has done in the last few years that govern shopping at Helsinki airport luggage in air cargo and passenger aircraft, from a shortlist of around 300 weapons, ammunition and firearms parts of räjähdeaineisiin, as well as in the framework of their discovery.
Heila will work in different parts of the Helsinki-Vantaata.
It will explore the in the luggage and postilähetyksiä.
There is a big advantage in the future, when it will be able to go through the big konttialueita and merkata regions, who are calling for more research, says Grönberg.
On the performance of the Customs estimates the Heilan koulutetaanko arms and räjähdekoiria more in the future.
Grönberg looks forward to the idea of.
Kirkkonummella School
Heila-pennun training is coordinated by the Customs Kirkkonummella koirakoulun.
Sacristan is also the Heilan kouluttautumassa If there with the police and experts.
The police have strong experience and expertise of the training of dogs Puolustusvoimilla räjähdeaineista.
Customs will decide together with other authorities to what is taught to identify Heila odours.
Heilaa jatkokoulutetaan always according to need, says Grönberg.
Heilan colleagues in Helsinki-Vantaa, Finland, as well as six sniffer dogs are Paperless monetary and Detection dog Massi.
Labrador Retriever Heila has been elected ten koiranpennun pentueesta.
Lentokentälle complaining about dog I include reippaus and metsästysvietti as well as the calmness, because the dog is dealing with weapons, explosives and with it.
Suntion Heila is living in the home tullitarkastajalle työkaveri, but also a close family member.
No is not without Heilaa not at home, the Sacristan naurahtaa.
Hienovaraiset Heilalle kertalaakista orders to go home.
Evening-Sanomien loses a cameraman for the camera, but for each Heila pehmeältä lelulta for the judge to return as soon as the "from" -käskystä.
Työkoirista tough competition
Heilan alkukoulutus will be completed in the next year.
There is still tasokokeita, the next in October, which will be assessed whether there is sufficient training in demanding jobs.
Heilan jobs can be seen in Helsinki-Vantaa, Finland next year, if all goes according to plan.
Passengers are, unfortunately, can become a silittämään työliivit spot the dog, to remind the Sacristan.
One työkoiran costs are customs about 60000-70000 euro per year.
Their working age will increase by around seven to eight years, up to ten, after which they will retire the bosom of their owner.
Hardly can be for very long, eight to 10 hours, but the active työosuudet will last just ten minutes to a couple of hours.
Työkoirien the owner or proprietor Tullissa is a tough competition.
The owner or proprietor Heilan applied for about 20-30 Customs employees.
Luck hit Suntion lap, which does not have, in the past, been työkoiraa, but he has years of experience as well as the dogs Tullissa supervisory tasks.
Minivaltio received the first olympiamitalinsa - the people get the holiday
Less than a million inhabitants olympiakulta Fijian rugby is valued in the country is so high that the government has imposed on August 22 days as a national vapaapäiväksi.
According to the broadcaster, the country's government confirmed mastery over the matter is resolved.
Vapaapäivä is considered to be the team to return home the next day.
Sankarijoukkueelle is also going to be ceremonies in their home country.
The Fijian rugbyjoukkue mestaruutta celebrated.
The Guardian says that the country followed finaalia Suvalla in the capital, where the stadium was erected screeni.
Normally, only natiivit Fijians are interested in rugbysta, but this game were united by a multicultural society.
Even kiinalaisravintoloissa katseltiin game, I heard their encouragement, said the Fiji Times journalist Maikele Seru Guardianille.
In Rio - Draamaa suomalaisnostaja pyörtyi after an awful performance
Milko Painonnnostaja Tokola managed the last yrityksellään 175 kg after a hard fight.
Tokolalla nostajaksi is a strange and life-threatening feature.
In tough nostojen during or immediately after he has many times collapsed.
No one really has not been able to say that, why.
In Rio työnnöstä Tokola was the result of 175 kilos and tempauksesta 145 kilograms.
His yhteistuloksensa was 320 kilograms.
Tokola tried to get työntönsä viimeisellään 175 kilos, as well as the toisellaan.
In the third company weights rose fiercely karjumisen säestämänä.
Kroppa vapisi painojen until, on the eve of the jury accepted the peat.
Suomalaisnostajan säesti the joy, the fact that he has suffered polviongelmista.
RoPS acquired virolaishyökkääjä Prosan - the Veikkausliiga - the Ilta Sanomat
Men's Football League pelaava Rovaniemi TPS is done at the end of the period of sustainable agreement with virolaishyökkääjä Albert Prosan.
We are looking for joukkueeseemme kärkipelaajaa, which has the powers which derive under that threshold and come to Finland and Rovaniemelle is small.
We had more than ten players' agent through with more than 50 players from different parts of the world.
Pikkuhiljaa began as a good alternative to the resignation of Prosa, RoPSin the coach Juha Malinen told the note.
Prosa, 25, arrives at the RoPSiin tallinnalaisesta Florasta, where he made 109 games by a total of 51 goals.
He has also played for the Estonian national team.
Prosan is expected to be involved in the already on Saturday RoPSin Seinäjoella rovaniemeläiset where, in the face of the ruling of the Finnish master SJK: No.
The need for a new RoPSille became the aggressor, when the last season maalikuningas Aleksandr Kokko moved to Australia.
Modern Family Uhkea -tähti for once teinitähden shortsit reveal almost everything:
Modern Family -komediasarjan kilttinä Dunphyna Alex has become familiar with the presentation of the Ariel Winter räväyttää once again uhkeaa vartaloaan.
Winter Hollywoodissa described this week minishortseissa who do not leave much to the imagination.
Shortsit revealed not only the marks of the actor's feet, too.
18-year-old Winter has recently attracted attention by changing the indulgent manner and their behaviour in any more audacious.
Star poseerannut is the social media pictures published by the very tight clothing and many more.
The young woman has also been seen dress in a very meagre asuihin.
On the eve of the Aikuisuuden the Winter has also recently published a series of photos of themselves celebrating.
If the image does not appear, you can watch it here.
Earlier this summer, according to the experts, the Fox News asked why the Winter image has changed so radically.
Then PowerwomenTV's founder and CEO Amy Palmer questioned Winterillä that is ongoing, "a typical Hollywood metamorphosis lapsitähdestä adulthood."
He has been on television for nearly their entire lives and increased Kardashianeiden era.
He has learned that the more seems to reveal the icing on the cake, the more publicity and attention Hollywoodissa not, Palmer says Fox Newsille and the more that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen countless times before.
Winter began in Modern Family olessaan only 11 years old.
Actor is part of a burgeoning commercialisation of the long-term faneistaan imagomuutoksellaan.
It is not hard to guess where he is 10 years' time, when the decline is now around the hard, says one of the woman in the Winter Instagramissa.
Some of the woman faneista instead defends näyttelijää and urges not to ignore the criticism.
You look upealta!
Just the same what others have to say.
You are an inspiration for many women, hehkuttaa a young woman.
The Japanese want the Scandinavian countries, preferably in Finland - attracting tourists revontulilla: Syksyisin it is possible to see the Aurora satumainen Mirror
The campaign is intended to attract the Japanese people to start revontulimatkat already in the early autumn, Visit Finland says.
Japanese revontulimatkailun pääkohteina are the Inari and Levi.
Aurora are talvimatkailumme trump cards, and they are linked to a strong sydäntalveen and lumisiin landscapes.
Lapland talvisilla revontulimatkoilla is very much in demand, but we are now trying to increase the number of journeys in the autumn.
Few people know that revontulisesonki is already starting early autumn and will continue well into the spring.
Syksyisin it is possible to see the so-called Mirror Aurora, where the lake surface reflects the Aurora, making a spectacle of I told our fantastically, says the note Visit Finlandin Acting markkinointipäällikkö Anne Lind.
Visit Finlandin revontulikampanjan pääkohderyhmää are wealthy between the ages of 25 and 35, who live in the city japanilaisnaiset who dream of tourism and new experiences.
They are already interested in Finland, its nature and designista.
Total lured to Finland, among other things, the online advertising.
Aalto University of Turku and Tokyo, as well as universities, according to a survey carried out by researchers in Finland is an exceptionally strong and positive maakuva among the Japanese compared to the other Nordic countries.
The Japanese, however, would like to clarify the unique sites from Finland, and this revontulilla is Lindin, according to the enormous potential.
Japanilaismatkailijoiden overnight stays in Finland, the other Nordic countries have grown more clearly.
Last year, they yöpyivät Relative over more than in Finland, Sweden, Denmark or Norway.
The Japanese are an attractive target for tourism in Finnish, because they were used by more than 80 million euros in Finland.
On average, the Japanese used in Finland 183 euros per day, Lind says.
Britain is organised by the presiding over the gold rugbyhopeaan Fidin mestarikurssin
Britain's impressive progress rugbyturnauksessa collapsed in Fiji to present a challenge to the very last Thursday night's Final, when the team went through 43-7 murskatappion Deodoron in the stadium here in Rio.
Fiji held mestarikurssin reading, puruissa, väistöissä, tukipelissä, juoksulinjoissa and voittaessaan in the transfer of gold - their first olympiamitalinsa.
Tappion became involved in reasonable comfort hopeamitalista - Britain's third - and they had to be proud of the hard work of the Olympic rugby aloitusturnauksessa, in which they won the New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier on the same day pelatun semifinaalin a 7-5 victory over South Africa could affect them in the Final.
But, despite this, Fidi would be in this condition won even though 15 huippukuntoisen the spirit of the team.
Great Britain can perhaps - but probably not - take comfort in the fact that at least one britillä is tomorrow, wears the gold medal: Fidin päävalmentaja is Ben Ryan, the former England boss Wimbledonista.
Great Britain has been quite a way to go.
Eight years ago, they have lost every game valmentamana Ryan turnauksessa Adelaide.
Here, they have lost only one.
That Erotic Spanking hurts, but the development is striking.
Fidi started well, keeping the British taklauksia for the fun of it.
Captain Tom Mitchell joukkueineen it was as if they had been working on the mobile buses, and maailmanmestarit led to the 5-0 after Osea Kolinisau crashed kulmauksessa maalialueelle.
When he was four minutes, Jerry Tuwain the second Touchdown maalipotkuun led to the right by.
The 12-0, and Great Britain was barely covered the balloon.
Mitchell's brilliant taklaus was stopped by a man-mountain Leone Nakarawan from the third goal, but it was Fidille just used as a delaying tactic.
Seven minutes Jasa Veremalua made a goal in the right corner, and Great Britain was 17-32.2.282.23 losing out.
Nakarawa did once again, the mark of a new start, and he was still more than a minute left in the first half. We....
Since then, Vatemo Ravouvou crashed through the Great British löysistä taklauksista ryntäsi and the Federal Reserve to make a mark.
Maalipotkun tauolle if you dig, the situation was 29-0.
It just seems to me than Fidi rugbya would be born to play, while Great Britain only opetteli game.
And that is how it really is.
Great Britain made wholesale changes to put on pause, blocking Fidin dam... the whole four minutes, which was the first puoliaikaan compared with Josua Tuisova did well, until the goal after an impressive syöttöpelin Fidin.
Dan Norton nappasi Great Britain a goal and, in doing so, touchdownin kulmauksessa kaventaen and on the edge of the numbers of 36-7, but the game had long been lost Etelämeren saarelaisille, whose supporters, who were waving flags and danced katsomoissa.
It was difficult to be commands admiration Fidin riemukasta approach.
Viliame Mata was at the last minute maalillaan kuorrutus Fidin kakussa kuorrutusta, which is not needed.
Pilliin vihellettiin fidiläiset, halasivat and Great Britain fell nurmelle, full of iron.
Earlier the same day Fidi had left Japan semifinaalissa 20-5, and Great Britain won the South African tight semifinaalissa, where each took one of the goal - the British maalipotku settled the game.
South Africa's Kyle Brown took the lead in the first half, but Dan Norton exceeded maalialueen häikäisevällä jalkatyöllä maalipylväiden and made a goal less than in the second half.
The late taklaus Marcus Watson, England's 15-aside-rugby without Anthony, secured victory and eventually hopeamitalin.
Valmentajan the fight against cancer gave impetus to Helen Glover and Heather Stanningin soutuvoittoon
In these games the appalling is not going to be the feelings of gold, and it really means something.
On the first vedosta the last, 220 tough kiskaisua towards the history books, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found right from the golden Estacio da Lagoalla a deeper meaning.
Although they soutivat up to us, the boat had three votes. The coach Robin Williams, an echo of the presence of all the time, when the second subsequent Dual kiisi olympiakultaansa parikilpailussa women - the first British women in the sport's history books, which amount to do that achievement.
Their regarding was perfect, and this was their That voittamattomina appearance, which is also a record.
This is what we see on the surface, the two superb athletes liitämässä joutsenen sulokkuudella, does not fully reflect the nature of the victory.
Each soutukullan in the background is a group of generous käsipareja which contribute to gradually to those things that make a difference. And käsipari none have been as vital as the coach, who is 30 months ago syöpädiagnoosin after eläisikö he did not know until today.
As he said, the situation was very close.
I had cancer, virtsarakon leikattavissa, which is one of the issues, and they carried out the surgery.
If they are not cut, it is spreading everywhere.
The situation could have been a pretty bad.
It will change a little bit ajattelutapaasi.
Williams received the diagnosis in December 2013.
Kolmikko was fortunate that his treatment was able to start at the beginning of 2014, when they were outside the period of as little as possible disruption - if it can never used the term in these kinds of situations.
I had to get paid, so I had to get better quickly.
It encouraged me.
I was in the hospital and walked into around the department - 20, 30, 50 legs at a time when, they said, a step that would be enough.
So it began.
Soutaminen itself is the way to go, but it makes it a little bit bigger.
Immediately after the victory in the first couple of thoughts was Williams, who had been nervous in the morning, and he had spoken to a little more than usual to try to deal with their own hermostustaan.
Stanning, Afghanistan on the royal artillery rykmentistä experienced captain, said: "I have been tunneraunio this week, which may be a bit of an overreaction, but it means so much to me."
It underlines just how important this is to me, how much I and Helen, and Robin, also, we have been working on.
The last three years have been Helenin and Robin with the mighty.
Without Robinia we would not have any, so it is a big thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not imagine a better harjoittelukumppania or better valmentajaa.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning has not lost the competition for five years.
A couple of set tough sequence, in which their competitors do not.
Even in the last 500 metrilläkin when New Zealand and the Danish teams began to approach, Stanningilla and Gloverilla was too much energy in reserve.
We were very caught in an instant.
Helen cried "to keep the process, to keep up with the process."
It is really important to keep control.
We had a good start, and at the same time, have tried to do anything special.
We have been looking for firework parties today, we are just trying to overcome the good soutuun and the contest, and that is what we did.
A couple of wait for a year before deciding on its future.
Glover will take part in the next month, weddings, when she gets married on the TV with the Explorer Steve Backshallin.
Right now, he wants to just enjoy the moment.
"I did not want to say that this would be the last kilpailuni.
It would put too much pressure on.
The London, it took about six months to realise that I was our Olympic winner.
Everything was so new and I was so stressed-out.
Here, it lasted for about four minutes.
This seems to be so much better, "he said.
Iceland to exchange the Panama Papers leaks ryvettämän the government
Iceland to hold early parliamentary elections in October, in which the Panama Papers tietovuotojen raivostuttamat demonstrators are already in the spring.
The so-called the Panama papers revealed several islantilaispoliitikkojen kiertäneen taxes through the use of tax havens.
The Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugssonin resigned as a result of the scandal, but it was not enough the demonstrators.
His successor, Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson, promised at the time to hold a new parliamentary elections in the autumn.
Vaalipäiväksi has now been decided the October 29.
Analyytikoiden says that it is difficult to predict how much people will have an impact on the outcome of the elections in the autumn of last spring the fury.
In June, the criticism against those in power in the presidential election was clear, and the election of President Gudni Johannesson stood as a candidate from outside of politics.
Trump has said that he had been sarcastic Obama - Islamic State claiming
The US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump withdrew the latest kohupuheitaan.
He said that he had been sarcastic, claiming that the incumbent President Barack Obama would be the terrorist organisation, the founder of the Islamic State and demokraattiehdokas Hillary Clintonkin complicit in the setting up of the organisation.
Demokraattipuolue raivostui Trumpilta the speeches and demanded an apology.
The army ylipäälliköksi should never be allowed to anyone who can sink down around, Clinton tviittasi.
In the South of France, the Mayor of Cannes has banned Muslim favours their hides the use of the burkini uimapuvun brittilehti, among other things, the beaches, tells the Guardian.
Mayor David Lisnardin signed by the ruling states that the beaches and swimming is banned in all, which is not a good way of secularism and respectful of the bathing costume.
It also says that the swimming you are residing in expansively, who express their religious links, can increase the risk of järjestyshäiriöiden in France, which has been the target of terrorist attacks.
In July, in the middle of the 85 people were killed and hundreds injured in Nice, when the 31-year-old man drove to the French national day juhlineeseen into the crowd.
At the end of July, the two-extremist organisation Isisiin man attacked a church in northern France, killing more than 80-year-old priest.
The Oulu Region of the quality of bathing water has passed the test - Pyykösjärvellä sinileväsamentumaa
The Oulu Region official sites vesinäytteet uimavedelle meet the quality standards.
Only Pyykösjärven at sinileväsamentumaa has been detected.
The Oulu Region ympäristötoimi took over the course of Tuesday and Wednesday vesinäytteet the Oulu Region in the region from nine EU shores and 30 other general uimarannalta.
Meriniemen beach, with the exception of all the beaches and bathing water E.coli- suolistoperäisten enterokokkibakteerien concentrations below the Social Affairs and the Department of Health regulations toimenpiderajat.
Meriniemen bathing water E.coli- and enterokokkipitoisuudet was secured on Wednesday, when reviewing bakteeripitoisuudet had fallen below.
Pyykösjärven recorded at sinileväsamentuma is not yet doing water uintikelvotonta, but in the right circumstances, the situation can change quickly, which consists of a sinivihreää sinileväkukinnaksi vedenpintaan levämassaa lauttoina.
Tihennetyin Ympäristötoimi is following the situation of inspections.
If sinileväsamentuma sinileväkukinnaksi is changing, the matter will be informed separately, but also on the bathing.
See uimavesinäytteiden the results here.
MTK's Hakkarainen metsälahjavähennyksestä: More than 80% of the outside of the metsänomistajista
Metsälahjavähennys veromuutos is one of the Ministry of Finance of next year's budget proposal.
Tuloverolakiin proposes a tax reduction on, which would be granted on the basis of a generational metsätilan gift taxes.
A draft metsälahjavähennyksellä has four objectives: to promote metsätilojen sukupolvenvaihdoksia, making the owners of the age structure in metsätilakokoa, educate, and to increase the supply of wood.
The tariff is aimed at promoting yrittäjämäistä the forestry sector.
Metsänomistaja would make the cut of the forestry clean pääomatulosta.
In general, however, the idea that there is such a tool, which promotes metsätilojen sukupolvenvaihdoksia, is a good, commented on the Agricultural and Forest Farmers Union (MTK) metsäjohtaja Juha Hakkarainen.
Hakkarainen, however, to find the criticism veromuutosesityksestä.
Metsälahjavähennystä sets out the task of forest owner pääomatulosta clean.
It is pääomatuloa, which has been reduced by all the other cuts away.
MTK's Hakkaraisen and believes that the impact would be greater if the tax cut could be made directly to the wood 'sales revenue.
VM: the proposal based on the view through the reduction of the forestry clean pääomatulosta to prevent it, and that it should be on the basis of the forestry pääomatulon defeat, which should reduce aid by other taxation.
Such a person should not be verohyödyn, although not myisikään wood.
Laskentamalli is unnecessarily complicated.
The average forest owner is not in a position to tell it, Hakkarainen says.
In addition, the model, he says, is only a small part of the metsänomistajista.
The tuottoarvoon tied to the tax threshold is the motion of 40 000 EUR.
It has been Hakkaraisen believes that is too high.
In itself, it will eliminate, in his words, 82% of Finns metsänomistajista away from the reduction.
The impact of which would be around 10% of the metsäomistajakunnasta, he says.
VM: the limit is a guarantee of the farm size, it is considered that an increase in the target.
Metsäpolitiikassa metsälahjavähennystä veivattu Hakkaraisen has, for decades.
It underlying metsänomistajakunnan is the ageing of the population.
MTK, according to the owners of the average age is, at the moment, more than 60 years, and metsänomistajista around half are pensioners.
A strong raekuuro has surprised motorists Himangalla - ojaan and sank two cars collided
There was a strange Kalajoen Himangalla peräänajo on Friday morning.
Pelastuslaitoksen two in a row, according to the car was engulfed ojaan, which came in the wake of the above has been behind after the collision.
Päivystävän palomestarin ojaan suistumisen Pyyhtiän Harri, according to the suspected due to the strong raekuurosta.
Gone ajaneessa was one of two people in the car, both of which were transported to a hospital for treatment.
Their vammoistaan there is no more accurate information.
Above has been the driver of the car was not injured.
The accident occurred at 8 Himangalta valtatiellä Kalajoelle a few kilometres away.
Suomalaistutkimus can help to improve the effectiveness of treating cancer
The Turku University researchers in a recent study can help to develop cancer-specific treatment more effective.
Akatemiaprofessori Johanna Ivaskan inquiry's findings show that the cancer from hardness increases cancer pahanlaatuisuutta.
Many of the human tissues, such as rintakudos are very soft, and tissue cells grow, as usual, in such an environment.
Ivaskan according to the growth of the cancer, it was possible to prevent cancer in laboratory conditions, evoking the surrounding tissues to respond to normal, the soft tissue.
In the future, may be able to improve the effectiveness of cancer lääkehoitojen syöpäsolujen, focusing on the management in addition to the interaction between cells and the surrounding tissue.
The results of the study have been published on 4 August, Professor in the prestigious Nature Communications in magazine.
Muhos perhekotisurman Threshing continues at the Court, the prosecutor is demanding, but also to the other pathogens murhatuomiota
Muhos perhekotisurman Threshing continues for both of those convicted.
Two young men were sentenced to prison in June Muhoksella the perhekotisurmasta.
The second was 8 years, 4 months, among other things, as a young person who made the killing and outrageous robbery.
The second sentence of 12 years in prison for the murder of a young person and outrageous robbery.
Taposta the judgment was also convicted of endangering the safety of a young person, and as a young person ’ s right to consider.
Käräjäoikeuden appealed against the judgment, the prosecutor, asianomistajat and the more the convicted man.
The prosecutor is calling for a reduced sentence of a man to stand trial for the murder of a young person to 12 years' imprisonment.
At the time were with full knowledge of the
According to the age of 17 Käräjäoikeuden koulukodin lastensuojeluyksikön the tutor two killed a man who has worked in July last year.
Murhatuomion received a 17-year-old attacked the ruling, according to the explanatory statement from olohuoneen sohvalla a director.
The director had managed to escape from the grip of the young huoneeseensa taluttanut and, when another young beat him imurinputkella.
Ohjaajaa including, among other things, under the leadership of kuristettiin, punched and kicked him to the head.
According to the Mielentilatutkimuksen with full knowledge of the two convicted were at the time.
The right says that young people were planned flight perhekodista at least on the previous day.
Jäähai pitkäikäisin selkärankainen is in the world, is growing at the age of only 156
World, the longest eläväksi selkärankaiseksi jäähai has been confirmed, according to a study published in the journal Science.
In the northern part of the Atlantic, such as Greenland uiskenteleva jäähai around Greenland shark, in other words, can live up to the age of about 400.
Female is only 156 years of age.
Jäähain life expectancy increases, the fact that it will grow by only centimetres per year.
Only one of the increase is known to live jäähaita for longer.
Researchers led by age radiohiiliajoituksella out.
In the 1950s, as a result of the nuclear tests in some haissa was radioactive residues.
The researchers were able to assess the sharks on the basis of age.
Vanhimman rout of estimated 392 years - albeit thrown in one direction or another can be up to 120 years.
Donald Trump talousviisaana - the People's News
Donald Trumpin America does the rest of the world does not need.
Up to a third of the state of all tax revenue would be left without, if Donald Trumpin yritysveroon will be carried out by the change.
Revenue would also benefit the richest, in particular, as a result of the tax relief.
Trump has described the tax-its revolutionary presenting it on Monday in Detroit.
Fall in corporation tax from 35% to 15%.
Keräämättä would be a huge amount of 1 000 billion dollars a year.
The Supreme tuloveroprosentti is now 39.6 Trumpin, presented by following the reduction of 33.
Perintöverosta to be abandoned.
Trump has accused the state of excessive regulation of the industry and small businesses out of bankruptcy.
Hätiköiden is to be decided on environmental and energy regulation to be dismantled.
Barack Obama's terveydenhuoltouudistus will have to take a new reading.
Administration will have to appoint a "experts, rather than bureaucrats."
"Destructive" Trumpin trade policy is one of the main causes of the problems, according to the United States.
Vapaakauppasopimuksista sanouduttaisiin from.
Tuonnille China mätkäistäisiin 45% and 35% on Mexican rangaistusvero.
We are offering a new future.
Amerikkalaisuus, not globalisation, is uskontunnustuksemme, Trump declared.
Donald Trumpin America does the rest of the world does not need to:
The Americans will drive the cars on the streets, the American planes to link the towns and cities, the American ships to monitor the seas, the American steel to increase throughout the country with new skyscrapers.
Tavoistaan unlike Trump read through a speech written by the faithful assistants, in spite of the fact that a well organised protests interrupted its 14 times.
Economists - is also close to the heart of Republicans - see Trumpin programme to take the United States into a deep economic recession.
Hillary Clinton unveiled its own programme of the Finnish time early on Friday.
The tsunami from the past - the People's News
The sea myllertää dramatic, but the actual tsunami hits in the middle of Madrid katuvilinää - to justify its actions with the past can begin.
That, in a nutshell, Pedro Almodóvarin innovation at the heart of the story.
The previous ohjaustyö Almodovarin Matkarakastajat (2013) was pikkuhauska and ronskinpuoleinen a satirical comedy, its predecessor, The Skin I Live In (2011) espanjalaistaiturin career tips.
Tasollisesti Julieta (2016), lies somewhere in between those two copies.
It is the human relations and sovinnaisen seesteinen rakkaus- perhedraama, which is at the heart of the relationship between mother and daughter.
The story is simppeli and is seen as very much a long takaumana.
Life seems to be the model in the middle-age nimihenkilön (Emma Soares), but then all is a threat to the collapsing.
Satunnaisen in the aftermath of the meeting of the new miesystävä (Dario Grandinetti) should not be always amazed at the film loppumetreille until now.
Takauman and for a long time in their lives, in the form of a letter to the Julieta kasvaneelle up stages of her daughter.
He will start the time before the birth of daughter, the moments when we met this future father (Daniel Grao).
At the same time, another naispääosaan Julietaa will rise as a young teacher performing Adraina Ugarte, TV series of the time between the familiar Ommelten (2013-2014).
Julietan ageing of the population has been conducted in a way that can be considered to be kökkönä but, personally, I would say that time veikeästi and kertapyyhkäisyllä literally.
Almodóvar-filmeille often so tunnusomaiseen räiskyvyyteen always humour, Julietassa is a fair distance.
It is tasavahvasti näytelty, restrained, and, in places, with good music and quite surumielinen the film, which is an element in the form of elegiaan.
Instead of a typical visual espanjalaisohjaajalle värikylläisyys is still, and in such a way that it will begin to slowly stands out more than a pure ardent adherent draamallisena officer.
The film people hit the illnesses, deaths or otherwise, only the sudden losses, but the area remains one of the koreana.
This is especially true in the case of change: nimihenkilön puvustukseen kohtauksesta you are residing in the second, and the same is true for apparently identical korviksiin.
Almodóvar in these matters is accurate, but the main thing, in other words, a current viritelmät does this not improve.
Mekaanisesti repetitive nature is the impression ulkokohtainen and a little uninspiring.
Almodóvar has made the script Nobelilla 2013, Canadian literature prize winner Alice Munron novellin on the basis of the three.
Novellit Karkulainen: There has been published in the '.
Almodóvar has invested in the dialogue, the result is a little bit tasapaksun written kirjallisuusfilmatisointi.
Aineksia would have been emotionally incomparably jykevämpäänkin drama, the big issues - especially the gnawing guilt - leffan tematiikka is dealing with.
GUIDANCE and the script: Pedro Almodóvar.
Based on Alice Munron three novelliin.
Pääosissa: Emma Soares, Adriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandinetti.
The film is the next evening 12.8.
The government is trying to vaalikikkaa - People's News
The new cuts will not do, keep telling ministers, so that the Finns Party are not totally collapse.
In the spring, decided, however, will be a raft of cuts.
The new cuts will not be.
For the four billion in savings are sufficient.
This can convince the Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (kesk.) and Finance Minister Petteri Orphan (Kok.) budjettiriihen below.
Yes, in the sense that the VM's proposal is not the new cuts, because of the cuts in social security has already been decided kehysriihessä in the spring.
Lapsilisää, kansaneläkettä, unemployment protection, and almost all the other kansaneläkeindeksiin bound to the benefits will be cut by 0.85 per cent.
Ansiosidonnaisen will be shortened the duration of unemployment support from 400 to 500.
Koulutusleikkaukset continue.
Kuntavaalit haunt the
Why are ministers so quick to highlight is the fact that these on top of that does not make further cuts?
Since the next year is an election year.
Kuntavaalit will be held in April, and they are the most important of the legislature, the thermometer, not gallupit.
Ennenkin we have seen that the governing parties in different directions-consuming kuntavaalitulos discredits the government set the tone for a long time.
Gallupit, however, indicate that the ruling party perussuomalaisia rökäletappio to wait for the outcome of the election, even though its previous eduskuntavaaleihin was modest compared to 12.3%.
Finns Party won four years ago, 752 new councillors, including for a large number of illnesses in the spring of next year oikeistohallituksessa influence on the price.
Three more or less as a major party in the government's lifeline depends on it, that the Finns kantti lasts.
Now it is not taken, but more than half of those who voted for a party had enough of the hallituspolitiikasta already in the first year.
The first signs of the party also eduskuntaryhmän käymistilasta have come to the surface.
The new cuts will not -retoriikalla, first of all, obscures the fact that next year there will be a smokescreen to perussuomalaisia and, secondly, to try to soften the blow.
Suurleikkaukset in the year 2018?
At the time, all of this is likely to be different - Sipilän if the government is still standing.
The government has set itself a target of indebtedness taittumisen during this parliamentary term, but Petteri Orpon debt in the next year's draft budget will be EUR 5.9 billion, more than this year.
After Kuntavaalien the government has two options.
The first is to raise their hands in the air, already in the middle of the legislature, and admits that the government will not be able to comply with its own agenda: It is not taitu or even slowed down.
The second is to stick to the programme.
It means the former on a new even harsher cuts in the 2017 budjettiriihessä.
Budget runnottaisiin at least close to the balance of the year, during the spring of 2018 and then against the Parliament this will be what it will be.
These measures debt is not taitu
It is quite clear that the current measures in place, even if the debt is not taitu Juha Sipilä how to try to stir up the positive mood.
Secretary of State, Martti Hetemäen tiedostustilaisuudessa budget presented by those are evidence of its vastaansanomattomasti:
Global economic growth prospects have repeatedly proved ylioptimistisiksi, in other words, is not going to be leading the international economy.
Finland's economy is not just risen in 2008 after the collapse of the face, not only on a temporary basis in 2010, at the beginning of the 21st century of stimulating policy at the time.
Unemployment has increased by 35% in the last decade and dragged on for an average of 34 to 54 weeks.
Unemployment is now paying the price for three billion euros a year more than in 2008.
Hetemäen esittelemillä käyrillä the government debt, which exceeded 60% threshold in 2014, will rise to 70% by the middle of the next decade.
What is responsible?
In the spring of 2015, presented by vasemmistoliiton velkaelvytys was rejected because it was deemed to be irresponsible.
Next year, unemployment in the maintenance costs of around six billion euros, which will be covered by the new debt through the practice altogether.
This is in the centre of the Moderate, Finns and the perception of what is responsible.
The survey: Municipalities wants to leave a lot of tasks
Three of the four believes that the childcare, youth and the organisation of physical activity are the responsibility of the local authority, it turns out - Kaks Kunnallisalan Conditions survey.
The vast majority of the population is shifting the responsibility for the individual, but also to the municipality of the libraries, cultural, kansalaisopistoista, rakennusvalvonnasta, lukiokoulutuksesta, and waste management.
The county's responsibility, for its part, is to be the most maakuntakaavoitus, specialised care, vocational education and training, the institutionalisation ammattikorkeakoulut and the mentally ill.
None of the municipal järjestysvastuulla tasks are not to be transferred to the state.
Minor rattijuoppo ran it in the police escape at the end of a
Joensuulainen 16-year-old ride drove away in Joensuu, Finland poliisipartiota Ilomantsintiellä perjantaiyönä half a one time.
Poliisipartio tried to stop without lights to a motorbike, but the young man went to police officers to escape the fair for speeding.
The Sonkajanrannantielle continued to drive, which still Sorronahontielle and a smaller metsätielle, where a motorcycle, which got out of the way.
Even after this young man was running away, but the police ran nopeajalkaisempi, stick to it.
Kuljettajalle made the breathalyser test can showed 0.75 mg.
He did not have a driving licence, which would have legalised driving on a motorcycle.
The case is being investigated, among other things, as an aggravated vaarantamisena road safety.
Kivilastissa had a lorry overturned on the ojaan
Kivilastissa ojaan Polvijärvellä Kaavintiellä the lorry had overturned on Thursday evening at 9.15 p.m. time.
The truck was found itself left out of the way and fallen kaartuvassa mutkassa kyljelleen ojaan.
Services authority raised the injured the driver out through the door to the rest of the above kaatuneesta rekasta pelastushelikopterin ensihoitajien and, together with the staff.
The vehicle was left with the task of raising the owner of the car.
Kaatuneesta rekasta hydrauliöljyä which leaked into the path of pelastuslaitos imeytti turpeeseen.
Police is investigating the cause of the accident.
The woman disappeared in the afternoon Ilmajoella Iäkäs
87 year old woman who has been missing until the afternoon Ilmajoen Lahdenkylässä in the South.
The police are looking for approximately 165 cm long, slim and hyväryhtistä women, which is below the range from a shattered jaw white hair.
The findings and references to have disappeared movements are being asked to ring Ostrobothnia SitCen vihjenumeroon 0295440513.
Suuronnettomuuden ingredients in the air - see the devastation of the kuvagalleria Parafestin
The tents Parafest-festivals which deposed Downburst caused massive destruction.
Joensuu Parafestyhdistyksen President Arto Black pepper estimates that the festival will be able to get back on their feet financially, and the event to be held next year too.
Parafestin the last personality Kalle Salonen appeared at the end of the Friday night torilavalla.
On Saturday the programme will continue kaupunginteatterin paves the way for resumption of the premises of 13: 00 onwards.
Taidekeskus Ahjossa is Parafest-exhibition at the 13-15.
The programme will take place as planned.
Downburst ukkospilvessä arise when rainwater and its weight to launch ilmavirtauksen to fall.
Ukkospilven water-state changes are binding on the heat, and, therefore, falling Air mass will get cooler and its momentum towards the country is accelerating.
Vlaamse Instelling entity are told that there are a number of syöksyvirtauksia in Finland during the summer.
Syöksyvirtausten route, it is difficult to predict.
Downburst Parafestin to Taidemuseon Joensuu hit the scene in their backyard on Friday afternoon, before the end of the five.
Three of the tents fell down, in tents had a total of around 200 people.
It was hurt themselves, to put it mildly, four people.
There was one of the child, who was carrying injuries jatkohoitoon to put it mildly.
Air pollution of London vanhentavat
According to the study, London skin is ageing faster than usual.
The reason for the ageing of the skin are air pollution.
Brittitutkimuksesta is telling the Evening Standard.
The British ihonhoitoyritys Caci's analysis of the London without myrkyllisimmät particles and their effects on the skin.
The results show that many eläkeikäisen London skin is two and a half years older than, for example, in the rural areas asuttavan ikätoverin.
Ihoa vanhentavat tiny particles are very nice pölysaastetta, who is from the transport fuels.
The same particles also cause respiratory problems, which will die, according to the Evening Standard, almost 9 500 lontoolaista every year.
Studies have found that the particles are small enough to undergo skin uloimman layer.
Cacin study found that early ageing is a risk, particularly for those who travel on foot from työmatkansa in the vicinity of the congested streets.
London residents will be able to try to protect themselves against atmospheric pollution, for example, through various naamioilla, but practical solution recommends regular cleaning of the skin.
Traktorin brakes failed in the face of a man - tönäisi seisonutta
The man was moving pihapiirissään traktorilla stones.
When he had risen to traktorista away and gone to hold its brakes failed in the face of a tractor, and the tractor poured on top of the man.
The man has not been below, but the tractor, however, push the man went to the extent that he was carrying keskussairaalaan jatkotutkimuksiin with serious injuries.
Tractor has not had time to further as it collided with which we faced with stones.
Riento with new strength in the forthcoming period
Volleyball Mestaruusliigassa pelaava joensuulainen Liiga-Riento is leaving in October to begin a series of in a better situation than in living memory.
This team has been together for almost three weeks.
A common ground is definitely better than in previous seasons, when a series of alut Riennolle have been in the dark.
Jani is a scenario Riennon päävalmentajana Säisä praises the new team yritteliääksi and coherent.
Ulkomaalaiskolmikosta keskitorjuja Fred Musoni Riennossa to begin his second term.
The new faces are aged under 23 Murangwa Nelson, as well as the Hiago Garchet.
The Rwandan national team appeared Nelson has 205-senttinen hakkuri.
Garchet is similarly passari, brasilialaisella is a measure of the 198 cents.
Josban, Katajan and Jokipoikien through the US maajoukkueeseen
Anne Jumppanen has played for almost all the Floorball World Cup since 2003.
Now, the Tampere are moving in our sixth Games, is the only Canadian left in 2013 after better qualified for the North America.
I was at work and playing in Turku cuts in the company of women, when I noticed the announcement.
The USA Floorball was the founder of the national team.
I took an interest in, and here we are now, Jumppanen, 48, says.
Jumppanen was born in 1967 in New York, close to the city of Elizabeth.
The family moved to Helsinki girl was a year old.
In 1987 Jumppanen reached Joensuu University to study the data processing.
When I came in Joensuuhun, as a species is not yet at the level of the SM-staged than Palloseura.
Sählyä was played at the University.
Pelasin Katajassa koripalloa Jokipojissa and, later, in a series of hockey SM-Jumppanen to remember.
Jumppanen played in the company of the University of Floorball SM-series for the period 1991-92, the following three Josbassa has passed through.
Pelaamisen attached to the club he valmensi A-girls mestaruuteen.
Women's SM-sarjaura culminated in a silver in 1995.
A total of women ’ s SM-Jumppanen played in a series of 10 saldoksi match by 169, short of the 51 + 34 = 85.
The latest SM-season is in 2001-2002.
Mr Perttu Puska and Tatu Väänänen maajoukkueeseen was named
Joensuulaisen salibandyseuran Josban increased the Bartholomew Puska and enolaislähtöinen Tatu Väänänen was elected, according to the Finnish maajoukkueeseen, which is playing at the Brno in the Czech turnauksessa from 6 to 8 November.
Helsinkiläisessä Erässä an offensive the 25-year-old Bartholomew Puska has played for this before the six men maaottelua where he has accumulated a total of tehopisteet 9 + 4 = 13.
Sveitsiläisen Wiler-Ersigenin 32-year-old defender Tatu Väänänen has recovered and is part of the national team reisivaivasta vakiokalustoon 117 maaottelun experience.
Maajoukkueeseen was also Seinäjoki Peliveljien konkaripelaaja Mika Kohonen, which was seen as Finland-paidassa the last time in last December's World Cup.
Works Salibandymaajoukkueen päävalmentajana kontiolahtelainen Petri Kettunen.
Beach volley -taituri Essi Hasun Kouvolaan we come full circle - SM-gold is missing palkintokaapista
Essi Hasu is moving away from beach volley -pelaajana at least temporarily, after the end of the current season.
Beach volleyn the Finnish rigged championships will be resolved over the weekend of Kouvola Urheilupuistossa.
In three days during the course of the game, as well as adults and young people mitaleista sarjoissa.
In conjunction with the Kouvola Lentopalloilijoiden and the Finnish Lentopalloliiton to organise the SM-finaaliturnaukseen rankingin qualifying for each series of six of the best one or two.
Local colour turnauksessa NMKY Elimäen to represent the increased Essi Hasu, who has been part of the Finnish beach volley -huippuihin already for several years.
Today, who lives in Helsinki, Hasu looks forward to the games in front of an audience.
I hope that as many people as possible will katsomoon at the weekend.
Pesisstadionille is certainly becoming a fine areena.
I am not the adult sarjoissa Kouvolassa pelannutkaan very often, so it is nice to play finaaleissa Closer to home, Hasu tunnelmoi.
Kouvola region Hasun lit a spark for the good of the sport and gave a fine harrastukselle.
From our earliest years is in mind the very memories.
I started at the age of 9, Volleyball Elimäen NMKY: the E-tytöissä.
There is a sense, too big pelipaita nilkoissa polvisuojat the wheels, as well as a huge ässähuudot and koreografiat after the point, Hasu remembers.
A slight town club was close to the community, where everyone knew each other.
The group's spirit that created an environment where it was nice to play.
All the families were heavily involved - joukkuekaverin valmensi the father of us and our mother was the chairman of the club for a long time.
Essi Hasulle beach volley was already a counterweight to the natural lajivalinta junioriaikana sisälentopallon.
At Käyrälammen biitsiä already has been played since the 1990s.
Käyskillä activity has always been active.
I was also watching juniorien SM-roadshow osakilpailuja, thinking that one day I would be in there playing.
Now, this dream comes true when Hasu is playing at the weekend, together with the SM Angelina pieksämäkeläisen Parkkisen finaaleissa.
Riikka Lehtosen and Taru Lahti turnauksessa rankatun the second, after the pair's objective is clear.
Realistisena goal we have the medal.
SM-gold lacking palkintokaapista, Hasu throw the hearing enigmatic statements.
The presence of the weekend Kouvolassa Hasulle may be the last of the familiar in the eyes of the public.
At the beginning of September, are waiting for the new challenges siviilityön.
Yes, the international career is over Kisakallion after the tournament.
The varvastossut put up, at least temporarily, Hasu is planning.
Downburst brought down the tents for people with disabilities, the disaster was close to happening in Joensuu, Finland
Downburst brought down three tents for people with disabilities Parafest-festival in Joensuu, Finland.
Newspaper Karjalaisen, according to four people were injured in the accident.
One of the child jatkohoitoon were transported to the hospital.
According to the Karjalaisen in tents had a total of around 200 people.
One of the larger tent 5Projet was going on.
Two of the tents was smaller.
The accident happened on Friday at 17.
Karjalaisen haastattelema päivystävä palomestari Viitaniemi Markus tells newspaper, that the situation was a recipe for catastrophe.
Of the event, it explains the sequel is at stake.
The first line of the place the Los Angelsin Central in a splendid architecture
Learn more in the centre of the Central Library -kirjaston history, when the Society of Architectural Historians, the Southern California Chapter is hosting the gathering of Arnold Schwartzmanin and Stephen Geen. They are fresh, "the Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture ” am authors.
According to the programme Gee and Schwartzman will discuss and share images of Bertram Goodhuen year 1926 plans, as well as Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associatesin the 1993 restauroinnista and lisärakennuksesta.
Kokoontuminen will be held on August 21 day at 14-16 Salle Modernessa Art Deco Southwestern School of Law -koulussa (the former Bullocks Wilshire), between 30 and 50 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants will have access to the round keskusaulaan, tyylikausihuoneisiin, Kaktus-oleskeluhuoneisiin and teehuoneeseen.
Ennakkolippu calls for a $15: SAH / SCC members, $25 for non-members.
The Open, industrial Attic viihtyisän feels a turnaround in DTLA:
The Los Angeles Central in the 90th birthday will be celebrated what else than the new paper
Salomon Koli went boldly maatalousyrittäjäksi
Agriculture yrittäjyytenä means riskienottoja, sweat and drive.
A young farmer, Salomon Koli, 25, took maatalousyrittäjäksi because he believes it is a positive for the future, but also in the rural areas.
Koli Point began two years ago, together with its little brother with Valtteri Koli of their kotitilansa jatkajana.
Their father Markus Koli will help and advice to veljeksiä with his own experience.
Maaseutuyrittäjänä marked the opening of the debt and an increase in farm size, so that the bread could become a cheque for agriculture.
This has been pikkupojasta until now juttuni it for me.
I am always happy to touhunnut on the farm, and now, when I started in anywhere, so I put everything on the line.
If something to start, so I think it must be done responsibly and properly.
In 2013, we began to build, and the first pihattonavettaa pankkikaan was not enthusiastic about the matter.
I myself, however, have the courage to really involved in the project, and I have been fully involved in it, Salomon Koli says, adding that no action would be taken if he or she would not have to clean the Finnish food production, and the fact that everyone is yet to be exploited.
Lihanautoja increase Salomon Koli, the aim is to invest in the even larger country brought into their stalls.
The work has paid off, as Salomon Koli has been elected to the top ten for the future of the rural young ruoantuottajan in the competition.
Currently, she is competing on a possible victory.
He will be able to vote in favour of the newspaper nettisivulla 21.8. until now.
Bulgaria to inform the inflation for the first time in eight months
The National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% in July.
This is the highest figure for many years (June 2012), and after the first figure above zero last year, when it was announced in October, following a 0.2%.
The annual inflation rate, which is measured by keskiarvoinen elinkustannusindeksillä, was in the last 12 months (-0.8% in August 2015 - July 2016), when compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
In July 2016, the Consumer Price Index was 101,0% compared to June 2016, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Since the start of the (July 2016 compared to December 2015), the inflation rate has been -0,2%, and the annual inflation in July 2016 was -0,2% compared to July 2015.
Compared with the previous month, in July 2016, the rise in the price of consumer goods were found the following: Food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%), transport (1.8%), leisure and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell by clothing and shoes (2.2%), furniture, taloustarvikkeet and rutiinihuolto (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level with the previous month of alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications, as well as in the case of the education and training.
Snapchatin "anime" -tehostetta aasialaiskarikatyyriksi criticises
According to the Snapchatin anime has acted as a source of inspiration for suodattimelle but, according to some observers, it is a racist.
Linssityökalunsa allows Snapchat allows the user to around 150 million daily reality in Europe and to stop playing identity in ways that are almost laughable.
You can change the koiraksi ananakseksi are getting all worked up, or the figure, which would suit by Roy Lichtenstein maalaukseen.
Linssit are simple, kasvonpiirteitä väänteleviä tools, which generate more than 30 million of the enhanced selfietä a day.
All of the steps will soon end up in public documents.
Snapchatin linssejä has previously been criticised for unfounded accusations that the app to advertise blackface-, or "mustanaama" -maskia or favours valkaistua kauneusihanteena colour.
So when Snapchat boasted this week for some users, which gave them a linssiä vinot vinot eyes, teeth and pulleat posket, some critics called it racism karikatyyriksi Asian people - "keltanaamaksi", i.e. the yellowfaceksi.
And they are wondering whether these repeated polemiikit to be a sign of the company's bigger problem with regard to diversity.
The news and indignation spread widely on Wednesday in The Vergen and Motherboardin as a result of the reports, a day later, Snapchat said lakkauttaneensa feature.
The company offered an explanation: Lens was kunnianosoitukseksi animehahmoille karikatyyriksi, not Asians.
But racism experienced observers Lens was a reminder of the killings in the operation of the stereotypes.
Others animevertailun vehemently denied by.
Grace Sparapani, an American-korealais taideopiskelija twiittiä photographs, which were distributed widely, said sähköpostissaan that Lens was "at the very least offensive and inconvenient."
He added, however, that "it is difficult to argue against, for comparison, which are side by side and outrageous aasialaiskarikatyyri suodattimen tehosteet."
It shows that the filter is not the only, but the extreme keltanaama keltanaama vietynä halventavuuteen.
Snapchat is not the only company, which goes beyond these cultural ansalankoja.
The American culture seems to stick to the endless struggle for diversity and inclusion in Hollywood korporaatioiden, a conference room and equipment, which all of us in our hands.
And Snapchatin a huge, diverse rodullisesti parents of young people in the audience may mean that they are even more likely to be waiting for sensitive attitude.
The 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday that, when one of the Snapchatin linsseistä creates an image of an insult to the user, "these types is much more difficult to be invisible."
On Thursday, Zhu, who works Mediumille tuotepäällikkö and an engineer, decided to remove the Snapchat accounts and urged others to do the same.
Kirjoitelmassaan Mediumille puhelinhaastattelussa and he said, "I believe that the racial controversy Snapchatin palkkauskäytäntöjen reflect a lack of diversity.
Zhu criticised the company's mainly white miesjohtoa and decided to kirjoitelmansa hashtagilla # DeleteSnapchat # PoistaSnapchat)
"Either they do not have different ihonvärien henkilökunnassaan diverse representation, which is why they are able to make these sorts of decisions," Sino-American Zhu said, "or they have a different ihonvärien representatives to work, but they are not in the position where, to feel safe, or be able to talk directly."
Some observers will share his opinions, Snapchat has filed a complaint, which largely unanswered.
The company is not public figures, pointing out the diversity of their status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss his staff rotutaustoista but, according to a representative of the company to focus on building some time ago rekrytoijan aliedustettuihin populations and to push forward the internal sisällyttämispyrkimyksiä.
For its part, Zhu said that attaches to the Snapchat accounts closed adding: "I wonder whether in such a way that they actually need more hit users to be able to say that it is not OK."
Congress, according to a panel of military officers who misused intelligence to the Isis
On Thursday, the panel said in a report published by the authorities of the Congress of the United States armed forces headquarters sotatoimialueen muokanneen tiedusteluraportteja optimistisemman to present an image of Iraq and Syria's war against the Isisiä, than what justified the events on the ground.
Edustajainhuoneen puolustusvoimakomitean republikaanipuheenjohtajan puolustusmääräraha tiedustelukomitean, and the task force set up by the subcommittee osavuosikatsausraportissa were found "widespread dissatisfaction" among the headquarters of tiedusteluanalyytikkojen Managers, who said that those who fiddle their assessments of the American efforts to win the Isis.
Centcomina Päämaja, which is known, is the headquarters of the armed forces sotatoimialueen Florida Tampassa, which is controlled by the US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The High-arvoisempien Centcomin agreed by the leaders of the intelligence outputs typically gave the US terrorisminvastaisista efforts more positive picture than what the facts on the ground, justified. They were more positive than in the intelligence community, as a rule, as well as other factors in the analysis," a report said in a press release.
"Centcomin events are unacceptable - taistelijamme suffer as a result of the war, when the bad analysis provides a high-ranking politicians," Representative Ken Calvert of California, republikaani, said.
Centcomin the failures of leadership at the top of the organisation until all match.
Kymmensivuisessa report describes in detail the persistent problems with my descriptions of events in the United States, and the analysis of the headquarters of the efforts to train Iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015.
Even if it does not provide clear evidence that the Obama administration would be imposed by the administration of the high-ranking peukaloitavaksi reports, it is the image of the analysts tunteneen than Centcomin leaders would have put them under pressure to describe the Islamic State, in the light of the threat posed by Islamic State, positiivisemmassa.
"the whole of the first half of 2015, many of the headquarters of the press releases, the statements to Congress and the certificates were much more positive than the events themselves," the report said.
Centcomin authority, for example, said publicly that a wholesale attack back in the areas of Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, is still held by the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, this is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, of Kansas republikaani, said in the statement.
The 2014 in the middle of 2015 to the middle of the armed forces of the United States, the headquarters of the high-sotatoimialueen arvoisimmat tiedustelujohtajat manipulated by the combination of the headquarters of the intelligence is threatening to undermine Islamic State in Iraq.
Republikaanit after consulting created a task force that analysts had expressed concern about the fact that an Islamic state manipulation of intelligence.
On Thursday, the publication of the results of the report will be followed by a more extensive investigation is ongoing.
The ylitarkastaja has launched an extraordinary, ongoing investigation into the Centcomin Intelligence.
Edustajainhuoneen tiedustelukomitean demokraattijäsenet published on Thursday, its own löydöksensä who were identical republikaanityöryhmän with some of the conclusions.
"Over the years 2014 and 2015, the Centcom created between the Islamic State and Iraqi security forces tiedusteluarvioinnista unnecessarily isolated process," Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's leading Democrat, said in the statement.
According to the Schiffin tiedustelutuotosten kept delaying the publication of this process, "" effect, the mood among analysts and "given enough space for the various eriäville."
Schiff and Democrats have said that they have not found evidence that the White House had tried to put pressure on the Centcomin analyytikkoja to reconcile its conclusions "on the set or political kerrontaan."
The Daily Beast reported on Tuesday, the Congress of the preliminary findings of the investigation.
Last August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon ylitarkastaja has launched an investigation after complaints Centcomin analysts.
Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in the statement that the Ministry of Defence has not commented on the report of the Congress ylitarkastajan as long as the investigation is ongoing.
But he said that "the experts disagree on the interpretation of the data between the complex, and the tiedusteluyhteisö and the Ministry of Defence will keep a healthy dialogue on these key national security issues is to be welcomed."
The study is more than just the jälkiseuraamuksia, what will be the question of whether the US-led pommitustoimet in Iraq and Syria successful (such as a growing number of puolustusviranomaisista now claim).
Last year the accusations questioned how much President Obama cannot count on the headquarters to provide honest assessments of Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other kriisikohteiden military operations.
Islamic State intelligence criticism reflects more than a decade ago, when the dispute Centcomin tiedusteluanalyytikko, Gregory Hooker, wrote tutkimusartikkelin, which said that, despite the protests of several analysts, President George W. Bush's administration, supported by a small army of Iraq and spent very little time to consider what the consequences of the 2003 attack.
Hooker was also key kapinassa on the Islamic State of intelligence.
The authorities in the last year, according to the Hookerin the group concluded that, despite public statements to the contrary, the air strikes against the Islamic State controlled those refineries were not significantly weakened the economy of a terrorist group, because it was built tilapäisjalostamoita in order to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September that this discovery is not, however, told from the headquarters.
Centcomin what was then the commander, General Lloyd J. Austin III: 8th, was criticised last year after a number of lawmakers saw his todistustaan Senate ylipositiivisena assessment of the war.
General Austin was retired in April, and in his place came to the headquarters of General Joseph L. Votel.
The United States won for the fourth time in a row with the British women's maahockeyssa systemic class enemies ’.
The day after that, when I was done with three goals in the team have shown about Japan 6-1, Katie Bam adopted on Thursday, the United States women's maahockeyjoukkueen the first two goals of the Indian American supremacy of 3-0.
Five goals in two of the game sounds unohtumattomalta saavutukselta, but the 27-year-old Bam said that he was not sure whether he was previously done the same thing.
"I have no idea," he said.
"I am really not the kind of person who keeps the book maaleistaan."
But he knows this: Americans are 4-0-situation olympialaisturnauksessa and they share in the first place in the group, with the British, who was still an unbeatable, after winning Thursday, Japan's 2-0.
Britain and the United States face on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams have survived neljännesvälieriin, and this game will decide who comes first and who is the second of six team in their group.
First of all, based in the Netherlands, to avoid a second group leader, at the beginning of the neljännesfinaalien a little bit longer.
How can any of the Saturday's game will come to an end, the Americans have caused a stir the unexpected menestyksellään here, four years after they were left at the London Olympics last 12 team.
Bam, Iran was in the team.
He grew by Pennsylvania Blue Bellissä and maahockeymailan to carry the lead for the first time at the age of 3 (he played the older kaksoissisarensa Drexelissä), in the context of the species maajoukkueeseen at the age of 16, when he became the youngest player of all time.
He was not involved in the 2008 Olympics, because it is unable to be included in the final pelaajalistaan.
In 2012, nothing has gone to him and his joukkuetovereilleen.
The following year, an Englishman Craig Parnham valmentajaksi was appointed, and things began to change.
"The change of culture, the spiritual change, physical change," Bam said.
We are not in London have been similar to promote further intensification of work than we have now.
We have made a U-turn.
Thursday evening Bam, Iran began to find the first puoliajan rystylyönnillä close to the finishing line.
India had come into the game turnauksessa a single victory, but the team was surprisingly hard and had the 1-0-lukemissa until late in the third instalment of the Bam, Iran took control of the situation.
He carried the ball into the left side of the field for a long time, then toured kiskaisi and the ball in the middle of the finishing line, thereby depriving the American 2-0-leadership.
Melissa Gonzalez added a goal in the middle of the fourth instalment in the last.
This nollapeli was one of the first tournament in the United States Goaltender Jackie Briggsille, which had allowed one goal in each of the first three victory.
He is bringing in good.
It is also Bam, Iran.
"We now have a good situation," Parnham said, but its goodness will depend on the outcome of Saturday's game.
Peace in the midst of the Trampoliinin olympialaisvimman
Where any oletkaan, any time, the Olympic Games are on the way.
Rio de Janeiro events seem inevitable, and the continual raivoisalta viestiltä competition and the effort.
Just as in olympiasoihtu Liekehtivä would be a baton, which will be passed on to uimarille and jousiampujalta voimistelijalta triathlonistille.
It is impossible to put on the television, to read a newspaper or listen to the debate vierustoverin in Amsterdam in the queue, without consulting Simone Bilesista, Katie Ledeckysta or Michael Phelpsin and Chad le Clos' n 'between them.
And then there is the Logan Dula.
Dula, the Olympic Games and the future sydäntenmurskaaja ensikertalainen hymykuoppineen, could well be one of the names of all the knowledge, which will be presented to the prime time, and which kannattelevat sponsorisopimukset as well as the good times and the TV ads - if he would be the swimmer, voimistelija or even a fencer.
But the California Lake Forestista from Dula, 28, is competing olympiakullasta trampoliinissa.
Olympialiekki valaise not all of the species just as much.
Further afield, in the shadow of the centre, in part, are the species, which all are generally do not accept: ilmapistooliammunta, Archery, Badminton, Taekwondo.
We have always Breaststroke, for a long time it live.
But if I have to make a fuss erityissuosikistani, I would like to draw your attention to some limited trampoliinin then.
Although Trampoline has been olympialaji since the year 2000, when it did ensiesiintymisensä at the Sydney Olympics, its presence is in the middle of the past 16 years, the comments so little in the way of that, many of which do not have any haastattelin, olympialaislajin it is.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States has sent the athletes to compete in the sport, it has never won it of being an athlete, and it moved up until the final, before, in 2012.
The Chinese and Russians share of men in general, the Chinese and Canadian women's You.
This year, China's Dong Dong and Canadian Rosie McLennan defend kultamitaleitaan in London.
Trampoliiniin, however, there is a certain charm resides, in part because of the fact that I am illiterate, it sounds like a suitable klovnikouluun better than the Olympic Games.
In this regard, I must confess that I am not an expert, I am just lentokyvytön fan trying.
Lajissa is, as we see opportunities for huvittavuuteen piirrosfilmien loppumattomien pomppujen vibration, but it is also voimistelun and uimahypyn sulokkuutta, the two species, which is, in principle, it is a combination of.
The word "Trampoline ” comes from the Spanish word for el trampolín, which means ponnahduslautaa.
European Mestaruuden hyppivät jättimäisellä trampoliinilla up to nearly 30 feet altitude, and they will be carrying out translations, kieppuvia liikesarjoja (taittoja and voltteja) and, in the end, to land on their feet.
The official Olympic Games, according to the implementation of the programme, they will be judged on the difficulty of, "and" on the basis of the flight time.
The 32 athletes competing in Rio from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women.
The most common, the direction of the Olympic Games is straight forward.
Mitalia who must go to gold in the search for further, faster, up and over - sometimes up to the finishing line, sometimes in the back and forth across the spectrum.
They are not the only maaliviivaa or aloitusseinämää, but also, in a televised media reporting of the second irvailevaa border: global or olympiaennätystä.
This is a determined pursuit of noble, admirable and even fanatical - and it will be able to get even a spectator in tears.
But it is also the reason why the Games katsominenkin can be a bit wearing.
Trampoline offers lepohetken for this.
Trampoliinin the direction is up.
The aim is not to move forward.
Kilpailija there will be a new start affecting painottomalta as an astronaut, goes up, then down, then up again easily.
That, of course, does not interfere with the competition and the degree of difficulty, but during the course of the programme is not the relentless rush towards the end, not the leaps forward into the distance, the only time and gravity unenomainen, smooth stoppages.
It is so close to the Zen-room, than what can be achieved at the Olympics.
Women karsintakilpailut and then finaali will take place on Friday afternoon at the beginning of the mission at 13 (ET), the men's games will come on Saturday, also at 13.
NBC to send the finals as part of the afternoon ohjelmistoaan starting at 14 on both days.
Olympiahuuman in the middle of a quiet, they offer a lovely moment, which probably will not see the general chaos.
And if awareness can only be achieved by offering miesurheilijoita tuijotettavaksi esineellistettäväksi miesvoimistelijat (such as the United States and some time ago suggested that, according to The Wall Street Journalin Dula), just wait for the new fanikuntaansa huokailevaa.
"Generation demonstrate" in Ethiopia, which is an ally of the US in the long term
Violent demonstrations in Ethiopia
The political change in Ethiopia, the demonstrators are calling for the government have encountered violent resistance.
Eye witnesses say that they are going to say that dozens of demonstrators have been shot dead in clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia unravelling?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a strong ally of the West, whose economy is growing rapidly.
Over the past few months of demonstrations against the government, however, the country has been shaken by spreading more and more areas.
In the last week, thousands of people taking to the streets, demanding ryntäsi a radical political change.
Ihmisoikeusryhmien, according to the government's response was relentless.
Eye witnesses say that they have said that the police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Levinneet nauhoitetut in the demonstrations, the videos, which are believed to be at the end of the last year or the beginning of this year, appear to be, how the security authorities are ready to give young people with sticks, at the same time, when they were forced to stand up against the wall over his ears.
The United Nations pääihmisoikeusviranomainen is now demanding a thorough analysis of the research.
"It was always difficult to keep the country together, and in the future it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, who is the Horn of Africa projektipäällikkö -tutkimusryhmässä the International Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is Africa's second most populous country after Nigeria, and the West in the value of its stability.
American military and intelligence agencies are working in close cooperation with the Ethiopian in the fight against terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and hardly any of the West African country to receive so much help.
Ethiopia's economy has grown at an impressive rate.
Its infrastructure has improved a lot in the extreme, and the capital, Addis Ababa is even a new commuter train.
The streets of the city are typically a quiet, safe and clean.
Although not Ethiopia has not, however, been democracy mallikuva. Human rights groups have consistently talked about the government's repression of the opposition, the country has been limited, and dissidents have been effectively.
Many people have been expelled from the country, imprisoned, killed or driven far beyond the desert.
But this may be changing.
"If the tukahdutat people, and they have no other option than to demonstrate, this will be the case," Seyoum Teshome, a professor at the University of Central from Ethiopia, said.
Throughout the youth to demonstrate.
One of the generation to demonstrate.
Complaints are varied and cover everything from land use the stranglehold of the power of the ruling coalition.
Last year, a lot of kritisoitujen after the elections, the ruling party and its allies won the last of the opposition's place, and now it must be in possession of all parliamentary seats.
At the same time, rising tensions in the border with Eritrea. The tense and disputed border along the route of the fight has been claimed hundreds of lives in June.
, which analysts fear that as the Oromo Liberation Front, or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which has, in recent years, more or less been defeated, may try to take advantage of the turmoil and the arm again.
A number of factors explain why kuohumisen beneath the surface, after years of bitter feelings are now räjähtämässä.
The first appears to be seemingly vaarattomalta: smartphones.
Only in the last few years a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate via social media, when cheaper smartphones have become more frequent and internet service improved.
Even if the government closes access Facebookiin and Twitteriin, as it often does, especially during the demonstrations, many people can still communicate location piilottavien välityspalvelimien via the network.
Many young Ethiopians have said that this is the way they came together for the purpose of the demonstrations.
Secondly, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic groups, the Oromo people and the Amhara people, will be better off with each other.
Oromo people and the Amhara people are not natural allies.
A very long time Amhara people who come from Ethiopia, a predominantly Christian ylängöiltä were in politics and in business, using oromoita, many of whom are Muslims, who live in alangoilla.
But this, too, is changing.
"We are on the road to the organization of one under one umbrella," oromojohtaja Mulatu Gemechu said.
The biggest protests have been amhara- and oromoalueilla.
Many of the Amhara people and the Oromo people think that it is unfair to the people of Ethiopia is dominated by the Tigre. They cover of around six percent of the population and is dominated by the military, intelligence service, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, the former rebel leader, was the Ethiopian Prime Minister for 17 years until he died in a secret illness in 2012.
He was nerona tactical method to break down, as the man who saw the kulmien all around.
Analysts say that he was particularly qualified for early signs of the evolution of discontent and the use of secret ambassadors to the conclusion of the opponents.
"Nykyhallinnolla is not the kind of perusvaistoa konfliktianalyytikko," Abdi said.
Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn, a new poimittiin, a relatively unknown to meet Mr Meles ’ s shoes.
Unlike Mr Meles, who had come from the northern region of Ethiopia, the Tigre, Hailemariam is from the south.
Analysts say that tigrejen controlled by the security services do not trust him.
Many people fear that this could lead to more bloodshed.
The last time was in such turmoil with Ethiopia in 2005, when thousands of protesting about the elections, according to analysts, who contributed to the impression that the government first hutiloi and then plundered them.
In the ensuing sweep many of the demonstrators were killed, albeit to a lesser extent than in the last few months, and will bring the anxiety went over a period of relatively quickly.
Kehitysasiantuntijat have been praised by the Ethiopian leaders with vision, such as the new infrastruktuurisuunnittelusta työmatkajunasta köyhyydenvastaisessa, and considerable progress in the fight.
But clearly, this has not stopped the country's internal to the Ethiopian government's contempt for the growth of.
And now it is beginning to get dangerous, ethnic form.
Last month, the city was attacked by protesters in the Amhara Gondarissa tigrejen owned businesses, and the hatred against the Tigre is becoming more and more common on social media.
Analysts say that the protests are giving their support to the United States and others seem cumbersome status.
The American government has used the base camp of neighbouring Ethiopia lennokkilennoille Somalia, even though it some time ago sulkeneensa said this base.
Although the West clearly want to support democracy, they do not want the already unstable region allies plummet.
"This," Abdi said, "is a real juggling act."
Donald Trump to explain the Obama-was set up by the Islamic State of the arguments "sarkasmiksi"
Donald J. Trump has tried to suppress the latest campaign to be sweeping the dispute on Friday, claiming that he was not serious when he this week on a number of occasions intti that President Obama and Hillary Clinton was one of the founders of the Islamic State terrorist group "."
The report raised new questions about the Republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate clearly amerikkalaisyleisölle.
It also set out his supporters, who have strained to defend him in a turbulent period, in a difficult position, where they have to explain to the comments, which he does not necessarily mean.
Keskiviikkoillan kampanjakokouksessa on an insinuation, Trump claimed the same ever more interviews on Thursday, where he intti that is, indeed, his intention was to say that the President and Clinton created the Islamic State.
Early Friday morning Twitter-publication, however, Trump has said that he was only a sarcastic.
This publication was a reversal from the previous day, when Trump said in a number of interviews that they were really serious about their convictions.
When konservatiiviradiojuontaja Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trumpia loiventamaan reply by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy the Islamic State, the Republican presidential candidate, has taken this fell on deaf ears.
The latest arvostelumyrsky is going to be in a situation in which Trump has tried again to focus his campaign on the economy falling mielipidetutkimustulosten in the middle.
Trump and Clinton fought when he talks about the economy this week Michiganissa.
On Friday, Trump tried once again to return to the subject.
Paeten Twitteriin again, he warned, however, that Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes, and that he was giving a speech in tylsistyttävänä.
Trump has in the past used sarkasmipuolustusta.
Late in July after he faced widespread criticism seems to suggest that the Russians should hack into Clinton's emails, he later explained their comments by saying "of course I am sarcastic."
This approach makes it possible that Trump will be able to engage in political speech at the borders, and then, if necessary, to go back to back.
"I think that it is a model, in which he is a test of some of the messages, which are important for his faneilleen. He considers how they work, and then to 'clarify' in one direction or another, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, viestintäasiantuntija, who has followed the two candidates in the language.
But I also think that he is viekas in terms of opinions and to know that they are sufficiently vague, so that they can be filtered through the lens of a number of different.
Instead, the great äänestysyleisöä that would relax their speeches, Trump has in the last few days have been more sapekkaampi when his popularity has continued to fall.
The new, published on Friday in the NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist-survey showed that Trump is lagging far behind Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and that is a tight contest in Florida.
Even if Trump, as a rule, is trying to avoid the apologies sanomistaan provocative issues, he often blame arvostelijoitaan realising the wrong words or huumorintajunsa wrong understanding.
His face increasing scrutiny over the past few months, the presidential campaign Trumpin that have forced his faithful allies in an uncomfortable position, where they have to publicly support him, no matter how provocative his comments are.
The former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who is one of the most important supporters Trumpin, saw a great deal of trouble in defending the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I believe that, in his words, he is a real political comments," Giuliani said, when he was asked about this in the context of the rightness of Trumpin argument that Obama and Clinton was set up by the Islamic State.
It is true, in the sense that, before Obama Isis was almost unknown, a small organisation, which he called the amatööriksi, completely wrong, and that is why this happened, because he pulled troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to claim that the Obama administration, in which Clinton worked for the Foreign Secretary, will not allow Islamic State get worse, because it has not been able to effectively deal with the situation in the Middle East.
Prior to the meetings in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump went on the attack on Twitter towards uutismediaa who bang on her at its word and are biased against him.
He made fun of 'bad,' 'pathetic TV experts who are trying to get him a clear words, "They are going to fail."
Some Democrats pilkkasivat Trumpin excuse for a new todistusaineistoksi for the fact that he is unsuitable for a president.
Previously, closed Bar will return to the Greenpointiin
Verb Cafe was down-at-heel, only cash Williamsburgissa tacit approval of the place, which did not have a wireless network, but which provided a good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, the Bedford Avenuen kadunvarsi it became too expensive.
Movement, which replaced the Verbin in the summer of 2014, the Soap Cyndi Almouzni, Fenamiphos kuppikakun packs soaps.
Local surkuttelivat it, most recently, a loss of keskiluokkaiseksi saneerattavassa in the city.
Artisti Molly Crabapple, wrote on Twitter: "New York is a change, I know, but I still cannot believe that the CBGB is dead and the Chelsea Hotel is musertunut and Verb saippuakauppa is now."
But if the New York is a change, it is also the re-discovery.
Greenpointiin Elvytetty Verb opened in November last year, less than miles from its original location.
The new Verbissä has wifi and there will be able to pay for credit cards, but some of the staff is still the same and there is the same hienostelematon the mood.
Kahvikin is still good.
The new Verbiä will lead to a Cisco Rodriguez, the old in Amsterdam, a long-term worker, who is the owner and director of the new place.
He began Verbissä in 2001, and was there until the end.
When the customer has offered to fund her in a new location, he said that he had been excited.
Rodriguez, 36, was supposed to many things the same.
Verb uses the same bagelien journalists and bought a samanmallisen espressokoneen.
It even used the old Verbin lights.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to experiment with.
He brought the new ingredients.
Ruokalistalta is to be found in the Egg bacon-juustovoileipiä and pellets are available, for example, kapriksia and ruskistettua sipulia.
Kulhoissa ruskeaa is the rice.
Kahvilassa will no longer serve beer, but there will be fresh juices.
Nine months Rodriguez says huomanneensa the steady stream of customers of the position of the old.
"Williamsburg became too expensive for many, including former customers," he said.
One of the last Sunday Rebecca Oliveira was one such client.
Oliveira, 34, lived in the past Williamsburgissa Verbissä and held on a regular basis.
In the time since, when he moved, he Greenpointiin vaelsi kahvilaan.
He says that the kahvinjuonnista Verbin close of business, he gave up for a few moments.
"I understood that I enjoyed Verbin coffee and culture," he said.
Now he has returned to a couple of coffee, albeit on that day, he ordered the ordinary jääkahvinsa rather than the ordinary chai drink, which is one of the new additions.
The second long-term client, Tom Rosenthal, held Verbissä faithfully since 2003.
He was there before the work and was always the same order.
"Every day, 15 more than seven, on a regular basis, as the clock, I went in and they were preparing the mausteista bageliani butter," he said.
Photograph. Rodriguez, said that he wanted to experiment and to bring new ingredients on the menu.
Today, Rosenthal is doing more and more ordinary tilauksensa, but sometimes he, as a result of fluctuations in the room, and the mausteisen bagelin pekonilla munalla juustolla.
Rodriguez says that he will not hold any grudge against saippuakaupalle, who took over the old farms.
In fact, the Soap Cherie owners offered to produce Verbille erityissaippuan, which would be used as an ingredient in Amsterdam kylmäuutettua coffee.
"I think that we will still be able to take up the offer," Rodriguez said.
And Greenpointin the traditional puolalaisasukkaat have also adopted in Amsterdam.
One of these new customers turned the menu in Polish, and Rodriguez, said that he is planning to attach the soon to be raised to a point in order to get the new neighbours feel welcome.
The new location has other advantages.
Local mehupaikka wants to pullottaa and sell kylmäuutettua coffee.
It is possible that the Bar is expanding viereiseen the building.
For many customers will be enough that they will receive the old favourite new Verbissä.
Joseph Whitt was the position of the client and said that it was a desolate, when the place was closed down.
When the new place was opened, Whitt said that he felt as it would come home from the inside at the time and the wonders of coffee.
"I was hoping for to get the smell of it," he said.
"A Square Meal: lamakauden stultifying food
In March 1933, shortly after the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt virkahuoneessaan istuutui to eat lunch.
Herkkusuuna President Roosevelt had hienostuneista on Fifth Avenuen foods, such as hanhenmaksapasteijasta, and Maryland suokilpikonnakeitosta.
On the day of his diet was more modest: filled eggs, and jälkiruoaksi tomaattikastikkeessa perunasosetta luumuvanukasta.
"From time to time, it was an expression of solidarity to the people who are suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added: "It was also a message to the Americans about how should eat."
Brooklyn resident couple is Heightsissä ruokahistorioitsijoita.
Coen Case, the latest book, Chop Suey, told the Chinese food in America, and Ziegelman told the life in the Lower East Siden kerrostalosta through the food in his book 97 Orchard.
Their latest cooperation, "A Square Meal, which the Harper will publish on Tuesday, comes to the American food during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
By demonstrating some of their own culinary solidarity with the journalist they meet for dinner Eisenberg's Sandwich Shopissa, pikkuruisessa, hienostelemattomassa lounasbaarissa Flatironin in the region, which has been in operation since the 1929 pörssiromahduksesta.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered Cream Cheese-oliivivoileivän, and Coe, 57, took control of the dose kalkkunalla, perunasoseella and kasviksilla.
When the journalist ordered lihamureketta, the couple saw fit to discuss lamakauden eating.
"Murekkeet were very popular," Ziegelman said.
It was maapähkinämureketta, maksamureketta, papumureketta.
They were valmistusaineesta and some cheap ingredient, which extended the actual material.
Imagine syöväsi maapähkinöitä so much that they would form a päivällisesi.
. Coe irvisti
"It is certainly seemed mahassa lyijynraskaalta," he said.
During the period before the wasteland of American tables, especially in rural areas, it was like eating-so-far-than-jaksat-noutopöytä.
Women's groups have made food male farm workers, and fresh piirakkaa saw breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to starving in Europe during the First World War. "A Square Meal -kirja kronikoi the ways in which the nation survived that, all of a sudden, it was no longer in the land of plenty.
"At the time, food became a key, fraught subject to the Americans," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally distressing was a new, affordable diet: Mysteeriruokalajeista such as murekkeista and laatikoista, became the main dishes, and the box was "a great way to use ruoantähteitä," Ziegelman said, because the chefs were able to conceal the less attractive ingredients kermaisen kastikekerroksen below.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Lihasta, which had for years been at the heart of the amerikkalaisaterioiden annosteltu sparingly, became a luxury.
There Erikoisia koosteita kalorimäärän and nutritional considerations is more important than the taste or even common sense in the kitchen.
In the research, but also a book of recipes for the era of Ziegelman cooked dish, which met the onions exported paistettuja maapähkinävoilla.
"It was not a popular addition to the dining room," Coe said.
Ziegelman pointed out: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter is not in any way fit paistettuihin sipuleihin.
This was characterised by many households resepteille.
Kotitalousasiantuntijat such as Louise Stanley, the director of the federal kotitalousviraston in 1923-1943, presided over the country's eating habits of more than ever before or since.
Julkaisten recipes and articles for newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to start "budjetoijiksi" and to respond to the challenge of spaghetti, such as carrots and converted into soseutetun möykyt maistuviksi annoksiksi.
"A Square Meal is the historical makupalojen a festival.
Especially tasty are reports on the government's reaction to the hungry people, such as President Herbert Hoover let me eat cake 'attitude.
At the same time, when he publicly praised the childhood simple, iowalaista maalaisruokaa, he is as subtle as a Buddhist, which he had become a millionaire.
"He was supposed to continental food, such as fish kurkkukastikkeella," Coe said.
He ate almost kullatussa ruokailuhuoneessa wearing Tuxedo.
He was one of the great outdoors for everything.
The President Roosevelt would have been able to make the same mistake, if not his wife, Eleanor, had encouraged him to set an example in its own vatsallaan.
As the paper explains, when Mrs Roosevelt, treasurer of the building, which had no interest in the taste, the White House became the seat, which "is offered only Washington ankeimpiin but also surkeimmin manufactured food."
Many lamanaikaisista the eating habits were rejected, as soon as the country got back on its feet.
Our focus is the continued Perintönä kaloreihin and nutrition, Ziegelman said, and in the way in which science applied for cooking.
A couple, said that when he wrote in the book, they achieved a better understanding of the mother Ziegelmanin the eating habits, for example, about how he was not able to throw food away.
"He really feared waste of food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalling: "He even sairastutti people."
. It Happened tuulihattuvälikohtaus
Then, when the plates they smash Eisenbergissä were empty, he and Coe were pulling out jälkiruoan that they were produced at home: luumujälkiruoan, which President Roosevelt ate a little.
"It is called luumuvaahdoksi," Ziegelman said, adding that the general trick was to give the moderate voices resepteille be reflected in the name.
Jälkiruoassa was not only kermavaahtoa, luumuja, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and A Touch.
All averse, upottivat lusikkansa tahmeaan ruskeaan liisteriin.
Surprisingly, it was not bad.
Coe santsasi again, and another.
Kuulostaen budjetoijalta understood, he told his wife: "a little chopped-up saksanpähkinöitä could help."
Gileadille will be replaced by asianajajakulut -patenttitaistelussa Merckia against hepatitis C
US kihlakunnantuomari has ordered that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to asianajajakulut that it was caused by hepatitis C in the -potilasta riitajutussa lääkevalmistaja Inciä against Merck & Co.
In June, Gilead, was released on $200 million in payments for their round two of the patent, which joined Merckin Gileadin menestyslääkkeisiin Sovaldiin and Harvoniin. This exemption was followed by it, when a US judge found Merckin abuses, which belonged to the wrong Oath and other unethical practices.
On Thursday, the judgment of the US kihlakunnantuomari Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead is entitled to compensation, which stemmed from a complaint against it.
Merck is trying to catch up with the Gileadin, which dominates the market with a new generation of hepatitis C, which can improve the -lääkkeiden well over 90% of patients with this maksasairaus.
The Trial dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck had challenged each other to court Gileadin medicines sofosbuvirin active substance that included ownership.
The US-backed forces say that have taken over completely dominated by Islamic State Manbij 'n
The US-backed forces have taken over completely, close to the Turkish border in the north of the city of Manbij 'n, after the last remaining Isis fighters left in the city, a representative of the group said on Friday.
The Syrian democratic forces (SDF) is now investigating the city after the last of the city hiding behind the taistelijaryhmä left.
Troops were released more than 2000 siivilipanttivankia which the fighters held captive, Sharfan Darwish's liittolaisjoukosta, the SDF Manbij 'n sotilasneuvostosta, Reutersille said.
"The city is now totally under control, but we have begun to investigate it," he told the Reutersille.
Clintonit tienasivat 10,75 million dollars in 2015, paid EUR 34,2% of federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton, published their tax returns in 2015, which showed that the Democrat presidential candidate and his wife income that year were 10,75 million dollars, and that their real federal veroprosenttinsa was EUR 34,2%.
In 2015 Clintonit have already donated $1 million to charities, mainly Foundationille Bill Clinton, the former president Bill Clinton tienasi almost puhujakorvauksia $5.3 million, and the former foreign minister, announced that it has received more than 3 million publisher Simon & Schusterilta book, in which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told his career.
Clinton varapresidenttiehdokas Senator Tim Kaine, the Virginia? Holtonin with his wife Anne was published 10 years Declaration.
Their real federal veroprosenttinsa in 2015 was 20.3%.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine set the standards for calling," Jennifer Palmieri, the Clinton campaign attached, said in the statement.
Jyrkkänä Kontrastina for this, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and withdraws the previous promises veroilmoitustensa publication.
The habit of US presidential candidates, according to publish their tax returns, even if the law does not velvoitakaan it.
Newyorkilainen businessman Trump lakimiehineen verohallituksen have appealed to the cause of the audit ’ s refusal to publish tax returns.
"Your turn," the Clinton campaign-assistant Ian Sams said on Twitter when they published the link to demokraattiehdokkaan veroilmoituksiin.
On Thursday, Trumpin erityisavustaja, Michael Cohen, said to CNN that he does not allow Trumpin publish them before the audits are ready.
Trumpin critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other republikaanikollegat, have said that his refusal raises questions about his capital lahjoituksistaan for his charity, for her purposes, for example, as well as a number of other ties with Russia.
Clinton has addressed the problem julkaisten verkkovideon on Friday, which were raised in a visible of Republicans, who are calling for Trumpia to publish their taxes.
On Thursday, she raised the problem of talouspuheessaan Michiganissa.
"He refuses to do so, and each of the last decades of the presidential candidate has done: published their tax returns," he told the audience.
Politico has announced that it is Trump has not paid any taxes or very little for two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times quoted on Friday, a number of liiketoimintakolumnisti veroasianajajia and accountants, who said that the situation could still be the same.
A federal veroprosenteista has become a problem in the presidential election.
Clinton has supported miljardöörisijoittaja Warren Buffettin named according to the rule, which would ensure that more than a million dollars a year to earn to pay at least 30% of the taxes.
President Barack Obama, also supports the proposal.
Clinton's meeting Omahassa Nebraska system last week, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway -konglomeraatti is located there, challenged Trumpin to meet and exchange veroilmoituksia.
Buffett also said that he is under way verohallituksen inspection, and that Trump is "afraid" veronkeruuvirastoa but the voters.
Clinton's campaign has issued a Declaration until 2007.
Today, the New York Chappaquassa Clintonien living in a real federal rate was around 32% between 2007 and 2014, and their real combined veroprosenttinsa was approximately 40.5%.
Clinton's tax declarations from 2015 showed that only 100 dollars of their income came from wages, unlike the vast majority of Americans.
Their pääsijoituskohteensa was cheap, tied to a mutual fund, index, and Clinton announced 109 thousand dollars on dividends and interest income.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh, editing by Jonathan Oatis
Chilijauhekondomit sähikäiset norsunsuojelua Tanzania, as well as the improvement
Luonnonsuojelijat in Tanzania are using the unusual way to prevent elephants vaeltamasta human areas - they throw the animals chilijauheella täytetyillä kondomeilla.
Has proved to be effective, and the idea of a number of years ago, invented the Honeyguide Foundation, together with the US in Nature Conservancyn has stepped up its prospectus designed for the training of volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania, the use of non-violent four step on the way to the protection of the hundreds of homes, and without that animals are injured.
Previously, many took the keihäitä in order to protect themselves.
On Friday, is the world's norsupäivä, which is dedicated to the protection of these animals.
"Ever since we developed... tools, we have seen a change in attitudes in these communities. They are now much more confident that they will be able to keep the elephants away from their fields without harming them," Honeyguiden Executive Director Damian Bell said in the statement.
The first two steps will include intruders in the allocation of the elephant taskulampulla soittamisen and loud.
If it does not prevent the animals are thrown the so-called “chilipilvi."
Condom met sekoituksella sähikäisellä chilijauheen and in the country, as well as the use of condoms, and after being caught in such a way that only the fuse is visible.
When the condom on fire, it breaks out pamahtaen and purskauttaa chilijauhepölyä into the air.
One tuoksahdus is usually enough to send the elephant in the other direction.
As a last resort is Trigger, who is firing into the air by the Roman candle here. Ilotulite produces the explosion, loud and clear.
RT News: Jewish film maker criticises berliiniläistä hotels, which removed at the request of the Arab Israeli suuntanumeron
A French film maker, juutalaistaustainen mediamyrskyn unleashed after exposing a that in Berlin, the Kempinski Bristol -hotelli is not in the list, according to the Israeli suuntanumeroa. Consequently arabiasiakkaiden this is due to the "requests."
Holokaustista to tell of the Shoah made a documentary film made Claude Lanzmann tore Kempinski Bristol turhautumistaan berliiniläiseen -hotelliin kirjoittaen an open letter to the German FAZ-publication.
During the recent yöpymisensä Lanzmann tried to find the hotel offered by the Israeli suuntanumeroluettelosta countries.
The country, however, is not mentioned in one of those states, which can be reached directly from the hotel.
How can it be that in 2016 in Berlin, the German capital, a new, Israel has been removed and wiped out?
Lanzmann wrote in.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol offers the opportunity to call on Israel through its own puhelinkeskuksensa.
Selitystä in search of a film maker brought the issue up in the reception of the hotel.
Lanzmann wrote that there had been a response to the "shocked him."
Hotellin reseptionisti said that it was "a deliberate decision by the leadership of the Kempinski hotels."
The underlying reason for the elokuvantekijässä has caused more consternation.
"Most of the guest is the Arabs, and they are calling for the removal of the Israeli suuntanumeron," the worker is said to have told Lanzmannin.
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the incident "a great as injustice," Zuddeutsche Zeitung reported.
"We were shocked and appalled as a result of the incident.
That in itself is a great injustice.
But even more, it is a shame that this has happened in Germany and in this particular hotelliketjussa.
This does not need an explanation.
We expect that the hotel will make the right conclusions, "the official said.
The incident was quite a rebounds online, when people called it as a scandal.
Some have argued that the Kempinski Hotel, quite simply, "gave in" arabiasiakkaiden alleged requirements.
"Shame on you," said the second edition, in which it was pointed out that the Kurfurstendamm magnificent synagogan stands close to the hotel, which is located on the street.
The hotel itself has denied all the charges against them quickly and called what happened "tarkkaamattomuudeksi ” and“ apologised for "Lanzmannilta, Der Spiegel reported.
"Considerable orders not to include Israel pikavalintaluetteloon has never done," Kempinskin representative is said to have told Suddeutche Zeitung.
It adds that the prefix has now been added.
The police used tear gas and rubber demonstrating against the students Brazil
Students took on Thursday, together with the police in the city of Sao Paulo Indeed, when students gathered to protest against the government's reforms of the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber against the demonstrators.
The problems began when lainvalvojat tried to break up the opiskelijajoukkoa, which led to the fact that the police used tear gas and rubber.
Many of the hundreds of students took part in a demonstration to express kauhuaan plans.
Paolo Sao Paulo state Governor Geraldo Alckminin proposals, a little less than 100 public schools were shut down, and 300 000 pupils to be redeployed in order to save money.
Some of those taking part in the demonstration was writing against the walls of the interim president, Michel Temerin graffiteja.
This latest demonstration took place just days after the demonstrators mobilised en masse to support to the office of President Dilma Rousseffia who had been arrested in the country's Senate voting for her virkasyytteestään.
RT Business: trade between Russia and Iran on the sudden increase of 71%
The removal of sanctions in the wake of the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran has grown 70,9% compared to the previous year, according to the Russian ambassador in Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan.
Since then, when international sanctions against Iran were lifted, Russian companies have shown interest in the large amount of transactions in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies will continue to existing links to Iran, while the new companies are ready to come to the market.
"Of course, Iran is one of the main objectives of the cooperation of the two-way is the expansion of trade, ” Dzhagaryan said.
He pointed out that, in the first five months of 2016, the Russian and Iranian trade turnover grew by 70,9% compared to the same period of 2015, a total of $856 million.
Especially in the Russian exports to Iran rose is%, to a total of $697 million.
Russia's exports to Iran rose by 16% to $158 million.
"The trade growth was achieved in machinery, vehicles and weapons toimituksella," the ambassador said.
In addition, the Dzhagaryan expects this year ennätysmäärää Iranian tourists to Russia.
Last year, the Russian ulkomaanedustajisto Iran admitted to the Iranian people, around 35 000 visas, mainly for the journey.
Iran was also, for the first time in their 20 in the country, which is among the most tourists in Russia.
"I think it is safe to say that in the last year, a record number of Russia is going to be iranilaisturistien rikkoontumaan," he said.
At the same time, quite a few of the Russians visiting Iran, which the ambassador hopes to change.
"I personally recommend Yazdin in towns and cities from Shiraz and Isfahan at some point, visit. They have been preserved persialaisen the civilisation of ancient monuments in good condition," he said.
The British papers, Callum Skinner crashed over the finishing line napatessa pyöräilykultaa
Scotland's Callum Skinner joukkuesprintissä pyöräilystadionilla kiisi glorification of men in Rio last night, when the Great Britain team defended the trio mestaruuttaan London dating back to 2012.
Glasgow 28,662 from the 23-year-old was as an anchor role, where his skottikollegansa Sir Chris Roy made yet, the legend was proud when this kiisi napaten victory over the finishing line tiimiltä a favourite in New Zealand.
Britain took the shokkivoiton four years ago, at the same time as Hoy won the fifth of six olympiakullastaan.
And they reiterated their stunt sijoituttuaan kuudensiksi modestly in March when the line in the World Cup finals in London, even though the Hoy has since decided to kilpauransa.
The Beijing and London Games, the problem was the erikoislähettäjä Jamie Staffin substitution.
This was achieved with just in time, when the Hindes appeared.
Hoyn indefinite suspension also created a vacuum that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
Skinner was a man, of which the British sports coaches insisted skotissa in relation to the potential, which is now understood.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with Hoyn mastery over four years ago - and Mr Skinner did olympiaennätyksen time-on time, but the New Zealand took the lead in the first round.
And brittikolmikko kaksintaistelun won the gold.
Hindes was narrowly behind after his tour of its own, but Kenny pushed the leadership of the team, and Mr Skinner had to stick with it.
Strategiamuutos was a big part of the metamorphosis, and it was one of the larger Hindesin driving heard, so that he would slow down and allow Kennyn and, in particular, the Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy was followed by their status as an expert on the BBC, and drew the attention of the Skinner, Kennyn Palkintokorokkeelle Hindesin and the attention of their office.
The 23-year-old glasgowlainen Skinner said: "Comparison is flattering."
I am just here to do my best and hankkiakseni reputation.
We Final olympiaennätyksen maailmanmestarit and we won.
It was an absolutely incredible.
There may be a better way to win.
Voitettuaan London 2012 Kennyn and alongside Hoyn Hindes admitted that it was deliberately crashed on the tracks after a bad startin.
He later withdrew her comments back in Britain, and the two rivals have complained about.
At the time, an overwhelming victory in the case had not been a similar problem.
Hindes said: "It was when it would have been on the podium in London, when it was so much of British flags."
Joukkueena we have found the link in the last three months.
We have lost so many maailmanmestaruutta, so winning the Olympic Games, once again, is simply fantastic.
One of the event, one of the people, who won a gold medal for a total of seven out of ten pyöräilylajista as well as in Beijing and London.
If this is a reflection of the development of the last five months, we expect a successful pyöräilystadionilla five days.
Kennyn on the basis of the condition is not at all impossible to imagine him toistamassa Hoyn urotekoa, olympiakullan one of the three winning at the Olympics.
It would mean that Kennyn - which is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on 23 March (that seems to be on the sacred day for British sport, which is also a Steve Redgraven, Mo Farah and Roger Bannisterin's birthday) - the total would rise to six gold medals and one silver.
It would be the same as the Hoylla.
Kenny is competing for the next sprintissä, which begins today and lasts for three days.
Boltonista from the 28-year-old said: "I enjoy now only this one.
FIS is always the best.
It will be overcome, together with the boys'.
Overcoming alone is, quite frankly, lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he wins another two kultamitalia, he should give the ritarin value."
This was the day the only mitalikilpailu, but Britain received more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull were the fastest time in the lives of the four, four kilometres joukkuetakaa-keep.
Their time was 3: 51: 943. "
London 2012 gold won the world record of 3: 51: 659.
The first round and finaali (22.42) will be held today, the second On the contest day, when Wiggins is bound to be the centre of attention.
He had a dispute with the judges yesterday before the time-journeys, when officials called him pituusmittaukseen.
In a women's competition, which will continue and will end tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker, Katie Archibald Milngavien maailmanennätysajassa when the clock ran at the time of 4: 13: 260.
Great Britain team has learned to trust that its mighty ratapyöräilyjoukkue to take control of the central part of the Olympic Games and to achieve a whole series of mitaleita.
Care in Beijing and London is truly exceptional and complete management, has been a downplaying expectations ahead of the Rio Games.
There has been a drama, not least of which was the technical director, Shane that progress has been made, the difference in April, as well as for the sake of seksismi- and kiusaussyytteiden suurhenkilöiden such as Hoyn and Victoria Pendletonin kilpauran, at the end of it.
Based on the first evening pyöräilystadionilla competitions, however, it seems that Britain now legendary reputation to emerge with a full orchestra, once again, that could be the case.
Portland sulaton sign for the future of the questionable because of the cuts
Portland alumiinisulaton Victoria, as well as the hundreds of workers' jobs, the future is uncertain, when the electricity plant jakeleva electricity company revealed that one of the owners of the factory is finishing jakelusopimuksen, so all the distribution is expected to be cut.
The measure will result in Victoria earlier this year, the administration's decision to keep the plant in operation, and that the aid will not be extended.
20 years of the period to the end of a subsidy in November.
Even in the 2000 jobs could be at risk of Alcoa Portland factory.
Even the 2000 jobs could be at risk, directly or indirectly, as a result of the closure of the factory.
In addition to the snowball effect may be possible, because the sulatto used to around 10 per cent of the entire electricity in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa's Point Henry sulaton Anglesean in the last year, which led to the closure of the plant.
Alcoa Portland sulatto will lose money and has come under threat of closure.
The measure will now for a number of years of speculation about the future of the plant, which began as a result of the strong Australian dollar and has recently due to the price of production at the plant.
AGL, which distributes electricity to the Latrobe alumiinisulatolle Valleyssa voimalastaan An from Loy Yang, said that it also expects to decide on the other three, the owner of the contract.
The majority of the factory is owned by Alcoa and Aluminan syndicate, and Chinese CITIC, as well as the Japanese Marubeni Corp is owned by smaller percentages.
"AGL expects the continuation of the functioning of the factory in Portland, which means that the sulaton physical shore will continue," it said.
According to AGL's contracts are the so called "suojautumissopimuksia ', which was supposed to come into force in November 2016.
Contracts are 12 months of delay between the de facto, so they run out in 2017.
"That is the reason why AGL looks forward to a productive outcome agreements tilivuodella 2017," I said.
Not all of the potential for AGL tulosvaikutuksia tilivuodesta 2018 forward limit at the moment, the wholesale price of electricity futures market strong prospects.
AGL said that it has already "in anticipation of the end of the" led to a decline in the value of the contracts on its books $187 million.
Alcoa, said that the decision to end the agreements "does not affect the Alcoa... 'ability to keep the smelting works in operation or secure electricity provision in sulaton."
The American company has said that it will set up a 20-year agreement with the Loy Yang in 2010, and that the agreement was supposed to come into force in November this year, but it has not yet explained why withdrew from the agreement.
Analysts have been wary of the Portland, as well as Victoriassa sulaton that is also located near Newcastle Tomagon the closure of the factory in the area because of the potential for the sake of the economic situation is dire.
In the past week, AGL's Executive Director Stephen Mikkelsen said analysts across the Portland spends approximately 600 megawatts of electricity and Tomago around 900 MW.
"If both factories will be removed from the market, it is a significant reduction in the [electricity] market demand.
We are in deep space, this would not be a good thing, "he said.
Kendall, not just a Kardashianien reality TV star, is the cover of the September Voguen
Kendall Jenner, 20, a model of the mother and manager Kris Kardashian clan Jennerin the fourth in the United States, is the daughter of Voguen the desired number on the September cover.
Kendall, who is Estee Lauderin Brand Ambassador and has been a model of Milan, Paris and New York muotiviikoilla, announced the news on Thursday on Instagram-to answer for.
"This cap looking in the room, which is full of dear people, made me itkemään," Kendall wrote.
Kansijulkistusta was followed by a curious (or perhaps just Kardashianien in the style of a suitable?), käsikirjoitettu reality-video, in which the whole Kardashian clan-Jennerin (excluding ongelmatapaukset Rob and Caitlyn, and which was joined by all suosikkiviihdesetä, Keeping Upin producer Ryan Seacrest) forgot her sister, cap, but which ended with the classic turning point: They suunnittelivatkin yllätysjuhlia.
It is almost every child of "syntymäpäiväjakson" kliseinen vuorosanat juonikuvio (Seacrest says, "you don't have to, of course, that we will forget you" aamupiirretyn pupujussin the credibility of Krisin), but had to make another tyttönsä in some way to take advantage of this publicity.
This, therefore, that we will be moved to a new era of Kardashianien Voguen in September.
Kendallin isosisko Voguen perhaps Kim went to the first (he shared it with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the newspaper in September, and the number is at the top of the league.
Voguen September is the number for the whole of the year, selling most of the edition.
It is more like a thickness of kahvipöytäkirjaa than muotilehteä, and No. attracts a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista fell from that last year's 832 pages opuksesta 615 was mainossisältöä).
Its kansitähden revelations are expected to be so vehemently that, over the last two years, the images of the newspaper have been leaked ahead of the official julkistusta.
The women have been on the cover, inter alia, Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, cover has indeed been more "julkkiksia, who act as models for the" than "models, which are julkkiksia."
Oscar winner and by Dior ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was the cover in 2013, a year after the Lady Gaga pride of place.
But if that were to occur, Jenner, the image of a generation which lehti menestysmalliksi "," would be the first category, he has a pretty good company.
These julkkikset are not famous relatives of people or realitytähtiä or today's young people, who know how to make good the Snapchat video (although Jenner is all of this).
They are, quite rightly, talented women who are doing the entertainment industry on.
Last year kansimalli Beyoncella Lemonaden has been with the publication of one of the strongest years of his career.
Not everyone, of course, not pleased Jennerin success.
His reality TV historiallaan Jennerin muotimaailmassa status there will always be fraught.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticised Jenneriä and his colleagues, Gigi Hadidia by calling them "ämmiksi this moment."
It is a sentiment that came to the fore again Jennerin Vogue as a result of the cap.
But tyytymättömyydessä pyöriminen is beside the point.
Kendall Jenner is Voguen the September cover of number portability.
He supermalli is in the purest sense of the word.
He is a model for Marc Jacobs.
He Fenamiphos you Estee Lauderin meikkivoidetta.
He and all his sister will sell you a pictures of themselves in their own, maksumuurin sovelluksissaan löytyvissä guarantees.
He sells pictures of Cindy Crawford tyttärestä which he took the LOVE-newspaper.
And leisure time, possibly, only to see the sisartaan Kourtneyta and his children, he is a reality TV star.
Community legal centres in turn away from 160 000 people every year
More than 160 000 people each year, the most vulnerable are turned away from the Community legal centres, at a time when the sector is preparing for the impact of the funding lisäleikkausten already pushed to the limit of its activities.
Queenslandissa three of the five people - mainly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, the victims of violence, those who do not have the means to fight against the unfair häätöjä and the like - are already out in their search for free legal advice and representation.
The limits of the legal services are preparing for the already venytetyt lisäleikkauksiin.
Next year, in June, these legal centres is expected to lose 30% of the federal funding.
Queensland, James Farrell, the director of Community Legal Centres, said that the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres -laskentaraportin according to the thousands of people who are already out of the year.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision does not be downgraded, the situation will only get worse.
"Queensland community legal centres are chronically underfunded, which means that every year, thousands of people are turned away from the volume of essential services," he said.
People who leave violent relationships with unmanageable debts, rampauttavia and the separation of families, unfairly torn from the workers - all these people have the legal problems, and this report shows that they do not get the help they need.
The federal government funding cuts of up to 30% in June 2017, which means that thousands of vulnerable Queensland residents are forced to navigate the complex legal problems in the middle of the without help.
We call on the Minister for Justice, as well as Queensland Senator George Brandisiin that they immediately to cancel these rahoitusleikkaukset, so that people can get the help they need legal problems.
Last year, the state government took its promise to raise the legal aid funding to the level of the national average.
Now is the time to look at the Community Legal Centre and the needs of their asiakasyhteisöjen Palaszczukin, and the government will invest in this important work.
Donald Trumpin campaign was summoned to court after it was claimed workers' with a gun
New York: Donald Trumpin campaign was summoned to court for the fact that they do not claim to have done nothing after that, when they were told that the campaign in North Carolina at the head of the action was threatened with a gun on employees in February on their driving Jeepissä.
The incident was described in the state of the campaign of the former ohjelmistoharjoittelija Vincent Bordinin raising the action on Wednesday Charlottessa the state court.
Bordini said, however, that he waited for months that the situation would be dealt with internally, before they realised that "it is not going to happen."
Päällikkö Earl Phillip "raised pistoolin, put the right etusormensa liipaisimelle and put in the context of the", expressing their opposition polvilumpiota Vincent Bordini said the action.
Valitettuaan the local and regional kampanjahallinnolle Bordini, heard that at least four other people who had had a similar experience with Phillipin, said the action.
"Aseita does not need to trigger damage aiheuttamiseksi, ” Bordini said the action.
The challenge comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate, has caused anger in North Carolina, he told the public that "the second increase in the number of people" - which, in general, as the owners of the arms and aseintoilijat - could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton would be elected, and should not be allowed to choose the judges.
Trumpin campaign, said that the media has taken his words out of context, and that he is not in favour of the violence.
Bordinin challenge seeking compensation for the control of the campaign, as well as the careless Phillipiltä of violence, abuse and causing tunnejärkytyksen.
Trumpin spokesman Hope Hicks did not respond to kommenttipyyntöön immediately.
Attempts to reach the Phillipiä did not succeed.
WCCB, the local uutistytäryhtiö Charlotessa Phillipin reported recently left the campaign.
His konsulttiyritykseensä Innovative Consulting Servicesiin the soittopyyntöön did not respond immediately.
Republikaanien presidential candidate Donald Trumpin campaign has been a controversial issue.
Legal case is Bordini against Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., a 16-CS-14300, the General Court of Justice, the Superior Court Division Country of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain will have to channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and to expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring the recovery and the blossoming of the entire mahan, not only to the local communities and across London.
To me, this was the Heathrow a great attraction, just as it was also at the 2012 London Games, when we saw the charm of a huge amount of effort to make sure that all of our people and our region would benefit from the games themselves.
The Olympic Games were a huge benefits Stratfordille and the East Endille.
And we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses close to Heathrow.
Simply to local communities to create 10,000 new one training course within and 40 000 new jobs, as well as youth unemployment will be removed from the airport.
Just as before the London 2012 Games, some will ajattelemana that the challenge for the expansion of Heathrow is too great.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Games, and that we would have shamed in the eyes of the world.
Any doubters were wrong in 2012, and they are going to be the wrong to London Heathrow.
There is always to climb, but Heathrow is responsible for every question, which it is presented.
As the Olympic Games, including Heathrow infrastruktuuriprojekti is one of the many, not just the few.
The expansion will have the opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs and £211 billion in economic growth, as well as leaving a legacy of skills and employment, as well as around the airport that across Great Britain.
We have a great team at Heathrow ’, which has taken £11 billion infrastruktuurisijoitusohjelman on time and budget rhythm: T5, which has been voted the world's best lentokenttäterminaaliksi for five years in a row, T2, which was built between the world's two Kiireisimmän the runway.
Now, the team is ready to take the third runway, which supports the £16 billion of private money.
The London Olympic Games in 2012 were a great success for Great Britain, and I am convinced that it is the expansion of Heathrow.
It is time for us to channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and to expand Heathrow ’, to ensure the future of our trade skills and employment, and to create a legacy of which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is Heathrow, Chairman of the Board and a former Treasury Secretary of the commercial.
Adblock Plus and the Facebook game of cat and mouse just on advertising
Businesses, who will receive the money into online advertising, the companies to bypass the advertisements are preventing the programme are a "game of cat and mouse," said one such a programme preparatory companies.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would prevent advertisements inhibitor used computer, Adblock Plus blogikirjoituksen was published on the website, which said that users will be able to upgrade programme filters to block advertisements, once again, the social network site.
On Tuesday, Facebook said that its web of lines of code from advertising, so that the advertisements estäjien would be more difficult to see which parts of the pages are advertisements.
But now Adblock says that it has been circulating the new code.
Blogikirjoituksessa Adblockin Representative Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of a round of advertisements, and the open source community between blocking its kiertäjien has been under way since the prevention of advertising was invented," and that it is possible that Facebook should come up with his own act soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has taken part in the battle, is a strong indication of how much of a concern of advertising estäjistä has become the industry.
Worldwide, about 200 million used in advertising, is reported to have been falling over the last year Pagefairin and Adoben research. This is almost four times the number who used these programs in 2013.
1.03 million active daily users to use Facebook mobile devices, and mobiilimainostus now covers 84% of the Facebook advertising revenue.
The company, however, is the computer used in advertising pages estäjien suit, because mobiilit advertisements inhibitor do not work in the social network Facebook mobiilisovelluksissa or Instagramille, the representative said.
Tietokonemainokset still bring enough revenue to Facebook took the measure of this kind of investment is worth it.
Also on Tuesday, Facebook said that it will update "mainosmieltymys" -työkaluaan to give people more power when it comes to how the advertisements will be allocated to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblockin the new filters were worrying, because they would prevent other than mainossisällöstä is also part of the site.
"This is not a good experience for people, and we have plans to tackle the problem," said a Facebook spokesman sähköpostilausunnossa.
The inhibitor are boring tools, which is why we have instead focused on building the Ad Preferencesin such as the use of tools that give the management of the people.
The woman was left in the car on the motorway, apparently as a result of suicide than sveitsiläisellä
Victim was lying on the ground on the motorway in the middle of the night.
The police are looking for witnesses after a woman was left on the motorway consider a number of less than in the early hours of Thursday's event, which was apparently suicide.
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges on the road for "Vaudin kantonissa just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman made a "desperate act" and has been in the dark lying on the road, where he hit a number of vehicles Vaudin, police said in the statement.
The Sacrifice, which clearly tried to kill himself, was one of the 49-year-old Swiss woman, which hit several vehicles, including a lorry.
He died at the scene.
Many of the drivers have already been arrested in connection with the case, but not all of them have not yet been identified, told police that appeals to them and all of the incident todistaneita witnesses to come forward.
Criminal investigation has been launched, which is a "logical" step in this kind of situation, a lawyer Gilles Hofstetter, told Le Tribune de Genevelle.
"It remains to be seen, however, whether the osallisista none of the drivers.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
It remains in the hands of the prosecutor, "Hofstetter said.
Over the past five years, the two similar cases suggest that drivers are not considered to be responsible.
In both cases - both of which was the person who walked in the dark on the motorway - estimated that motorists can expect they will face pedestrians on the motorway in the middle of the night, the Journal said.
Last year, the police officer was acquitted of negligence resulting from his osuttuaan kuolemantuottamusta tapettuaan and the man who was lying on the ground near the A! -tiellä Paynernea one night in August 2014.
22-year-old victim was drunk and had been extinguished on the road, the court was told.
The court said that the police officer, who was in reacting to hätäpuheluun, drove a reasoned manner, and that the man was "wholly exceptional paikallaolo on the road and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has information about the incident on Thursday near Morges', will call to the police by fax 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA Climate model: Venus was again to live
NASA estimates that the new ilmastomallin Venus was probably once lived.
Scientists NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies -tutkimuskeskuksessa developed a model to study of Venus in the past, using the tools and algorithms, which are similar to those used by working with it.
The model was designed to find out whether, Venuksella kuumine vedettömine täyttämine ilmakehineen pintoineen and carbon dioxide could sometimes be maankaltaiset conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that the slow process of Venus pyörimisnopeutta to explain its thick atmosphere.
But the latest simulaatio refers to the fact that Venuksella would have to be thin, Terrestrial atmosphere, and it would still have been able to turn slowly.
The model also examined the early pinnanmuodostusta of Venus.
Planeetalla was likely to be drier regions of the country, but there was once enough water and geographic variation in life and to prevent water haihtumiselta protection.
Early Venus also had the advantage of himmeämpi 30% of the sun.
"GISSin model of Venus, the slow pyöriminen päivänpuolen reveals that the sun for nearly two months at a time," explained researcher Anthony Del Genio GISSin uutistiedotteessa.
This warm surface and produces the rain, which will create a thick pilvikerroksen, which works as a kind of sateenvarjona in large part by protecting the surface of the sun.
The end result of this global average temperatures are, in fact, a few viileämmät higher than the country's current.
The model was Venus developments in the story, which is the same as what planeettatutkijat was previously assumed.
Although Venus probably was sometimes resident, it was exposed to the liialle lämmölle ultraviolettivalolle and many billions of years.
In the oceans were dashed and its vesihöyryt ultraviolettivalossa have burned down.
When the hydrogen fled, there remained only in the thick of CO2 into the atmosphere tappavine kasvihuonekaasuilmiöineen - Venus, which we are familiar with today.
Researchers shared the results of the new Venus ilmastomallistaan Geophysical Research Letters journal.
Patrick Roy is abandoning the coach pestistä Avalanchen
Patrick Roy walked out on Thursday in Colorado Avalanchen jääkiekkoasioiden Deputy Director General of the coach and the actions of the words attributed to the lack of empowerment in the process of making the team.
Colorado deputy / Director Joe Sakic confirmed the information, and said that the team will begin the search for a new coach immediately.
"Over the last three years, I have done my duty to Colorado Avalanchen jääkiekkoasioiden päävalmentajana and also through her excitement, with passion and determination," a 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
During the summer, I have thought long and hard about it, how I could improve this team to give it the necessary depth and move it to a higher level.
In order for this to be achieved, the coach jääkiekkoasioiden and Deputy Director General's point of view will be fully in line with the vision of the organisation.
He must also have the opportunity to influence the decisions that affect the team performance.
These conditions are not at the moment, is not going to happen.
Sakic, who recruited its Roy on 23 May 2013, thanked the Roy, see this contribution.
"Patrick told me of his decision today," Sakic said.
We appreciate all that he has done for the benefit of the organisation, and we wish him good luck in the future.
Roy was named the best league manager for the Jack Adams Award Award in the first Avalanchen during 2013 / 14.
He led the team to the point of 112 and the Central division to victory, but Minnesota brought down the Colorado pudotuspelien in the first round, and the team is not in the last two years to reach the continued.
During the period of the games of the 2015 Avalanchen 16 of the 39 ended in victory and defeat, 39 tasapeliin 4, and the team lost by five points in the Western Conference wild card Wildille menettäen pudotuspelipaikan.
Hall of Fame elected Goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cupia - two, as well as the Montreal Canadiensissa Avalanchessa.
In the North Sea öljytyöntekijät will continue negotiations and putting off strike
In the North Sea öljytyöntekijöiden työtaisteluita has been postponed because of a pay dispute, when all the parties to sit down for a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Lakkoja öljykentän A service company Wood Groupia against the occasional Royal Dutch Shell has been organised by the North Sea platforms.
"Wood Group, as well as the Unite- and the RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to resume the process, which is aimed at the current dispute settlement," the joint statement read.
We believe that in the next few weeks, a series of meetings throughout the day, starting from the early next week, so that we can take a fresh approach to the problems.
According to the trade unions of their recent työtaistelutoimensa, which they say will be the first for more than 25 years, was a protest against potential, by as much as 30 per cent palkkaleikkauksille.
This year, Wood Group has cut the fees of around 9% of the North Sea contractors because of negative markkinapaineen.
The company palkkiovähennys will be followed by the countries of the contractors, a 10% reduction from 2014.
The company said that further cuts would give the company to provide the necessary space to cope with the downturn in the market.
Shell, which, in turn, has cut thousands of people palkkalistoiltaan and announced plans to leave the oil and kaasutoiminnot up to 10 in the country, at a time when the company to streamline its operations as a result of its jättifuusiosta with British energy company BG Group.
Energiayhtiöillä matalammista is under pressure due to crude oil prices, and the economic situation is made worse by the British kesäkuullinen the decision to leave the European Union.
The Scottish MP Dave Anderson liittojohtajia met earlier this week to discuss one of the largest generation in the North Sea has jeopardized.
He said that the North Sea is essential to the economy of the region.
"We need the economy that works for the many, not just the few, so in the North Sea and across the country," he said in the statement.
In the North Sea is expected in 2016, less than the $1.4 billion of investment in new projects, while in the last five years has been an average of around $7 billion.
Kepler is measuring the stars pyörimisnopeutta Plejadien tähtijoukossa
The latest of the Kepler mission is helped to collect avaruusteleskoopin tähtitieteilijöitä täydellisimmän listauksen Plejadien tähtijoukon pyörimisnopeuksista stars.
The new information will help us to understand why tähtitieteilijöitä tähtijoukon vaihtelevilla speeds, the wheels of the stars, as well as to how the kiertoajat planeetanmuodostukseen.
"We hope that by comparing our results to other tähtijoukkoihin, now we learn more, for the sake of the mass of its age, and even in the history of the solar system," the relationship between the Caltechin infrapunan processing and analysis Pasadenan Centre researcher Luisa Rebull said lehdistöjulkaisussa
Plejadien cluster is located in 445 light years away from the country.
Many of the stars are born around 125 million years ago, and are now on the way to achieving aikuisuuden.
They are now huipputasollaan.
Huippupyörimisnopeudellaan aikuistuvat these stars of plunging into large quantities of tähtituulta.
When these winds go through the magnetic fields of stars, they put the brakes on the stars.
When the star is getting older, its Revolutions per minute begins to slow down.
Kepler is a test case for each star pyörimisnopeutta tähdenpilkkujen identify by following the arrival of these, such as auringonpilkkuja.
The latest list of stars pyörimisnopeuksien massiivisemmat refers to the fact that the stars revolve more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares with the stars tanssijoihin which the bigger make piruetteja more slowly than the smaller.
"Plejadien" baletissa "we can see that the slow pyörijät are usually massiivisempia, while the fastest pyörijät are usually very light stars, ” Rebull said.
Since the Plejadien cluster is so close, it is an ideal laboratory Cosmic pyörimisnopeuksilla the assessment of the properties of the stars.
"Plejadien pyörimisen ankkurin offers a cluster of stars, theoretical models, which include both directions, younger and older, ” Rebull said.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why the stars are slowing down pyörimisnopeuttaan and, so to speak, to hang 'tanssikenkänsä' tavallista up.
Rebull and his colleagues have described the latest analysis Plejadien pyörimisnopeuksista three in the article, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
