The 28-year-old chef was found dead at the mall in San Francisco
A 28-year-old chef from San Francisco recently found dead at the local shopping mall staging this week.
The brother of the victim, however, says that he does not know anyone who would have liked to hurt him, and states, "His affair finally did well."
The body, found at the Westfield Mall shopping center on Wednesday morning, was identified as 28-year-old Frank Galicia, San Francisco, from San Francisco's death investigator's office.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was attributed to a homicide and that the investigation is under way.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, told ABC's channel to KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who had previously served as a line doctor in Boston, had been dreaming for a job at the San Francisco-based Sons & Daughters restaurant line six months ago.
The Sons & Daughters representative said they were "horrified and shocked" by his death.
"We have a small team that works like a close family, and she will be longing for it," the representative said.
We will send our thoughts and condolences to Franko's family and friends during this difficult time.
Louis Galicia said that Frank stayed at the top of the hostel, but recently, "his case finally went well".
"He found an apartment and met a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said he did not know anyone who wanted to hurt his younger brother.
He was benevolent and had a great heart.
His way of feeling together with the family was to make us food, to have dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to be involved in any kind of controversy.
He was a brother who drifted with power.
"In a world where so many things are wrong, he was an abrasive diamond that shined brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information about it is asked to call the San Francisco Police Department hotline at 415-575-4444.
Practitioners at Strike: Requirements for new industrial action
Representatives of trainee trainees have asked their trade unions to accept new industrial action in their dispute over the new agreement.
The British Medical Association (BMA) Junior Doctors Committee Committee (JDC) asks the whole Council to support new industrial action measures since the beginning of September.
JDC says that the ministers have failed to catch up on the deal.
In July, doctor trainees and medical students voted in favor of rejecting an agreement agreed with BMA.
58% of the votes cast rejected it.
On Thursday evening, in a letter to Twitter published by Twitter, Ellen McCourt, chairman of JDC, said the government had remained "persistent silent" questions that led to the rejection of the agreement.
He said: "In this light, the JDC's government has voted to completely reject the proposed new agreement and demanding formal renegotiation of all your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC government has today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council in order to get an early progressive and expanding industrial action program starting early in September.
This controversy has been followed by the fact that trainees have participated in six strikes this year, including the first complete disruption in NHS healthcare history.
The BMA doctor trainee manager, Doctor Johann Malawana, resigned after the vote had rejected the negotiated terms agreed by the BMA.
He had told BMA members meetings before the 54,000 doctor trainee and student's votes that the agreement was good and should be approved.
After the vote, Jeremy Hunt, the health minister, said the agreement would be imposed on doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: outside consortium?
Ele, which ended in crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to skip each other and to announce the eight-month term of fighting for words and economic sanctions officially ended.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted her Turkish counterpart in the gold-plated hall of the St Petersburg Palace, I got a clear impression that Ankara wanted more than this reconciliation.
Yes, the event was shrouded.
But Putin's smile seemed confusing, and he did not threaten the heat, even according to his own lowly standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke constantly of his "beloved friend" from Putin - five times according to a report.
On the bill.
He also vowed that relations with Russia would return not only to the pre-crisis level, but even better.
The next day the newspapers described Erdogan behaving like no evil would ever have happened.
In my opinion, his intonation seemed to contrast.
But the radiant coolness of Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks: when Turkey fired down a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at that time was furious.
Putin invaded by accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow on his back.
The insult was even worse when it came from a supposed friend.
Rebuilding genuine trust will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
The opinion of the Russian public has also changed since November.
For months, the state-dominated media led to an astonishing, thorough attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that the Turks were guilty of everything.
The worst was the allegations made by senior officials that Erdogan's own family had benefited from illegal oil trading in Isis-controlled Syrian regions.
He has forbidden this with force.
But in St. Petersburg, the official message was that it is time to move forward.
After all, this meeting happened only because Putin received an apology from President Erdogan.
Russia achieved some kind of victory.
The benefits of agreeing to a stark rapporteur are clear.
First of all, Erdogan needs all possible friends after almost being overthrown by power in last month's failed coup.
Continued terrorist attacks in Turkey have also clearly shaken him.
There is also an economic motive.
Russian economic sanctions have been heavy, especially the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian troops to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has dropped by almost 90 percent.
For Russia, local tour operators and charter airlines are certainly relieved when flights finally continue.
They are hoping for a late fall into the Mediterranean.
And already this week, state TV has predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables after the import of agricultural products from Turkey again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as was the case in the Vedemosti newspaper report.
But the visit also had political added value for Moscow.
In the wake of anger, they are angry with the West for what is considered a weak response to attempted coup.
When it is added to the long-awaited rush of EU membership negotiations, Putin, who is keen to exploit the coolness and to break Turkish ties with the West, comes out.
The Russian leader was guaranteed to receive stakes from Ankara, where he called after the revolutionary company to support the designated authorities.
Sure, this is the case for Moscow, who has a deeply rooted fear of a change of power.
So this meeting in the praiseworthy seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present "outside consortium", as one analyst described the situation to me: two countries who feel that Westerners have abandoned them and misused them by combining their forces.
However, these two have major disagreements, despite the public reconciliation.
The key problem is Syria, where Moscow has recently adopted itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite sides.
It can be very gratifying that, after almost three hours of initial talks, the presidents told the press that they had not even considered it.
The Turkish President deliberately avoided answering the question of their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize them.
There is no clear consensus on where they can find a common ground for Syria.
After the months of open hostility and taking into account the possibility of a complete disaster, NATO member Turkey shooting down a Russian fighter plane, it is certainly better that the two leaders are again in the speeches.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears from outside of Scotland
According to the Bank's CEO, the RBS brand is reduced to the back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears from outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand joined the Bank's international goals.
After the bank nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be rescued, it abandoned these goals.
Bank strategists have used the 'RBS' brand to protect other consumer finance brands at this time.
It was supported by the millions of sponsors of international sport sponsored by Six Nations, Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now it is considered right to let national brands come in the foreground.
Royal Bank of Scotland is in use with Scottish customers, but it is not restarted.
In England and Wales, all RBS references, with the exception of the main offices and stock exchanges, are converted to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already in use by customers in Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller private banking brands that gain more visibility: Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwania was interviewed for customers and staff in the Inverness Shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand becomes our investor brand and our employer, because we now have a lot more brand banking."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
So I say that we no longer have global goals, we have local goals.
Each of these brands means something very different in their own communities, and our staff works with customers under these brands.
RBS has already said that it will not continue the Six Nations sponsorship and has raised the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
"We now have time to move to the brand's bank, because basically (we have asked) is about how we can focus on making a better bank for this customer," the CEO said.
Three years ago I would have been very cynical if we had said that we would be a great bank for customers and offered these brands.
But with what we have done, we have focused on the needs of our customers, not ours, I believe you will see a lot of changes.
We can bring those brands back, so I think the time is right.
Frankie Dettori wins with Newcomer Predilection and achieves 3,000 wins
Dettori sprays champagne after winning a total of 3,000 wins after the double win
Racer Frankie Dettori secured his 3000th British victories in Newmarket on Friday.
He reached the milestone in the evening with his second win at home, competing with John Gosden by coaching Predilection.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who achieves this milestone in racing.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
The three-time champion Dettori, who won earlier in Ghayyar, said: "This is special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too.
I am very pleased that this happened in Newmarket because I started here 30 years ago.
This is not a big event, this is not a Royal Ascot, but a regular Friday night and 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and very humble.
Dettori absorbs cheers as he draws Predilection out after winning.
Two racing riders have reached this milestone in the odds race - master jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had a record-breaking career of over 4300 wins.
Lester Piggot, 9-time Derby winner, 4493 wins
Frankie is one of the best racing fans in the current era, and it is no surprise that he has achieved this milestone that few have achieved before.
He is elegant and strong, but his tactical apex separates him from other weighing rooms.
He is a great messenger for competitions, his intonation and charisma have attracted fans to the race for years.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he would have ridden 6,000 winners if he was not just a weekend and big jockey!
Seriously speaking, Frankie has ridden the winners in Great Britain for most of the 30 years, which is great to see.
He is a lively person who is a good thing for British competition, but besides, he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated a milestone with a flying landing on a saddle.
From flying finishes to flying landings, Frankie Dettori has been the face of British horse racing for two decades.
This has been a roller coaster.
He wound up victories in major competitions, including his famous "Magnificent Seven" at Ascot in 1996, but he also survived an airplane accident and suffered a ban on drugs because of it.
Three years ago, he was difficult to come home after a six-month non-competition ban, but he showed significant character strength when challenging the skeptics and returning to their best condition.
And he may continue for a long time - Dettori has said in the past that he would like to continue competing at least 50 years of age.
Russian Putin dismisses Chief of Staff Sergey Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly separated Chief of Staff Sergey Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's trusted insider for many years.
The 63-year-old has now been appointed Special Envoy for Environment and Transport.
The Kremlin statement said that Putin had "ordered Ivanov to leave the post of President of the Russian Presidential Administration," but no reason was given.
Ivanov's deputy director since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
Only, 44, is a former diplomat.
He was born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 2012, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served at the Tokyo Embassy.
Later he led the protocol and government staff of the president, said on the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
When he was appointed, he said to Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
In my opinion, the most important task of government is to support you as a head of state, in terms of drafting laws and managing your implementation of your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his case and recommended that Vaino be appointed to replace him.
Are the Smiles Positive?
This is a movement that has confused Moscow.
Sergey Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies, and, like Putin, was the Soviet security service at the KGB.
As Chief of Staff, he was one of the most influential men in the country.
At a meeting of state television with President Putin, both men argued that the Chief of Staff withdrew from his own request.
But despite the smiles of cameras, few people here are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So, is this just an afterthought of some sort of power struggle?
No one yet knows.
But the official claim that a man once promoted to become a potential candidate for president suddenly wants to lead Russia's environmental policy has been very suspicious.
In his quoted comments to Putin on the Kremlin website, Ivanov said "it's true that early in 2012 I asked you in the debate to give me a four-year responsibility for this very complicated, even to say, laborious task.
Well, now I've been Chief of Staff for four years and eight months. "
Ivanov accepted the task in December 2011.
He previously served as Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the State Security Service at the KGB as well as Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was the head of state security at the FSB, replacing the KGB, Ivanov was appointed deputy leader.
When Putin came to power, he mentioned Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
It was once thought that Ivanov could become Russian President Putin after the second season, as Putin's third season would have been against the constitution.
This task, however, went to another Putin's close ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to his presidency only three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds, Thomas Gibson, got a shoe as he hit the producer
Last month, Gibson was involved in a physical controversy at a series shooting scene in Los Angeles.
A series of producers, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, announced his separation in a joint statement.
Special Agent Aaron Hotchner Gibson made an apology on Thursday before his dismissal was announced.
There were creative differences and controversy on the scene.
The way it happened, "he said in his statement.
According to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, details of how Gibson's character is removed from the FBI agents team is to be expected later.
The 54-year-old starred in the Dharma & Greg storyline has been involved in the series since its first season in 2005.
"I love the Criminal Minds series, and I have given it all for the last twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I had hoped to be in the end, but it is not possible now.
I just want to thank the writers, producers, actors, incredible workgroup, and above all the best fans a series can have.
The start of the twelfth season of the series is scheduled for September 28th.
Mystery fish came to the garden in Banff
A resident of Banff has asked for help to identify the fish that have appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be the windmills that the water wheel has left behind.
Bain, who lives 500 meters from the sea, published in Periscope film material about the revelation, hoping that someone could clarify the appearance of two-inch-long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: The bridge now extends to Fifeen
The 1.35 billion pound project is now expected to be ready by May 2017
The engineers have joined the Queensferry overcrowded north deck and the maasillan, which means that the bridge now extends to Fifeen.
It is the first of the four enclosures between the "shells" that are now being completed around every three pillars of the bridge.
The bridge section of Fifth is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 loops.
The 1.35 billion pound project is now expected to be ready by May 2017.
Minister of Economy Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from land to bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry's overcrowded site.
We are witnessing all the really impressive engineering work in this project that has used more than 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel alone to build this bridge section. "
Despite the enormous size and weight of the bridge, the finalization of the bridge between the bridge and the bridge deck is a demanding operation in which extreme precise dimensions have to be matched.
Overall, almost 79% of the bridge deck is now in place and the concrete section of the last part of the deck is cast today in Rosyth, meaning that the entire deck is ready to be mounted on the bridge.
Michael Martin, head of the Fort Crossing Bridge Constructors project, said: "The first barrier in any bridge project is always a major milestone.
In this fantastic project, this shutter represents the tip of building technology.
When the last road section was installed and connected to the expanding north pole road, we had to close the remaining part of the north, that is, the hinterland-side side.
This was done by dragging the landline of the northern fairway 700 mm in the south.
This was a huge and at the same time very demanding measure.
Huge because the groundbreak is 222 meters long, weighs about 6000 tons and had to be pulled about 3% at the inclination angle.
Demanding because the permissible dimension deviations that the team worked on were tiny, just a few millimeters in either direction.
Luckily, however, everything went well.
Rescue at Moelfre Bay: Three men are "fortunate while alive"
Three men are "fortunate while alive" after falling off their fishing boat in front of Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI rescue boat station made an alarm at 13.20 (BST) on Friday after the crew saw an event evolving in Moelfre Bay.
Three men desperately tried to swim their boats while continuing to move on.
"We saw the boat circling closer to the men and we figured the worst," said Moelfre's lifeboat manor Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, a strong wind had blown it away from them by the time we got in," he added.
The local fishing boat rescued two men, and the third, 60-year-old man was found exhausted in hanging a buoy without a life jacket.
The men were taken to the rescue boat and brought back to the lifeboat station.
Jones said, "These three men in the water are lucky to be alive and completely harmless.
The boat engine had a knock-out rope, but it was somehow disconnected from the boat when the boat crashed.
Someone took care of these guys today.
Pokémon Go is a respectable hunting of health and happiness
It's fascinating to see how the world is changing.
Over the past decade, many have been sorry that teenagers and kids no longer go out to play but rather prefer to spend time watching their free time.
Pokémon Go lets people get up from the couch and participate in some activity.
The screen time was initially limited to television, then video games and, more recently, smart phones.
It is therefore great to see that technology and outdoor activity do not rule out one another.
Of course, I'm referring to a Pokémon Go game called "Pokémon Go", which is based on characters originally developed in the 1990's for video games (later a series of drawings, playing cards and other extras).
Like many pop-culture phenomena, its popularity was somewhat diluted before the release of this new game in the United States, Australia and New Zealand early in July.
After that, the release of the game in other countries was postponed, as huge popularity overloaded the servers.
Only days ago Pokémon Golla had more users than Tinder and almost as much as on Twitter.
How does it work then?
In a nutshell, gamers use their smartphones in search of Pokémon that are tracked by GPS and can be "photographed" (by phone screenshot) or "captured" after finding them.
The generation that played the game younger, has joined the craze and jumped up from the couch to search.
In the US, the game has led to a remarkable increase in the daily steps of the "average person".
The Apple Watch Cardiogram, which follows 35,000 users, recently told Washington Post that within two days of the release of the game, the number of people moving 30 minutes a day jumped from 45 to 53 percent in Cardiogram users.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Gota, it only sees the placement information.
Many public health campaigns call "find 30", "get up on the couch" and "not active every day" have produced no results because most of the public health warnings are tedious and passed on by people who look unhappy.
However, the importance of sport can not be undermined.
Regularly moving people have a lower risk of cancer or depression.
Activity helps in weight management, high blood pressure, and diabetes. Its benefits are too diverse to be listed here.
Pokémon Gon's fineness is in making people go out and do something they enjoy.
This covers three pillars of health: exercise, fresh air and sunshine, as well as fun.
Some people even get hunted for new friends.
As usual, ridiculous cheerleaders are looking for things to complain about.
Yes, someone can walk around the door.
What about then?
There has been a breakthrough.
Although earlier it was applications like Fitbit that could track activity, they did not give a reason to move in the same way as this game.
New entourage will disappear and use will decrease in time.
However, due to the success of Pokémon, there will be other games that combine applications and virtual reality with real-world activity, helping many hunters to be more active, healthier and healthier.
Read Dr Joe's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles picked up gold in a women's gymnastics match
Forget the pressures.
Forget publicity.
Simone Biles is immune to everything.
Energetic in the jump.
Smooth boom.
An incredible masterpiece.
Great everywhere.
And now, in the end, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast achieved the championship title on Thursday, leaving the gap between the world and the world behind the Olympics.
His total score, 62,198, was clearly better than the silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafinan.
US Simone Biles balanced the women's gymnastics match in the finals of individuals at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on Thursday.
Biles became the fourth American woman to win the championship championship and, overall, the fifth American champion, at the same time, she strengthened her reputation for her generation, and perhaps the best of all time.
He burst into tears as his final points were announced, and his long journey towards this moment ended.
This achievement raises his class with other generations of the best athletes, including Michael Phelps, who have brought their race to a new level:
Biles has dominated his last three years, winning 15 world championships, including 10 gold, with programs that have been amazed by the mix of ambitiousness and precision that 1984 Olympic Master Mary Lou Retton called him "the best I can see as a gymnast".
The last test was in Brazil, a competition that was not so much between Biles and other competitors, but between the burden of her and the over-expectations.
Returning to a family home in Texas Spring without a handful of gold medals would have been a disappointment.
US Simone Biles, on the left, and Aly Raisman wanna win gold and silver medals (in that order) for women's gymnastics in the finals of individuals at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on Thursday.
Biles reached the first medal on Tuesday when he was at the start of the national team co-ordinator, Martha Karoly, who is the culmination.
Although Biles claimed that he had never thought of the future as he walked a long way to the top, it was not entirely true.
Part of his permanent program - that includes his trademark tug-of-war - has been adapted to Latin American music that would also fit the street near the Rio Olympic arena.
This is not a coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a toddler, and whose coach Aimee Boorman's mother found when the girl was in the study-room where Boorman had gone, has become a force.
He has not missed the match since summer 2013, and this winning streak will continue as long as Biles wants.
Although Mustafina was in a small lead after two rounds, it was just an illusion.
The balance booth and the stand where Biles is the dominant world champion, were waiting.
He climbed to the top with 15,433 boom points and exceeded them by taking 15,933 on the base.
Raisman hated him benevolently as they waited for the end points - a mere formality - and the tears came to Biles's glitter red, white, and blue-bound eyes when the dream of which he once wrote his scrapbook came true.
Raisman's performance was some sort of revision four years ago when he was in third place but lost bronze at Mustafina's rebuild.
This time, the 22-year-old team leader whom the Americans call "grandmother" was clearly in charge.
He sent flight attendants to the public after his Permission to return to the tunnel for return, which at times seemed questionable.
As for Bileshi, the widespread tweetening of this 19-year-old this past week has a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims of serial killings were shot while listening to music in the car
Two women and 12-year-old girl dead in the deadliest attack on Phoenix's last serial killer scene in the last decade were sitting in the car talking and listening to music when they were shot, this was announced in a police release on Thursday.
The authorities said that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis, and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot dead on a car park on 12 June.
The note states that the shooter on the passenger side of the car was able to launch up to eight times in the handgun and then fled with another vehicle.
According to the police, the triple-trap did not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take handbags or another $ 2,900 adult victim.
Phoenix Police Officer Jonathan Howard, Chief of Conductor, said the shooting was for researchers to see if it was linked to four previous attacks.
A total of seven people have died and two were wounded in the nine offenses that took place in four major Latin American districts over a four-month period.
"These happen in a residential area in front of the house," Howard said earlier this month to CBS's subsidiary KPHO.
The suspect is believed to have used a number of vehicles, such as the late 1990s Nissan Brown, the late 1990s Black BMW, and White Cadillac or Lincoln.
Scientists have refused to disclose evidence that led to the conclusion that the attacks are related and are the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was injured due to his injuries to a hospital where he later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis' daughter, Maleah, died at the venue.
An eyewitness told the police that they often sat in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also issued a police bulletproof firing that took place only half an hour before the triple crash, targeting a vacant open car, which is also believed to have been a serial killer.
The researchers found the bullets of the bullets, the bullet seat, and the bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
6-year-old mother with microcephaly: "The situation is getting easier"
Edmund Picciuto, like most other six-year-olds, loves singing, toys and of course his mother.
But, unlike a large part of his or her peers, Edmund is small-headed. This is the result of a genetic disorder that her mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, did not know when she was pregnant.
"When he came home for the first time, my first thought was that I could not do this.
I can not do this.
I did not agree with this.
Which is not true at all - of course I promised, "he said.
He and his husband, Vincent, were told that Edmund may not ever learn to recognize them and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested that he be placed in institutional care.
"My first reaction was that" I did not know people would still do it, "Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks through the walker.
Edmund did not sit or fall asleep until three years old, and he still does not speak.
But he slowly achieves some milestones.
He walks with help and runs on a bicycle.
She also loves playing with her two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows how Edmund's Known Signs refer to "Sing to Me".
"We teach him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But this is not an ordinary sign language - he says Edmund has invented some of his own signatures.
Microsephaly may be due to a variety of reasons: genetic, such as Edmund, or viral infections such as measles or Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it affects the lives of Zika infected people.
Picciuto remembers the uncertain future load of emotion.
I just asked what was going to happen.
What about the event?
And he still does not know.
I did not actually ask for a forecast in time, because I do not expect anyone to really give me that.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice to mothers whose babies have a birth defect due to Zika.
The situation is easier.
You can believe that the situation is easier.
You love your kids, and your child loves you.
Heavy rain and floods caused rescue operations in Mississippi, Louisiana
Heavy rain and widespread floods in Louisiana were given by the governor to declare an emergency on Friday, with more rain expected on Saturday.
The National Weather Service reports that the numerous rivers in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippi flooded their gutters and caused a large flood of floods due to extremely heavy rains.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said the state authorities are in constant contact with local authorities and that assistance is already coming to the districts in need.
State Secretary for Security and Emergency Preparatory Affairs, Mike Steele, said they received requests for high-speed vehicles, boats and sandbags.
Steele said that Tangipaho County alone asked tens of thousands of sandbags.
The flood watch is valid until Saturday until most of southern Louisiana.
The weather service said in the statement that there are still three to five cents more rain expected in the area.
In South Alabama, the flood was on Friday when the rain continued in the Mobile area.
The River Comite flowing near Baton Rouge and the River Amite, which runs near Denham Springs, are both located in Louisiana, and were projected to set a flood peak during the weekend.
Coordinator Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood several houses near the suburbs near Baton Rouge.
He also said that there is a threat to the downfall of the Ascension District on the river, as the rivers flowing slowly into Lake Maurepas Lake.
The River Tickfaw, flowing south of the Mississippi River Lousiana River in Liverpool, was at the highest level ever since Friday morning at nine.
Rescuers still pick up people from flood waters in Amite and Wilkinson districts in southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, along with his wife and son, were on Friday near Gloster among the rescuers.
62-year-old Hansford says that normally at a distance of more than 400 feet, the water of Beaver Creek in his house rose fast during the night.
He says that another resident boy warned him.
"We woke up, and the water just continued to rise," Hansford said.
It stretched to my waist.
Hansford's wife told her husband that she had not seen the brook of water so high for the 48 years she had been living in.
Hansford said that both he and his family have all the injuries and that he is the only one who is swimsuit.
Hansford said the rescue workers rescued the triad in a large, army-style truck and took them to Gloster's fire station where the rescuers stayed on Friday.
Krautmann says that the floods "spread rapidly wide" as heavy rains continue and that authorities plan evacuation regulations.
Krautmann says an eyewitness near Livingston reports 13.75 inches of rain between midnight and Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the country had been completely saturated by the heavy rains that continued until Wednesday.
Heavy rain and the flooding of the streets led to the rescue of residents of the Tangipaho district from their homes and to the fall of the lessons in the five school districts, the authorities said.
CBS subsidiary WWL reports that in Tangipaho, a city council member said 200 homes were flooded.
The residents were evacuated to two churches, but both are now under fire.
The district chairman, Robby Miller, said the authorities rescued 72 people and 7 pets who had been stranded in high tide.
Amit and Hammond's towns have opened shelter for those who have been evacuated.
"They will get back to their homes when the water begins to fall," he said.
In the city of Hammond, in Tangipaho County, about twenty streets were shut down due to high tide, and residents were able to pick up sandbags to try and keep water out of their homes and shops.
"The last major flood here was in March," said Lacy Landrum, the city's managing authority.
This is a similar case.
In Mississippi, Harris County Emergency Head Rupert Lacy said that steady rain continued on the Gulf of Mexico.
He said that on Thursday, a handful of houses were reported flooding, but so far no frustration has been reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, owner of Shopper Value Foods, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen before," Townson said, "and rain is still going on."
Six-year-old Mahaj Brown, "full of bullets", survives the Philadelphia Shootout
Police say a six-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, which means shooting another six-year-old town in the city this week.
Her grandparents told CBS Philadelphia her name Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown had several gunshot wounds, including groin, leg, hand and stomach, but he was conscious when he was transferred to the hospital.
"He suffered a lot, his little body was full of bullets," her grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
I can not believe it.
In the hospital, the boy's condition has been recorded as critical and has been subjected to several cuts.
The family tells the station that he is expected to recover.
The boy was about to start the first class in the local primary school.
Brown was one of four people in the Germantown Quarter.
Three men were also fired: two 29-year-olds and 32-year-olds.
One of the 29-year-old men was reported to be in critical condition, the other two were in stable condition according to CBS Philadelphia.
The kid was found shot in front of a car with a 29-year-old in critical condition, the position reported.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police are investigating whether one of the injured men could be a shooter.
Scientists tell CBS Philadelphia that it looks like there was a cross between multiple shooters.
Attack type type corks, which come from various types of attack weapons, filled the venue.
It seems that this was definitely an ongoing struggle.
There were corks on both sides of the sidewalk.
"It looks like there were a number of armed fighters here, and they were in an active battle," Philadelphia Police Chief Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Several houses and vehicles in the area also received hits.
No detentions have been made and according to the information received, the police are investigating surveillance camera tapes.
Another six-year-old girl got a misfortune hit his hand on Tuesday when he was playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
He's recovering, and the police are still looking for suspects.
Why do we need Simone, Gabby and Laurieta?
So I call this year's Women's Olympic gymnastics team for more than one reason.
First of all, I've been in every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the USA has never been so dominant.
And secondly, this team includes three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have inspired many colored girls.
The composition of this team, complemented by Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Koci, is all boast.
This team will, in the end, show you from America.
It has also established the presence of black-and-deaf Latin women at the top of the species.
For the last four years, the most successful female powermaker has been an African-American.
Last year Simone and Gabby were the first and the second.
This is awesome.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas surprised the Olympic champion, and America laughed.
Now the world has been able to prove the incredible performances of triple world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, in which they present unexpected but masterful gymnastics.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American woman who has consecutively won an individual in the women's multiplayer.
And team-mate Aly Raisman got silver.
We see the top of the race but the situation does not look like this in gymnasiums across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie went all the way to Aly and Madison when they reached the Olympic team.
They are "Final Five" (the last five) because there will be only four gymnasts in the next Olympic Games gymnastics team and this is Marta Karoly's last year as a coach.
The reality is, however, that gymnastics are expensive, and gymnasts usually practice in private gymnasiums maintained by parents who pay coaching, facilities, tours, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (coaches, their gymnasts and families) and the list goes on.
Much of these gymnasiums are located in prosperous suburban neighborhoods that can support the species.
In these clubs, gymnasts get all their coaching, and this is a costly and long-standing commitment to the gymnasts' families.
Aimee Boorman, coach Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach Laurie Hernandez, both have been training their athletes since they started gymnastics.
We need to bring cheaper and more available gymnastics training to communities where many young girls are inspired by Simon, Gabby, and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In our organizations, we have offered free and low-cost gymnastics in Harlem to more than 15,000 urban young people (mainly blacks and Latinos) and we have trained national and international masters.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics for young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this significant Olympic genre.
Gymnastics develop body strength, flexibility and coordination, as well as mindwork, discipline, and determination.
This combination provides lifelong benefits to good health, school and job success.
This team inspiration will get thousands of young girls to start gymnastics and that's great.
Participation in sports is so important, especially for girls.
We live in an exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for showing you a serious "girl power" by winning the Olympic gold medal and motivating so many young girls from different backgrounds to start on a healthy, strong and successful young womanhood.
Doctors trained in new strikes, rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
The ministers had hoped to end the controversy by agreeing to an improved agreement with the British Medical Association staff members, but 58% of the 37,000 attending physician trainees rejected it.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to force the agreement, saying that the NHS was "on unknown ground" and that even minor additional delays would hurt staff and patients.
The first doctor trainees will be transferred to a new agreement that includes changes to night and weekend work practices to improve care during difficult hours.
Dr. Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA Medical Practitioners Committee, said in a statement last night: "Medical practitioners still face serious concerns about the proposed agreement, in particular to accelerate the existing labor crisis and not treat all doctors equally."
With the time left for the first group of doctors to move to the new contract for only eight weeks, progress has to be made and the time is running out of the way.
BMA's companies settle the dispute through negotiations have faced the government side with reluctance to participate and occasionally deep silence.
So despite Jeremy Hunt's promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt should work now, remove the sanction and take into account the concerns of doctors.
If he does not do that, trainees are willing to continue working in the industry.
The last strike at the end of April meant nearly 13,000 routine cuts and 100,000 waiting times when nurses and consulting doctors were recruited to replace surgeons in armored guards.
The ministers had hoped to end the controversy by agreeing to an improved agreement with the staff of the British Medical Association.
BMA wants a better weekend wage for the contracted 54,000 doctor trainees.
Daniel Mortimer, Managing Director of the NHS Employers Association, appealed to doctors in order not to go to strike.
Mortimer said, "There is little or nothing at stake in the labor camps, but they put pressure on teams and services that are already in the tough conditions, and cause concern, anxiety and disturbance to patients, caregivers and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been discussing with the Junior Doctors Committee and, together with the Ministry of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
Employers were hopeful that continued positive discussions on other key issues - such as development, flexibility in training, additional training on sabbatical leave, training costs, mutual recognition of the curriculum, study leave and gender pay differentials in medicine - are a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Ministry of Health are respected in November, February and May.
Two pounds a day paying medication can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of heart attack patients are benefiting from two pounds of a day-long medication after the authorities have advised it to be given to people for longer.
The blood clotting drug, ticagrelor, drops the risk of renewable seizures in people with heart disease.
The drug is given for 12 months after a heart attack in order to reduce the risk of stroke or other seizure.
NHS Supervisor NICE has advised that it should be given to humans for four years to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now NHS Supervisor NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years to continue to lower the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Approximately 140,000 people receive a heart attack each year in England, and a quarter of them get a second episode or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are due to the build up of arterial wall fat that forms stenoses.
If the stenosis ruptures, it may cause blood clots that prevent blood flow to the heart causing a heart attack.
If the clot is released, it may pass along with the blood and break the bloodstream into the brain causing stroke.
People who have already received one scene have an increased risk of getting one.
Ticagrelor, manufactured by AstraZeneca, an isobritanian company, sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the coagulation less likely.
Today's draft NICE guidelines recommend that humans be given 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60 mg aspirin twice daily for the next two years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of NICE's Health Technology Assessment Center, said: "Despite the availability of effective preventive therapies, up to a quarter of heart attackers will later have a second heart attack or stroke, the consequences of which are often devastating."
The fear of recovery may have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of a person.
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, together with aspirin, is effective in calculating the risk of later heart attacks and stroke in people who have already had a heart attack.
As we preliminarily recommend ticagrelor, we are pleased to increase the available treatment options for many thousands of potential beneficiaries.
Since ticagrelor's efficacy and safety data - especially with regard to bleeding risk - over three years are limited, the draft guidelines do not recommend treatment longer than this period.
The culture of political correctness allows the booming of electoral fraud in Muslim areas
Former Mayor of the Tower Hamlets, Lutfur Rahman, was removed from office last year for corruption, giving an impetus to the government's report.
The culture of political correctness has led to the ignorance of widespread pollination in Muslim communities, revealed today in a shocking government report.
Former Prime Minister Sir Eric Pickles urged police, election officials and city councils to ignore evidence of electoral fraud due to "race and religion-related hypersensitivity".
The former secretary of the Community, the current emperor for anti-corruption, said that the intimidation of voters on religious grounds is so serious that the police should be allowed to set guard chains outside the polls to protect fearful voters.
He recommends that voters should present an identity card by voting to prove who they are.
Today, the voter only needs to say his name and address.
In the report it is even suggested that a finger of the voting person be put in an irresistible ink so that no one could vote twice.
Reporters should be better protected, Sir Eric says.
He wants the press to have more access to council documents and decisions made by informal committees or working groups.
"This would not only protect the election boycott, but would protect the local government from the widespread culture of corruption and economic deception that goes hand in hand with the electoral fraud," he said.
The government commissioned a report following the London-based Tower Hamlets in London.
Last year, the Special Forces Court decided that a sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed as a result of numerous allegations of corruption and illicit activity.
The court found Rahman's "cynically distorted" religious feelings in Muslim communities and slandered his criticism of allegations of racism and Islam.
Rahman is said to have "led his electoral campaign on the grounds that it was a religious duty of loyal Muslims to vote for him".
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of a person voting to appear in another.
Sir Eric said evidence of fraud was found throughout the country.
He expressed particular concern over the election of electoral fraud by mail, where members of the high-ranking Muslim community were said to have pressured people to vote for their candidate.
Sir Eric, in the picture, made a number of recommendations for cleaning up the voting system, including proof of identity with an identity card
He reports: "There was evidence that some vulnerable members of ethnic communities, especially women and young people, were pressured to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background.
"It was expressed concern that ... state institutions had ignored such behavior for 'politically correct' racial and religious-related hypersensitivity."
Sir Eric has put forward 50 proposals to clean up the system, including banning political activists from dealing with postal ballots so that "collection of votes" would end.
The report, which Theresa May looks at, also calls for stricter amendments to the registrants in order to prevent the use of the electoral register for immigration and compensation fraud.
Consider alternatives to witnessing voter identity before voting.
Use an unbroken ink on the finger of a person voting so no one can vote twice.
Perform systematic national reviews to make sure they are eligible to vote.
Set a three-year limit for requests by automatic post-polling.
Prevent political activists from handling voice mails and envelopes that have been sent by post.
Let the police set guard chains around polling stations.
Change the law so that it is easier to blame people for intimidation on the basis of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Make photos of polling stations illegal.
Require that polling stations only use English (except Wales).
Confirm the training to ensure that the staff adheres to the rule that the voter must go to the booth alone.
Sir Eric carries out the Greater London police, saying it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
"The Electoral Court stayed behind Lutfur Rahman and his staff as a result of numerous corruption and illegal acts," he said.
He was found guilty on a number of grounds, without any doubt, according to the threshold of criminal law.
He also criticized the ineffective "tick box check" in the voting regimes of city councils.
Sir Eric said, "Last year's Tower Hamlets was a revival.
Our nation has a brilliant legacy of parliamentary generations, but this disturbing and secretive propagation of the electoral fraud and the denial of the facts of certain groups pose a threat to this good reputation. "
Crazy Cat Biker Capture and other celebrity-inspired images in the Rio Olympics
This week, fans of the Rion 2016 Olympics have been mixed up with French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proved to be the impressive double actor of the Cambridge ruler.
But a 24-year-old Olympic representative is certainly not the only gold fighter this summer, who can brag about his own famous twin - at least according to social media.
So, in honor of the Rio de Janeiro and all the famous faces that we have at our moment, FEMAIL has made a list of Olympic athletes who clearly look like Hollywood celebrities.
Hunters and Wolf: The American Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison on the left has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
In addition to Kate's dual trajectory in the bicycle track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the star of Leonardo DiCaprio's twin.
The American men's archery crew member Brady Ellison has been stormed on Twitter after surfacing on his face where he looks scary as the star of The Wolf of Wall Street.
And in fact, when he became aware of the intensity of social media, the archers admitted that he had heard of Leo since childhood.
"I do not see great likeness, except maybe with beard," Brady told Huffington Post.
"He's a good-looking guy, so I guess this is a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons of London for 2012 will surely come out this year too: a startling resemblance to Britain's long jump between Greg Rutherford and popular actress Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Alya Mustafina's big, expressive eyes are said to be the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan's double flight.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared with Glee star Matthew Morris for years.
Bigger eye-catcher: This user feels that Nathan is the "sporty version" of the Inception actor
Another long-term comparison has been between tennis player Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, both of whom have similar strong eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medalist Yulia Efimova has more of the same actor with Annalynne McCord than tanned skin and pale hair, while US team Nathan Adrian reminds fans of "Joseph Gordon Levitt's sporty version."
Hard Women: Football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actor Jennifer Carpenter, on the right, share a similar face shape and eyes
Not one: One Twitter user was delighted that others also saw similarities
Presenting Theory: This user can have a reason for a couple of similarities
One of the Twitter users recently expressed the happiness of the site that "others on the Internet think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
And the American Football Ball and Dexter's actress really have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh-Jennings and his smile, almost identical to the actress Laura Linney's smile, and Gabby Douglas, a winner of gold medalist, whose own, beautiful wide smile matched Bring It On to Gabrielle Union's smile.
CBC's Olympic commentator apologizes after saying the Chinese swimmer's "dead as a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place in women's 4x200-meter freestyle message raged Wednesday's CBC direct Olympic broadcasters.
The Canadian television broadcaster CBC has had to apologize after one of its commentators said during the race, a 14-year-old Chinese woman was "lost as bad smell" and "dead like a pig".
Browser Byron MacDonald thought his microphone was off when he started sharing some of his own opinions in the women's 4x200 meter freestyle message finale.
MacDonald, who came to the CBC's reporters to bring "color", was heard saying, "Bring a little 14-year-old kid from China, baby.
Too eager, lost like a bad smell, died like a pig.
Thanks for that. "
Chinaman Ai Yanhan, 14, took the second part of the message 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Ruck, allowing Canada to catch China.
Viewers around Canada react quickly to the online language shocked by the language and its tone.
Emmett Macfarlane twitched: "Did the CBC's commentator just say that the 14-year-old swimmer in China died as a pig?
The idiot did not realize he was still in the live broadcast. "
China's Ai Yanhania was described in the 4 x 200 meter message message for women's freestyle as follows: "Bring a little 14-year-old kid to your baby, baby."
A rating of Byron MacDonald on Twitter was timid and fast, many challenged him.
Twitter users did not like themselves when he heard how unimaginable Byron MacDonald was.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "Wau #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and you all make us all like a racist bitch.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russell, who broadcasted the CBC's broadcast, apologized in a direct submission to MacDonald's comment saying: "We apologize for the comment on swimming performance.
It was a regrettable word choice, we're sorry that this happened. "
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times from people who twitched in response to the comment.
Colleague Scott Russell had to apologize for MacDonald.
The CBC then copied and appended an apology to over 90 Twitter users who had complained about MacDonald's comments.
The TV company also quickly apologized and published an opinion.
We deeply regret that these statements were made and that they were sent live.
We started swiftly in the evening in the evening and we apologized for the direct delivery of our viewers and our followers in social media.
For the sake of clarity it has to be said that Byron's comments were related to the performance of the swimmer, not to him as a person.
But this was an inappropriate and unfortunate word choice, and Byron is very sorry for his message.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized for the live broadcast and tried to define his remark by saying that he did not mean it to be interpreted as a personal offense.
"I would like to apologize in the moment for the comment I made last night after the women's message," he said at the CBC's Olympic broadcast.
"I was referring to the swimmer's performance, not to him as a person."
"It would be unnecessary to say that I did not mean it disrespectful and that I really regret it."
Primark's customer stunned by a woman who brashly fitted lingerie in the middle of the shop
The customers did not know what to look at when a woman slammed in the middle of Primark's motion to try out the underpants.
Things did not improve that, after evaluating what she looked like in her pants, the woman barked them off and put her back on the shelf.
He continued to tour and eventually arranged for four sub-pawns in a shop located at Bouverie Place's shopping mall in Folkeston.
Primark's business at Bouverie Place's shopping mall in Folkeston, where the woman fitted the underpants and then put them back on the shelf
At the same time, the mother of two children Jenny Davidson in the store said that after trying out the lingerie, a mysterious woman "was dressed again and walked away without buying anything".
He said, "The people did not believe in their eyes."
The woman stood in the middle of the store floor, picked up the pair of panties, removed her own tights and underwear and put on her feet.
"He did not even try to find a remote place in the Atonement, he just stood there in shamelessness."
"Everyone stared at him while he took off the panties and obviously did not like them because he put them back on the shelf."
He did the same for the other three before he finally decided that he did not like anything, he wore it again and walked out.
"He did not seem to care about who looked - or thought of a person who would end up buying the panties he agreed to."
Davidson, a 33-year-old city living in Kent, said: "It's disgusting to think someone takes their home panties tried by someone but have not been cleansed."
An incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I realized that the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from the sale when a woman left, which is quite good."
"It would be terrible to go home with new underpants and see that another woman had worn them and took them off, and they were not washed."
Primark's representative said: "Primark is aware of the incident that took place in Folkestone on Tuesday 9 August.
All such products have been removed from sale. "
This is how you can defend yourself from armed attacks using Krav Maga
The world is dangerous, but this Dailymail.com video can make it a bit safer for you.
We talked to Grandmaster Rhum Mizrach of the Krav Maga Federation, New York, to find out how to deal with rogue robberies in close proximity.
Approaching you from front or back, this video shows you how to pay for an attacker at the same rate.
According to Mizrach, if you approach the rear, you must first turn to see your attacker and "clear the fire line".
After that, you grab the gun between the forearm and the shoulder before you hit the attacker on the face with your free elbow.
Continue by knocking the knee into the groin, and when the attacker goes from pain to snare, twist the gun out of his hand, hit him at the back of the gun and rest while holding the gun at him.
If the armed person approaches the front, the technique is similar: remove your body from the fire line, grab the gun and turn it around so that the criminal can not fire.
At the same time, put the weight on the gun and strike the attacker on the chest, then twist the gun on his gait, rest and point him with the gun.
Does it sound awkward?
Watch the video about how Mizrachi exactly does this.
But remember, if you are not a Grandmaster of Krav Maga, the safest way out of the robbery is to give up your money.
Visitor Ian Wright lurks in Europe's dirtiest places for a travel guide
The British traveler has placed a serious challenge on his immune system and vomiting reflexes by licking some of the most dirty and nightmare spots in Europe.
Suffolk, a presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, licked the euro banknote, a handcuff at Piccadilly Circus, a jet of flush on the train, and a Russian public phone to prove the strength of his immune system.
Before licking every object he used a photometer to show himself and us the situation he was getting into.
The experiment that made a movie called The Inner Force, however, produced surprising results.
The idea of lashing the flush button on the train used by thousands of people can be completely disgusting, but in fact, the kitchen sinks have more bad bacteria.
On his way across Europe, Wright constantly spoke to doctors and medical practitioners about strengthening intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, no lick of his lips left him in the mouth of bad taste.
Wright became known as the tester for endurance of his bowels when traveling around the world and eating strange and wonderful things.
This task, which stretches from public railroad railings to the toilet seat flush button, indeed tested his immune system.
In a film he said, "From childhood I have been quite worrying about my health, and I have put my mouth in all sorts of things from the ground, the worms, and the bare water."
He did indeed confirm his reputation during the movie.
The only thing he refused was an unclean Russian public toilet.
His specimen had a reading of more than 4000 units in the photometer.
For comparison, the count of the counted hands should be less than 60.
But in a Russian public toilet she refused to lick when the result of the photometer showed more than 4,000 units and the resultant hand was less than 60.
Wright has produced a movie about the traveler, The Inner Force, along with a Finnish dairy, Valion. The movie shows the number of bacteria in different places, such as the bathroom.
In the movie he said, "This is almost the worst thing I've smelled in the toilet."
There is nothing dirtier!
I do not intend to lick anything, because here's nightmare.
Behind the inner power was produced together with the Finnish dairy, Valio.
The company provided Wright with Valio Gefil, which contains lactic acid bacteria, vitamins C and D, which help to intensify human intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Niko Vuorenmaa, head of Valio's snacks, juice and new categories, said: "We really wanted to offer something new to consumers.
Something that would be fascinating to look at, and at the same time explain the benefits of probiotics.
We drank a lot of crazy ideas in the air, and we ended up with the idea of 'playing for Ian'. "
They argue that interest in intestinal health is becoming a worldwide phenomenon.
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a greater context: to tell our everyday environment about the good and bad bacteria, the importance of intestinal health and its connection to the immune system.
Increasing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and this documentary is an interesting way to tell us more about consumers.
I think the document also shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Document director Tom Hakala added, "Let's say it now, though: if Ian would have swallowed some of the things I asked him, like the night-time Russian toilette in the movie, I would have lost my respect for him."
Understandably, some of the lick things were easier for Ian, while the part was quite tricky.
I'm glad we got some of those dirty lurking records. "
In a poll conducted by Valion in 2015, 84 percent of respondents combined lactic acid bacteria specifically on the wellbeing of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they at least used products with lactic acid bacteria.
The eyewear family destroyed a rental house in Cornwall, Saltash, before the eviction
The eyewear family caused damage to their rent by £ 50,000 after they were evicted due to terrorist neighbors.
Tanya Keldon and her partner, Shaun Trebilcock, have been thrown out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after being complained numerous times.
When they were forcefully removed from the property, upset occupational property agents found the property was in poor condition.
Walls were torn, the floorboards had been torn, the wastes were spread on the floor and the walls were dirty with graffiti.
The family has now moved elsewhere, and they are supposed to live in private accommodation.
Conna McEvoy, the property manager at Cornwall Housing, said he was afraid that the property could not be repaired.
He said: "This has been a real nightmare for the people, and I do not think people should live this way.
Here are a lot of things to consider, as this property is probably known by Cornwall's less comfortable groups.
This family is bad, and their name is bad. "
The couple had three boys who lived in the real estate, and according to the police, the family's intrusion included street fighting in baseball bats, intimidation of nearby residents, drug use, drug sales, and unexplained shouting, quarreling, and swearing.
The 47-year-old Skeldon, whose name was in the lease, received a decision on anti-social behavior in June.
Old waste was found in the rooms of a house under several demolition threats.
The property from which the drugs had been handed over earlier had the floorboards draped up.
The neighbors said that the family was seen battling in the street and that the police were regularly called out.
Cornwall Housing forcefully snatched away the property of a woman and her partner this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to voluntarily change.
The facilitated neighbors thanked for annihilation, saying their lives had become as hell.
One said, "They did not care about anyone."
We lived in their neighbors for 20 years, and the situation has always been bad.
We've seen the police here incredibly many times.
"This morning we did not sleep.
We got up because here it was so quiet - we're not used to it!
It's wonderful, now that they're finally gone. "
Cornwall Housing Neighborhood Executive Director Adam Fitzpatrick said the family did not cooperate with the local authorities.
The family has lived in the house for 20 years, and the police were often called to the property
Dirt and old toys are thrown down to the walled wall of the rental house.
He added: "It is a pity that the resident did not take any responsibility for their own and family behavior, since eviction is always the last approach considered by Cornwall Housing.
This was a very tricky case, because the behavior was extreme, and their actions surely horrified their neighbors.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, the Devon and Cornwall police, and the hard work of our community members who have given us information.
I hope that this development brings some comfort to the neighbors and sends a message that the antisocial use will not be accepted.
Fitzpatrick said that three boys all lived in the property at different times, but they were all in the twenties.
After leaving the one-bedroom floor dirty mattress
Workers in a homeowner now need to clean up the rubbish that surrounds the house
In 2014, the police raided the property and found more than 70 g of cannabis, scales, supplies and £ 1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined for having been guilty of holding b category drug in order to distribute it further.
He claimed that the money was intended for his son Lee Skeldon's tomb, which died in a car accident in 2013.
Obviously, Tanya and her companions live homeless, now hiding in private accommodation in Plymouth.
For many of the walls of the house there were tuffed graffiti.
The police say that they are trying to evict the people who mock the rules of their lease.
Angela Crow of Devon and Cornwall police said the eviction was a clear warning to other tenants who continue to keep the rules mockery.
"This is a message for those who think that their behavior is without penalties, and for those who suffer from such behavior," he said.
The Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social use. The police will continue to work with their partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were horrified when a jet was flying low on the shore
Sunbirds at the Portuguese Aveiro felt the shock of their lives
The Portuguese Air Force P-3C Orion swept past very low
The Air Force said it was a training flight and claimed that security was not compromised
Right now, the horrified tourists started to panic when a low-flying jet wandered across the full beach.
Dramatic recording shows how a military airliner came close to touching the sunbathers on the sandstorm in northern Portugal at Aveiro.
The holidaymakers stood up when they began to understandably worry about the jet of a jet engine, even though they did not even see what was behind the clouds.
An incident took place in Costa Nova, near Aveiro, yesterday afternoon.
One of the many vacationers who posted videos about dramatic passage in social media was Daniel Fernandes, who said: "It went twice over really low, and at one point it seemed like it would be coming down to the ground."
Nuno Arroja added, "I was surfing and it really felt like the plane was going to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro were terrified when the plane appeared in darkness and flew incredibly low
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the P-3C Orion pilot was on a training flight to identify fishing boats near the coast and the plane had to land so low that it was the only way to check the boats.
He said the jet had been flying considerably lower than usual due to the low visibility caused by smoke from close mountain fireflies, but the Air Force asserted that no one was in danger.
This year, the terrain fires have ruined parts of mainland Portugal, plus four people dead on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot had to fly due to low visibility conditions, smoke caused by terrain fires and heavy mist
The aircraft was on a training flight, and as part of the exercise the pilot was asked to identify fishing boats
Exodus's first half result is better than expected
In January-June, the Social and Health Care Center of Southern Karelia (Eksote) made EUR 3.4 million better than planned.
Exxon earned EUR 4.3 million in surplus in the first half of the year.
The result was particularly good in family and social services, where development of preventive services has been able to dismantle institutional care.
The care guarantee was realized in all activities.
Exote aims to shorten the operating queues this year.
The exote covers the surplus of the previously generated deficit.
The excess that is used is perhaps used to shorten queues and to take measures for patients.
The full-year result is expected to be EUR 4.6 million better than planned.
The exotic government will discuss the half-yearly report at its meeting next Wednesday.
70 special border guards swore by military soldier in Immola
Battalion and Coast Guard School 70 servicemen swore military soldiers on Friday.
The Military Exposition of the Confederate and Coast Guard School was held in Immola on Friday.
The tenth special border training event was held at the garrison sports ground.
The soldier swore by 70 conscripts.
Specialized border trainers are trained in demanding border security, intelligence and combat tasks.
They serve 347 days.
This year, 310 riders came up for the special surgeon.
250 students were invited to the selection tests.
Specially trained physicians have been trained in Immola since 2007.
Five veterans of war-time troops participated in the veterans' meeting.
The average age of those involved has now been 90 years.
The oldest veterans were born in 1918.
Circumstances of robbers above - Criminal intelligence helps clear off crimes and reveals serious crime - ESS.fi
Each of the 11 police departments in Finland has been an RTA criminal intelligence and analysis unit since the beginning of 2014.
The unit's operation is outwardly invisible.
The Häme Police Unit has four police officers in Lahti and Hämeenlinna.
It is pulled by a supersonic cable placed in Lahti.
The officer in charge is a commissar at Lahti.
In addition, the strength of the unit includes a civilian civil servant in computer technology at Hämeenlinna.
Everyone is working in civilian fashion.
The unit has demonstrated its usefulness and necessity, says Assistant Police Chief Tero Seppänen.
The RTA unit produces different reports for the other police.
In Häme, among other things, it has acquired information on asylum seekers.
The latest workflow reform
The establishment of analytical units is the most recent police reform.
The aim has been to prevent crime, that is to say, that the police would not take more frequent strokes until they got an alert.
With the help of data collected and analyzed by the unit, day-to-day police work is targeted to where it is most needed.
With the reform of the police administration, one criminal intelligence center was established, with less than three national units and one criminal intelligence unit for each police unit.
The PTR center operating in Vantaa in connection with the National Bureau of Investigation leads operations nationwide.
PTRs work under the name of the Police, Customs and Border Guard.
The RTA units, on the other hand, work in areas distributed by police departments and are responsible for providing information to local police and national units.
The inquiry extends beyond your own area
Where a single police officer is aware of what has happened during his 12-hour shift, the task of the RTA is to know what is happening in the area of the police force.
Inquiries also extend beyond the boundaries of your own body, as crime is also the case.
Those working in the RTA have better computer skills than basic police officers.
The unit, through registers, an alert task database, and observations, seeks to attach the attention of the police to new phenomena, productive criminal or other similar crimes.
This is called a serialization and is one of the most important criminal intelligence tools.
All people have their own way of acting.
Handwriting also appears in work, whether it is honest or criminal.
Based on the way of thinking, a certain type of image is created.
Caption can be done either by way of action or by person, depending on which one of the police has more information.
Criminals learn from their mistakes
Workers in the RTA do not walk around the city, but their work is not fully public.
As such as the methods used by criminals, it is not reported because it could lead to the development of professional criminals and thus to prevent police criminality attempts.
The police will publicly report on the methods if it predicts they pose a threat.
Such a case, for example, was reported in the early summer, a way of marking empty dwellings used in dwellings.
There, they put a stick, a pin or a piece of tape on the exterior of the apartment, trying to find out if the people were really traveling.
Preliminary material is public to at least the interested parties.
The analysis unit has found that the most professional criminals are learning from mistakes they make.
The bosses order a district court record, for example, to reveal that fingerprints have been found.
Next time, thieves are gloves in hand.
The case was attended by Deputy Chief of Police Tero Seppää Hämeen poliisi, Commissar Tuomo Lepola from Eastern Finland Police, Sami Joutjärve, Criminal Commissioner from Joensuu Police Station, and Arto Tuomela from Criminal Investigation Inspectorate of the National Bureau of Investigation.
The police collect and analyze information to plan practical activities.
Underlying the decline in labor and financial resources.
The first steps towards a new approach were taken 30 years ago.
The latest change was the three-stage PORA reform, which ended in 2013 until the end of the year.
National co-operation collects information from outside of your institution and the Finnish borders.
Sister-in-law schoolgirl from London killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultan, one of the three British schoolchildren who went out of London last year to join Isis, is rumored to have died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said the girl's family heard this dead in Syria's Raqqa a few weeks ago.
ITV News reports on Thursday that the girl was believed to have died in the Russians' airstrike Raqqa, which is an organization's base in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, she died just as she was planning to escape the war torn land and return to Britain.
"One can only hope that the only benefit of the case is that it can serve as a tombstone and testament to others that there are real risks for leaving the war zone, that it could cause people to give up such a decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015 Sultana and two other Latvian schoolchildren flew to Turkey from where they went by bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultan family was told that the girl had gone to Syria to marry the Isis fighter and that she became a widow only after a few months.
Reid says Clinton likes Garland's Supreme Court nomination if elected
Senator Democrat Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will appoint Judge Merrick Garland's Supreme Court if he is elected president.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama appointed him in March.
Senator Majority Mitch McConnell says the next president will elect a deceased Supreme Court member to replace Antonin Scalia.
Reid said in Thursday's teleconference that he predicted "with some certainty" Clinton's choice of Garland.
Reid's representative later said that he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether he would name Garland and that it was speculation.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team would not want to "catch the boat" with a new selection.
Garland is the Chief Judge of the US Court of Appeal District District Court in Columbus.
Reid said that the Republican detainees of Garland are Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's "hijackers" and "facilitators".
He said that Trump is not suitable for office.
Treats says the netting calendar is "for women as well as for men"
The Treats magazine collaborates with photographer David Bellemeren to release the 1970s Pirelli inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of the naked celebrities, they are going to find the next 2017 NU Muses calendar for the top model.
Treats Chairman Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his abundant nudity magazine differs from Playboy's old school because "Playboy is for men".
I do this for women.
Apparently, she thinks the calendar is for them.
"We have to start to show off timeless and classic nudity, where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by the images of those naked female models," Shaw said in a press release in which the calendar was released.
Women want to be part of this project because it is beautiful art.
Models can leave pictures online or in person at open selection events in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl destination: who actually buy discs?
Lonely, middle-aged men love vinyls.
Before you rush to fill in the comment section with irritable insults written by the nickname "None", "Noble" Men, note that this claim is based on actual information.
According to YouGov, the much-talked-about new album release is not due to the fact that more and more people born in this millennium are excited about the novelty of physical objects, but the middle age cataclysm.
Obviously, those who have recently bought a vinyl record are most likely 45-54 years old.
In fact, most unlikely to buy discs in the age group of 18 to 24 years old.
The question is not just about collecting enthusiasts, but it includes a sign-mark: older vinyl buyers are somewhat more likely to feel their feelings (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy exclusive (69% vs. 66%).
But do you think the results of YouGov are correct?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would follow me as I walked in Soho in the middle of the busy rush, wearing a modest gray suit over my shoulders, loudly before I paused, forming a cup of my hand and saying something authoritative, such as: "Let's examine it further."
Let's examine it more closely.
At the same time as Soho's charm and dirt are slowly removed - hotels, chain restaurants and shops and office supplies are now filling buildings with former independent stores - a handful of spectacular specialized record stores remain.
For the next section, I would probably ask the camera to stop recording for a while when I stand close to the different men in some of these stores trying to evaluate their age and emotional perception.
Glasgow-based Stuart, 55, followed by Sister Rays (count: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (Count: Eight Middle Men, One Woman, Probably Twenties) will spend their afternoon in London for an appointment and walks around for hours.
I wonder if he is a collector.
"I guess I am," he says.
I have about 3000 or 4000 boards.
These disks that appear in the picture above (he sent a sample email, I did not follow him home), cover the walls of his living room.
The reason for this huge amount of record and singles is partly due to his disposable income: now he can buy discs he could not afford when they were originally released and he could re-purchase those he sold when he was young and cashless.
"Much of the material I have bought is from the late 60's and early 70's, discs that were released when there were 11 or 12, which I'm probably a little too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that the buyers of the disks are more likely to be introvertants who enjoy their own company and add: "I do not smoke or drink much.
This is my exile. "
25-year-old Wez, who works for Sister Rays, also believes that many of his clients are meeting YouGov's profile.
However, he has noticed a new wave of people affected by media enthusiasm. People who have heard that the disks have come back to fashion and who have come to need to buy their old disks back.
Based on the discussions I have learned, people are getting rid of their collection in general in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their CDs, "he says.
This may explain the increase in the number of vinyl spells of a certain age.
But what about the alleged sign of discs?
In a shop like Phonica, it takes a few seconds to realize that record stores offer a comforting community for like-minded types.
According to Wez, some older customers have been hurt especially from the local payment system.
Some vinylphans can get confused about the digital world and choose to trust the durability of familiar diskettes; the objects that awaken the memories of teenage years of happiness.
"I think that sometimes it may be about filling the gap or some kind of consolation about which items to own," Wez says.
As a collector myself, I admit that this is true, and I believe it is true for many people.
It's an easy way to fill your thoughts.
"We're like their social workers!" Another employee said suddenly from the board.
An exaggerated poll conducted by the ICM revealed that nearly 50% of the people who bought the vinyl record last month had not yet listened to it.
The survey also found that 41% have a record player they never use, while 7% of vinyls do not have a record player.
At this point I would probably be seriously concerned about the news report when browsing the stack of Bossa nova collections.
This revival "prize" aspect is something that Jonny, 42, who works on Sounds of the Universe (counter: three middle-aged men) has noticed.
"Someone came in and said," I do not have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead album so we can put it on the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big part of it, but it definitely happens.
More product, less music.
We visit people who say, "I do not have a record player."
It is not the parents, but the younger people, late-aged, who are just getting excited about it.
In a park where there is almost a whole layer of vinyl reserved today, I'm getting a much more versatile audience.
Seventy-two couples, tourists taking photographs, teenagers and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - the loudspeakers of Wild Beast's latest sync and sex-acting pop, and not the improvisation show - it's great to see a variety of customers.
None of them seem particularly lonely, but it is difficult to show a sluggish psychological trauma by standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has walked around Fondo for a few minutes while watching the various discs sold.
He is doing window shopping, not spending a lot of money.
She tells me she does not get much, so albummaking is not really an option.
"It's expensive.
It's easy to listen to music on either a computer or something else, but vinyl's beauty is ... "she sighs in love.
"I do not know how to explain - it's really unique."
My last stop is said to have generated a new generation of vinyls: Urban Outfitters.
While I try to look like a pair of jeans, I notice a group of teenage girls lurking around Polaroid cameras for a moment before my dad and daughter are thinking of buying Crosley's turntable.
On the left is a staircase with a wall hanging from Adelen, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essentials of any medium collection.
Nobody looks at them - maybe because they are just decorations, and some are so high that touching them would not be possible.
It's purely "artwork".
But given that the small amount of attention paid to these items can mean more money to the industry and send a few customers to Soho's eating habits to get more, there is not much to complain about.
It does not come as a surprise that the population that is more likely to have more time and money is also the one who uses the most luxury goods such as vinyls.
But even though my findings suggest that YouGov's results are accurate at least in Soho's record stores, they do not rule out the large number of female collectors and lover lovers in the real world, record stores, and online forums.
These people are likely to work hard at school or at the office.
They do not really spend their Thursday mornings by banging around on Berwick Street's floppy shops by browsing discs and avoiding a scary 30-year-old breeder watching over his shoulder over the shoulders of miserable middle-aged men.
Holkeri is the longest living vertebrate animal video report
Scientists say that the holly has a longer life span than any other planet's vertebrate.
Haiti investigator Julius Nielsen says the record is a female whose age is believed to be between 272 and 512 years and is five meters long.
The French court dismisses the application for the sale of the Junglen refugee camp
The French court has dismissed the application by the Calais authorities to deactivate dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the Junge camp where thousands of refugees live.
In court proceedings this week, the Calais authorities argued that the state should be able to dismantle 72 temporary shops where people inside the camp sell goods from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts or sell tea at 50 cents (40 pounds) or sell simple food for a few euros in adorable restaurants.
The Calais Prefect's Office argued that the sites should be dismantled as they represent taxes on unpaid parallels and because they are fire and clean pennies.
Humanitarian groups have told the court that the shops and restaurants are vital, saying that free meals provided by a government-sponsored organization and other groups do not provide enough food for the increasing number of people in the camp.
They argued that temporary shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free meals for those who need them.
The court in Lille ruled that there are no legitimate grounds for the expulsion of 72 temporary people, but said that the Calais prefect's concern was "perfectly understandable".
Judge Jean-François Molla said that grocery stores, cafés and restaurants played a much bigger role than just feeding "people in extreme precarious circumstances".
He said the facilities provided peaceful meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places under the demolition threat was the camp Jungle Book Kids' Cafe, which is non-profit, providing 200 meals daily, English and French lessons and asylum tips for hundreds of vulnerable, single-born minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect their children's cafeteria.
In a letter sent to Guardian, it was said that closure of the cafeteria "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only eight."
Two charities, the Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, estimated on Friday that the number of people in the Junge camp has risen to 9,000 - the peak - after the number of arrivals rose sharply during the summer.
The price of food falls significantly faster in Finland than in the EU on average
Food in Finland is crippling sharply to the delight of consumers and the producers' harm.
The price of food has fallen in Finland by almost five per cent over three years, while in the EU average, its price dropped by 0.9 per cent.
Meanwhile, in Germany and Sweden, food has become one percent more expensive.
Over the last three years, the price of food has fallen in Finland the second most among the EU countries with a similar salary level as in Finland.
Only in the UK, the price of food has fallen faster than in Finland.
The information is published by Ilkka Lehtinen, Head of Development at Statistics Finland, published in the Tieto & Trendit blog.
Lehtinen compared real prices, that is, prices that are related to the overall development of consumer prices.
The latest information is from June this year.
At the beginning of the 2010s, the price of food rose sharply.
In 2013, prices were close to the 1994 price level.
The situation was alarming.
"We were close to losing the price advantage that came with EU membership," Lehtinen says.
Then there was a turnaround, after which food has become cheaper every year.
Now the price is being exacerbated by the Russian embargo on food imports, which has stalled food exports from Finland to Russia.
Therefore, the supply of milk and meat products on the Finnish market has increased and agricultural producer prices have fallen.
"Putin's policy has helped the Finnish consumer in the short term," says Lehtinen.
Also the price competition of industry and trade has been affected by the fall in prices.
Large retail chains S Group and Kesko have both dropped their prices.
Price competition for consumers has been shown as spectacular advertising campaigns.
Finland is still not a haven of cheap food, even though the price of food has fallen abundantly.
In 2015, food was the fourth most expensive country in the EU, with a similar salary level as Finland.
According to Lehtinen, the price of food sold in Finland is significantly affected by VAT.
He found that if the taxpayers had the same rate of VAT, the third cheapest food would be sold in third countries of the same level in the wage sector.
Lehtinen compared Finland to Denmark, Sweden, Austria, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands.
If the rate of VAT was in the control country of seven, only the Germans and the Dutch would sell cheaper food than the Finns.
"If we want to reach the old EU level in the price of food, VAT should be halved to the EU average level and continue to price competition," Lehtinen writes.
Lehtinen points out that his calculations with the VAT rate are indicative.
The school is no longer alone
Returning to the school bench may point out that there has been a change in the school during the summer.
A new curriculum has been set up for schools, which will be introduced at the beginning of the semester in all primary schools.
It is an instruction that all schools in Finland work.
The schools decide on the details themselves, but the plan tells the official goals.
New guidelines have been prepared for several years and differ in old ways in many ways.
Among other things, the teaching of the script is abandoned, and instead, schools start practicing coding.
Swedish education begins at the latest in the sixth grade, and societies are already being read in Nelonen.
However, the biggest change concerns the role of pupils.
Before it was thought that a teacher teaches students, but now everyone must be active and learn from each other.
In this way, trying to make schooling more interesting.
The world's longest-running vertebrate was found - ice can survive for up to 400 years
Somniosus microcephalus, also known as iceberg, reaches maturity only at 150 years of age.
It can live for another 250 years, reports a new study.
The figures make the species the most long-lasting vertebrates of today's world.
In the animal kingdom it is only bypassed by an Icelandic mussel whose oldest known individual is scheduled to be 507 years old.
Greenland hailing along the North Atlantic.
They also have another record: they are the largest fish in the Arctic region.
Females stretch longer than dogs, they can grow up to more than fiveimeters.
As the growth rate is slow, according to the observations, only about one centimeter a year, adult individuals have been living for a long time.
But how long?
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen with her colleagues made it clear.
She determined that adult ice skates ran out of 28 of the women who had been caught in fishermen's gear.
The age of fish was revealed by the radial carbon timing of the eyelids.
The average age of examined sharks proved to be at least 272 years.
The two largest fishes in the sample, the 493- and 502-centimeter amateur puppies, were exposed to about 335 and 392 years of age.
Since previous studies have shown that the icebreakers reach maturity only over four inches, the researchers declined to be around 150 years of age.
The study was published by Science.
Stockmann fired nearly 300 - sellers are not deducted
Nearly 300 employees will be dismissed from the Stockmann Stock Company.
Cooperative companies in a troubled company ended at the beginning of August.
"As a result of the negotiations, about 300 jobs will be reduced, most of which will be redeemed," says Stockmann.
According to it, the number of department stores is not reduced so that customer service is not affected.
In addition, some 80 support staff will be offered a new job as a vendor.
Stockmann's co-determination negotiations concerned approximately 3,000 employees.
At the start of the period, the reduction needs were estimated to be around 380 employees.
The reduction is aimed at saving around EUR 20 million per year, which is expected to be realized next year.
Stockmann has already started an efficiency program that is expected to achieve EUR 50 million in savings this year.
In the background, Stockmann's difficulties in getting a department store are profitable.
Although the Group's adjusted operating result improved to EUR 11.1 million in the second quarter, the department store continues to suffer losses.
According to Lauri Veijainen, Stockmann's CEO, sales in department stores have not reached the company's targets.
"Unfortunately, staff reductions are indispensable to ensure Stockmann Retail's positive operating result in 2018," Veijalainen says in a press release.
The profit improvement for the second quarter was due in particular to the success of Lindex's clothing chain.
The chain reached its best ever second-quarter net sales and earnings.
Lindex's operating profit increased by EUR 9.5 million to EUR 28.1 million.
Last year at the same time, the entire Stockmann Group's operating result was 4.1 million loss-making.
Stockmann estimates that the Group's net sales for the year will contract from last year.
The adjusted operating result is expected to be slightly positive this year.
Friday is the worst in the north - temperatures below 20 degrees throughout the country
The low-pressure center on the northern part of Finland will be weathered on Friday, says HS meteorologist Ilona Láng.
Even in the middle of the country there will be rain showers, but the south is a bit darker.
The temperature is no longer very summery, as mercury in the whole country is below 20 degrees.
In the rainy areas of the north, it will be 10 to 15 degrees.
Kenyan Athletics Team Shakes Doping Scandal - Coach's Quiz Excusive Explanation
The athletic athletic trainer John Anzrah was sent to the Rio Olympics home after it became apparent that Anzrah appeared as a national athlete in a doping test.
News agency AP told reporters that the athlete Anzrah tried to perform was a 800-meter star Ferguson Rotich.
Stephen Arap Soi, a member of Kenya's national leadership, told reporters that Anzrah's identity was revealed after he had given a sample of Rotichina in a surprise test.
Doping officials visited the Anzra authorities.
So I said Anzrah was sent home because he "committed his crime against the Kenyan country team."
He appeared as an athlete, issued a urine sample, and even signed the documents.
We can not accept such use, "Kip Keino, chairman of the Kenyan Olympic Committee, would turn to the news agency Reuters.
The athletics of the Olympic Games will start on Friday, and Rotich will have to run right away.
It is not yet known whether the runner is aware of the consequences of the case.
Rotich finished fourth in the World Championships last year and is ahead of Rio's winning matches.
According to Reuters, a source within Keno's athletics team argued that Anzrah went on an athlete's accreditation card just to get free meals in the ski resort.
When antidoping officers met him, they assumed he was an athlete and was taken to the test.
The coach did not explain the situation to the officers because he was afraid of revealing, "the source told reporters.
Where are all?
The Rio athletics stadium is rumbling with its emptiness
Where are they all right?
At least not at the Rio Olympic Stadium, tracking athletics.
The rally started on Friday with a medal of athletic medal but the world's top players were able to show their skills in a confusing empty show.
Rio's organizers reported on Friday that only 58 percent of the first morning's morning tickets and 65 percent of the evening tickets have been sold.
The play was four years ago in London, where the stadium fluttered with a cheerful crowd.
Finals tickets are already sold out in Rios.
The Rio de Janeiro Olympics have attracted attention even before athletics.
For example, thousands of empty benches have appeared in rugby, paddling and horse-riding squares.
When Brazilian medalists Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca were playing beach volleyball in the legendary Copacabana, only 70% of the audience was full.
After the Brazilian defeat, Holland played against Russia, with only 12% of the 12,000 spectators being full of about 30%.
The bad thing is explained at least by the fact that Brazil struggles in economic difficulties is far behind European and Asian miniature prizes, and many of the Olympic Games are strange to Brazilian footballers.
Although even the first match of the Brazilian soccer team did not get the soccer stadium full.
Tour organizer spokesman Mario Andrada told the weekend that 82 percent of the tickets had been sold, which is clearly smaller than four years ago.
"There are still 1.1 million leftovers for sale," Andrada said, according to Reuters.
Of the 8.5 million tickets in the London Olympics, 8.2 million were sold, although the tickets cost nearly half more than in Riga.
The price of flags in Rio has ranged from about nine euros to the opening price for over a thousand euros.
Over half of the tickets cost less than 16 euros.
In the London Olympics volunteers and army staff were allowed to sit in empty places, but in Rio this is not allowed because organizers need money and try to get tickets sold until the last minute.
In Rio, however, the organizers have given 240,000 tickets to schoolchildren in less-known species such as golf and rugby.
At the Rio Stadium, there were plenty of empty seats in the morning.
Even the beach volleyball on Copacabas sand did not interest the crowd.
Jukka Keskisalo competed in London 2012.
The crowds in the galleries were enough.
A new way to protect nature - get the right to land
The Helsinki Foundation contributes to nature conservation through the latest means.
Founded last year, the foundation acquires ecologically significant natural areas.
After that, private companies, corporations and communities can redeem the holders of rights to the land.
The foundation has acquired its first land in Lapland.
The land area is virtually divided into blocks that are willing to acquire holders' rights for payment.
The holder receives a veto right in its 187-square-meter block, which means in practice that no approval is needed for each holder if the purpose of the land is to be changed.
Holder rights can also be obtained for more than one block.
Acquiring control is something concrete that can be left as a legacy or gift.
You do not have to leave banners or lock yourself somewhere to protect nature, "explains Juha Leviäkangas, a lawyer for his company.
The acquirer of the right of ownership receives precise location information from his block, which allows, for example, a visit to the block.
On the website of the Foundation, the names of the holders of the holders of licenses are displayed on the same map, from which the land block details can be found.
Leviäkangas sees the risk of nature conservation as a risk only because the Foundation's operations change from its original idea.
The Helsinki Foundation has been established as a charitable foundation to promote the protection of the environment and nature.
The risk is that the foundation would act unethically or commercially, but it should not be possible.
The basic idea of the Helsinki Foundation's Haltija project is to protect the natural areas so that they can be intact and peaceful.
The foundation acquires land areas either by purchasing or donating.
It finances its operations mainly through the sale of holders' rights, but the Foundation has received the founders of its initial capital.
The purpose of the foundation is to acquire more conservation countries.
It also aims beyond the Finnish borders and plans land acquisition from Australia.
The Helsinki Foundation presents its activities in the pop up forest at the Helsinki Market Square from 13 to 19 August.
Wheelchairs are the worst hit on Turku - see the situation in your home town
Bicycle ATVs are the worst hit in Turku for most of Finland's major cities.
There are more bikes in this year than in nine other big cities in terms of population.
The Helsingin Sanomat explained the number of bicycles stolen in January to August of this year in the ten largest cities in the last ten years.
In addition to Turku, Helsinki, Oulu and Lahti grew to the forefront.
According to police information, there were four to five wheelchairs per thousand inhabitants.
In Espoo and Kouvola, however, only about two wheelchairs per thousand inhabitants were reported to the police.
That's a big difference.
"In other cities, there is a double burden of theft compared to the number of people in the other," says Police Inspector Tommi Reen of the Police.
The Turku police are wondering why the city is in the top spot of comparison.
It is extremely difficult to say why Turku has stolen more bikes than elsewhere.
I have no answer to that.
"The abundance of the theft can be influenced by how much the city moves on wheels and how much it is to roll in," says chief skipper Teemu Äikäs.
Tommi Reen, the police administration, is quite awaited that Turku, Helsinki and Oulu are on the verge of comparison.
The number of wheelchairs goes a long way, depending on the student and cycling towns.
Turku has a compact center, short distances and lots of wheels available for thieves.
"Espoo, for example, is quite a different type of city where the city centers are far apart and the bicycle is not necessarily the primary means of mobility", Reen says.
In Finland, the number of wheelchairs in the January-August period has increased slightly in comparison to the corresponding period last year.
There is still no reason for the great joy.
Despite the downturn in recent years, the police are aware of little more than 20,000 wheelchairs annually.
It means 50 to 60 beginners every day and only about 4,000 bikes per year in Helsinki.
"They are large quantities," says Reen.
In reality, thieves are more likely to drive, as only a few victims report theft to the police.
Reen urges people to file an offense report on wheelchairs, although less than every tenth police case is clear.
A typical out-of-the-way bicycle wreck is one in which the police are immediately aware of the theft and the thief is caught in a snare.
"Cases can also be found in the course of another investigation, for example, when a stolen apartment has stolen bikes," Reen says.
In Helsinki, bicycle helmets are caught weekly on the act itself or on police investigations, says senior constable Timo Leppämäki.
According to him, bicycles are stolen, for example, from shopping centers, wheelchairs, courtyards, warehouses and bike wagons, in practice, wherever they are usually stored.
The most commonly stolen from single bike models, like the previous years, Jopos.
The U-lock gives the wheel more protection than many other locks.
Some of the thieves take the bike, for example, for a short time for their own use, but a large part of the stolen wheels ends up selling, for example, via the net.
They remain in the domestic market.
"At least the police have not come to know that stolen bikes would go very far abroad," Reen says.
According to the police, buyers of stolen wheels are ordinary Finns.
Some buy a stolen wheel without knowing it.
Some may have doubts about it.
The buyer of a used bike must be careful as he may be guilty of a crime of concealment or a crime.
"Alarm clocks should sound if good-quality wheels are sold at a clear sub-price," Reen says.
Special librarian Severi Hirve carries colorful Nopsia for work days at Kallio Library in Helsinki.
He has had five wheels, but none has been stolen, "she says." She has never left, she has been a good monk. "
"Maybe this is not so much about attracting thieves, this is not necessarily a hypermarket," the Pearl of Helsinki speculates.
Siiri Valve, who was busy in the kiosk at Helsingin Kalliosta, locked his bicycle with a small U-lock.
Now the bike was sticking against the kiosk wall, but usually Valve locks its wheel into a fixed, such as a wheelchair.
"There's a lot to think about this, because this bicycle is the most expensive thing I have," the Helsinki student says of his white bike, whose frame alone cost about five hundred euros.
"All the time he's heard from the guys that the bikes are gone."
"Most of the bad bikes, such jumbo-jumps."
From the valve itself, a bike was stolen from the courtyard of a building a year ago.
The bike, though, had not been locked, so Valve knew it was waiting for it to land.
Children under the age of 15 are responsible for their crimes?
Helsinki is experimenting with peer-to-peers from the United States
In Helsinki, a so-called peer-to-peer team is being tried to prevent young people from entering the crime ring.
Initially, the trial will apply to children under the age of 15 who are now without criminal liability.
The peacekeeper is missing in the first offense committed by the youth.
The idea is that the peacemaker will discuss the incident with the offender and impose a sanction.
One week later, the perpetrator can join the peer-to-peer community to compensate for his actions.
Other consequences include, for example, a letter written to the family explaining what has been done and what has been learned.
Tommi Laitio, Director of Youth Affairs, says the model is not tight.
We have other forms of conciliation that are used in parallel.
"Everything is directed towards young people in a more responsible direction, so that everyone will not be spoiled for the first mistake," says Laitio.
A peer-to-peer model has been modeled in the United States, where it is widely used.
The idea is that a young person does not come to the front of the adult panel after his first offense, but reflects on what has happened with the same age.
The model has been tried once.
Ivo Lovio, a service representative at Palmu's service design company, has been following the experiment that it was an assault that was successfully investigated.
In particular, the first offenses committed by children under the age of 15 may not have been discussed at all.
"It's been a message that you continue on your way," Lovio says.
The Peacekeeper is part of the Immigrant Youth Helsinki project, underpinned by the City of Helsinki and the Me Foundation.
Lovio stresses that new ways of working are offered to all those who need it, not just the immigrant.
More than 70 Republican Democrats want the party to stop financing the Trump campaign
More than 70 influential Republicans are said to have signed a letter calling on the party to end the financing of Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The letter was quoted by the U.S. newspaper Politico, who had received it to see the draft.
According to the magazine, an open letter is addressed to Reince Priebus, Chairman of the National Committee of the Republican Republic.
The signers want the party's money to be channeled into a congressional party instead of the Trump campaign.
"We believe that the disagreements caused by Donald Trump and his disregard, incompetence, and unprecedented misgivings are threatening to lead the democratic elections in these elections", according to Politico, according to a letter.
Only directing all potential funds directly to congressional balloons can prevent republicans from drowning Trump-decorative anchor on their neck.
According to the letter, the decision should not be difficult as Trump's chances of winning presidential elections are diminishing day by day.
Politico writes that the letter is to be sent next week.
Among the undersigned include politicians Gordon Humphrey, Chris Shays, Tom Coleman and Vin Weber.
One of the organizers of the letter is prominent Republican Andrew Weinstein, who is opposed to Trump.
According to Politicon, Weinstein has said that the letter comes from "people who want the party to protect their majority in Congress" and that no one is in favor of it.
The letter lists a number of acts by Donald Trump, believed to have hurt millions of voters.
He is also said to have shown dangerous autoritarian tendencies.
Earlier this week, 50 national security officers reported in an open letter that they did not support Donald Trump as president.
Clinton promises relief for US families with children
In the United States, Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told details of his economic policy on Thursday night.
I look for a president to make the US economy go well for everyone.
"Donald Trump is trying to become president, to make the economy go well with him and his friends," Clinton said in his speech.
Clinton's plan is at the heart of a massive $ 275 billion five-year program to improve US infrastructure, bridges and airports.
This would be funded partly through rich tax increases, partly through private money.
The building program is a handshake for American puppets who are suffering from the fact that factories have moved to the cheapest country.
Clinton called the program the biggest investment in upscale jobs since the Second World War.
We are a builder, we must return to build!
Clinton said.
On Thursday, Clinton also promised to facilitate the status of working families.
On Thursday he also sounded from Sanders, pointing out that the rich should pay a fair share of taxes.
And if the company leaves the United States as a tax haven, it must pay the start tax, Clinton said.
Today, he opposes the Pacific Free Trade Agreement, which he previously supported.
"[President] I am opposed to all trade agreements that work against employees or wages," Clinton promised.
Clinton's intention to criticize Republican Donald Trump for Monday's economic program was "to favor only such millionaires", according to Clinton's announcement of the Washington Post.
Trump's proposed roaming discount on business taxes Clinton has previously called Trump a loophole.
On Thursday, Clinton stressed that she was the daughter of a small entrepreneur.
He reminded the listeners of the small entrepreneurs whose bills Trump has left unpaid, and the clothes Trump himself manufactures in China and Mexico.
"If he wants to make America big again, he should start by doing the products himself in America," Clinton said.
Such are the Rion viewers: The games have not glued the Finns to the screen, but the mobile app is interested
Usually, sports rackets appear in television viewer statistics as sharp mountain peaks.
The Rio Olympic Games have so far not been able to reach a huge audience.
At one time, the crowds were glued to the top of the box at 12% of the population at best: the swimming season was followed by TV2 at the YLE Olympic Radio at 615,000 spectators at the same time.
For comparison: a month after the athletics EM competitions received nearly 800,000 viewers at a time at TV2, and the soccer world championships a lot more than one million.
For the time being, most of the Olympic Games have been interested in Sunday night cycling and the fifth gymnastics day, which reached nearly half a million spectators on the Olympic Channel at a time.
Panu Pokkinen, the general sports manager, is pleased with the viewer's figures and reminds us that the viewers are divided in the Rio Olympics for the first time in several different instruments.
In addition to television, Finns are following the Olympics in the Rio Arena.
We are pleased to see how many of the TV viewers in the world choose the Olympics.
On the TV side, the viewers are divided into TV2 and Yle Fem channels.
The Rio Olympics are the first sports races for which Yle has owned a whole channel.
When broadcast comes 24 hours a day, and viewers are from 20,000 to 500,000, it's a good base.
The number of viewers is smaller than in the 2012 London Games or the 2008 Beijing Games, but the difference explains the time difference - a large part of Rio's broadcasts will come in Finland during the night.
Another reason for the diligent interest - if one is to be considered a diligent one - is certainly a traditional Finnish reason: if Finland had taken a surprise medal from an early age, the interest would have plummeted with it.
In addition, athletics are just beginning, as are other Finnish interesting species: sailing and riding.
According to Pokkinen, the number of viewers started to close close to expected.
As athletics begin, the viewers will explode.
Yle launched the World Rio 2016 mobile app for the races, which rose on the first days of the Games in the Apple App Store as the most downloaded free app for Finland.
By Monday, the app was downloaded 150,000 times.
I bet that we are already going around 200,000 downloads.
"We will only receive the network viewers later," Pokkinen says
Rio Arena has not worked as desired by all users.
Pokkinen says that feedback has come and the bugs have been corrected.
The use of Rio Arena has involved a delay and other small technical problems at an early stage.
Updated versions of applications that should fix errors.
The Rio Olympics appear on YLE channels and Arena more broadly than any other sporting event ever before.
The Yle Fem Channel can track some species, and in the radio, Yle Speech will transmit the races on a daily basis.
The Olympics are not only the most laborious ones ever on Ylelle, but also the last ones that can only be followed by YLE channels.
As of 2018, Olympic sports can be seen both on Yli and commercial channels.
How deep is the deepest lake in Finland?
According to official statistics, the deepest lake in Finland is Päijänne, whose depth is 95.3 meters in Ristinselähti.
It may be even deeper.
The technician diving instructor, Matti Kannela, found about 20 square meters of slope from Lyssein, whose depth of the dive computer was 104 meters.
In the summer of 2014, the Finnish Environment Institute tried in vain to reinforce the observation by sonatas.
The method may not be able to find a small recess of one hundred meters, says Development Engineer Jari Hakala.
So far, the official depth is still 95.3 meters.
Other deep lakes are Inarijärvi (92 meters) and Suvasvesi (90 meters).
More than 80 meters are Saimaa, Toisvesi and Pääjärvi.
They have not been studied as closely as possible.
Especially the bottom of Lake Inari has not been properly mapped.
"There could be some unknown depths there," Kanel ponders.
If the deepest lake is defined by the mean depth, it is the Great Jukajärvi, 23 meters.
In this way, Päijänne can not reach the ten deepest ones and Suvasvesi is even further from the tip.
Correction on August 12, at 14.29: Corrected the last song, where the deepest lakes of medium depth were wrong.
Inhaled tax arrears: Pensioners' taxation continues to get stiffer
Pensioners' taxation is still stiffer than wage earners.
Ihalainen says that the disadvantage emerged under the parliamentary elections and the taxation of pensioners was promised to be equal to the wage earners.
Government proposal does not include this.
We think it should definitely be.
The promises given should be respected after the elections, he says to Lännen Media.
At the beginning of this year, wage earners received work-related deductions that alleviated taxation.
The matter heated the parliamentary opposition representatives who chose the then Minister of Finance Alexander Stubbia (c) of the electoral promises.
Purchasing power is safeguarded, it does not grow
Finance Minister Petteri Orpo (co-rapporteur), in the line of tax reduction, says that it is mainly about purchasing power rather than increasing because next year wages will not be raised.
He says that the tax reduction will have a positive effect on purchasing power and employment if other things do not increase people's insecurity.
Ihalainen welcomes Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (midfield) and Orpo's messages about the desire to honor the hard-won competitiveness agreement.
He says that keeping the agreement is important for credibility.
It is the most important economic and employment policy of the government.
It has been done by labor market organizations, so it should not be questioned by the people.
It is necessary because the economy is so much dependent on domestic demand and people's own future.
Gradually infected with long-lasting unemployment
Ihalainen appeals to the government that it would engage in long-term unemployment in the budget bracket, at least to halt its growth.
In June, the number of long-term unemployed was about 17,000 higher than a year earlier.
He says that unless growth stops, the government's goal of raising the employment rate to 72 percent of the total.
He warns that if the challenge of prolonged unemployment is ignored, there is a very large social decline.
Ambassador: Thai attacks are not known to be Finnish fries
At least four people died in Thailand last night and last night in the bomb attacks in Finland.
The Embassy calls on Finns in the country to be vigilant and avoid the busiest tourist areas and follow the instructions of the authorities.
There is no need to cancel Finnish tourists in Thailand because of explosions, but the embassy's instructions on caution should be followed, Westphalen says.
There are very few Finns in Thailand
According to Westphalen, there are very few Finns at present in Thailand, although their exact numbers are difficult to estimate.
The travel time of Finns in Thailand will take place at the turn of the year.
The majority of Thai travelers come from Southern Europe and China at this time of year.
The Finnish Embassy has received some comments from Finns in Thailand via Facebook following the bombings.
The Embassy has tried to target Finns in Hua Hin in particular to get information on the situation in the city.
However, many of our contact persons in Hua Hin are out of town at this time.
In general, everything seems to be good, Westphalen says.
No information about the author
According to Westphalen, there is no information yet about the killer.
The ambassador is of the opinion that events may be linked to the political turmoil in the divided society in Thailand and the last week's referendum on a constitution drawn up by the military junta.
The law was adopted by referendum.
The referendum was not an open, democratic process.
Among other things, people were arrested for protesting against the law.
In the southernmost provinces of Thailand, the ethnic-national conflict associated with the Muslim population is in the process, Westphalen says.
Muslims want to increase their sovereignty.
In the past, however, shocks have not been extended to tourist destinations.
Today, Bangkok has a great, local celebration, Westphalen says.
According to him, Queen's birthday and Mother's Day are celebrated in the city.
Traffic in the city is very low.
Shots affect the day's pace so that the authorities are very accurate about security.
Thai police: The attacks are not about international terrorism
Police say the attacks are "local sabotage" and are different from conventional terrorist attacks.
Islamist terrorism has also been ruled out, according to Thailand's police news agency AP.
In Thailand, at least four people have died during the day when 11 bombs have exploded across the country, such as tourists frequented in Phuket and Hua Hin.
At the resort's popular tourist resort, Phuket, four bombs exploded at night, according to Thai Post Bangkok Post.
According to current information, they did not demand deaths.
Two of the bombs exploded in Patong Beach.
In addition, two bombs exploded in Phang Nga, where one person was injured in the magazine.
A popular tourist resort in Hua Hin has exploded, according to local authorities, a total of four bombs yesterday and today.
At least one of the two bomb attacks killed at least one.
In addition, at least one bomb in both Surat Thani and Trang town in southern Thailand exploded.
At least one person died in both strikes.
Surat Thani is also known to many tourists as it travels to Ko Samui, Ko Pha Ngan and Ko Tao resorts.
The impact factor is unknown
According to Prayut Chan-O-Chan, leader of the ruling Thai military in Thailand, the cause of the attacks is not yet known.
Bombs are an attempt to create chaos and embarrassment.
We should not let people panic more, he told reporters.
According to Security Adviser Gen Prawit Wongsuwan, at least the attacks of Hua Hin and Trang are in contact with each other.
He told Thai BSB that the purpose of the agents was to destroy the country's tourism because all the attacks have taken place in tourist destinations.
The Embassy of Finland urges Finns in the country to be alert and avoid the busiest tourist areas and follow the instructions of the authorities.
Finns intending to Thailand do not have to cancel their trip because of explosions, but the embassy's instructions on caution should be followed, Westphalen says.
Wounded Europeans
So far very little is known about the attacks during the Finnish night and their victims.
Yesterday's Hua Hin has come up with a bit more information.
It killed a local woman and wounded more than 20 others, including at least nine foreign tourists.
Among the wounded are at least Germans, Italians, Dutch and Austrians.
In Hua Hin's second attack, at least three people were injured.
Two bombs exploded near the well-known bell tower.
Thai PBS reports that the police have insulated an area in Hua Hin, from which he believes he has found another bomb.
Surat Thani's bomb was hidden by the governor of the province on the flower bed.
A local employee died in the blow.
At least one of the wounded.
A police chief interviewed by CNN reports that two bombs were also blown up in Surat Thani, which exploded at approximately half an hour.
According to Bangkok Post, bombs exploded in front of two police stations.
US Biles won the women's quarterback
US Alexandra Raisman was second with 60,098 points and Russia's Alija Mustafina third with 58,665 points.
Biles, 18, seeks on racing championships at the Rio de Janeiro, on the mainland, on the fly and on the boom.
Biles has dominated women's gymnastics to the extent of the past few years.
He has eight personal world championships for the past three years.
He has won the championship and championship championships three times in a row, as well as the boom last and second year.
The US team at Biles has achieved two world championships.
The weaker MM medals in Biles have a hype and a boom.
Thai entrepreneur in Thailand: "The impact has no impact on tourism"
In Thailand, a real estate agency in Phuket and a children's play club in the same building, Esa Huovila is not concerned about the impact of Thai bombings on tourism.
If there are no more shocks, I do not think that this will be any more wonderful, "Huovila, a Finnish entrepreneur in Asia, has been working for about twenty years.
An experienced entrepreneur has seen many tragedies struck by Thailand.
There's always something here.
First it was a tsunami, then an avian flu and last year a bomb attack in Bangkok.
If these have not been expelled by tourists, then this is hardly anymore.
Huovila's office is located a few hundred meters from the explosion site.
Huovila heard the shock of his own employee.
The employee called about nine local time and said he did not want to come to the office.
Huovila says that both the promenade and the main street Bangla Road were completely closed due to the attacks early in the morning.
Many of my local employees came to work in the morning as usual.
They thought the roadblocks had been put up for the queen's birthday, Huovila says and refers to Friday's holiday in Thailand.
At Patong the atmosphere was calm and the main street shops were allowed to open at around ten local time.
Many people on the beach had not even heard of the attacks.
Half past three hours during the Thai time in Patong, traffic had normalized and most of the stores had opened their doors.
The explosion has been a small explosion on the ground, Huovila says.
Later that car was seen in Kruunupyy, Jouxholmintie.
When the police arrived, the car was lit.
The patrol saw two men of good character hiding in the nearby spruce.
The second man was immediately caught.
The other went out of the way, but the man was later discovered by the police with the police.
Men are suspected of having a motor vehicle on theft, theft, and gross harm.
The police thank the clerks.
Research Director for Russian Leadership Changes: Clear Movement
On Friday, Russia was the highest-ranking leader in the years when President Vladimir Putin separated his regime from head Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov's successor is an Estonian-born 44-year-old Anton Vaino.
He is an ex-diplomat and has served as Ivanov's second lieutenant.
Kangaspuro says that the reason for the separation of Ivanov may be Putin's desire to prevent strong people around him gathering too much power.
He adds that recycling of leadership positions is one of the ways of using power.
This is a way of preventing people from gaining power over the president.
According to Kangaspuro, it is also possible that Ivanov has been stranded with other executives or mummified.
Station drop for Ivanov
Ivanov, a member of Putin's insider family, is moving to special tasks in environmental and transport matters.
Putin puts a change to a joint decision by Putin's state media.
According to Putin, Ivanov himself had requested transfer to other positions and proposed Vaino to replace him, told Russia Today.
Kangaspuro says that from Ivanov's point of view, this is a clear drive drop.
Environmental and transport issues are not so high in Russia.
He points out that Ivanov has been one of the most prominent people at the top of Russia's power.
In addition, Ivanov has played a significant role in the Presidential Security Council.
Ivanov worked with Putin in the KGB during the Soviet Union.
He was considered a potential successor to Putin in 2008, but Dmitri Medvedev became president.
Kangaspuro points out that old curves, such as governors, have recently been replaced in Russia.
Senior Researcher Katri Pynnöniemi of the Foreign Policy Institute says that more interesting than Ivanov's place is Putin's younger relatives.
Isis fighters used civilians as a human shield when retreating to Syria
They used civilians as a human shield, fleeing to Jarabulus City, so that we did not aim at them, said Sherfan Darwish, a representative of the Manbij military council.
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, civilians were placed in hundreds of cars where they were taken to Jarabulus.
Last week, Arab and Kurdish fighters took over about 90 percent of Ischia's important city of Manibi.
According to estimates, however, dozens of jihadists remained in the city.
Corrected previous news at 7:30 pm: We used to tell wrongly that the civilians were fleeing the city, really Isis fighters kidnapped civilians while fleeing the city.
Professor: The Ministry of Interior's document disclosure policy is unlawful
The Interior Ministry's policy on the publicity of documents is unlawful, says Professor Tomi Voutilainen of Public Law at the University of Eastern Finland.
Voutilainen tells the STT that document disclosure can not be based on the authority's own policy but is based on the law.
The Interior Ministry refused to hand over the list of participants to the Interior Minister's activities to Ilta-Sanom.
The Minister justified the decision by the instructions of the Prime Minister's Office and the fact that the information was recorded in the ministerial calendar and not in the accounting records.
The Communications Director of the Ministry tells the STT that the Ministry has noticed the need to reform the practices.
Usain Bolt's last Olympic show starts in Rio
Like the last few years, Bolt has been under the most prestigious time.
He hurt his backbone from the start of the season and had to miss Jamaica's Olympic qualifiers.
This has not been a perfect preparation, but I'm in a much better shape.
I have practiced well and that is the key issue, Bolt said at a press conference in Rio.
That press conference included low-profile Sambad dancers and fans who changed to fans.
Between Pori Bolt underlines the fact that the Jamaican star has risen in the era of athletics has been struggling with doping scandals and cranking interest.
Bolt's previous defeat at the Olympic Games came in Athens in 2004, when he broke in the 200m start at 21.05.
At that time, 17-year-old Bolt was a young pledge that was slowed by injuries and loose exercise.
Four years later in Beijing, his dominion began with a hundred meters, which he broke the world record and the self-confidence of the competitors despite the end of the celebration at 9.69.
This is more difficult
A year later at the World Championships in Berlin, Bolt achieved his career at the right spot in the clock.
World records born in Berlin at 9.58 per 100 meters and 19.19 in two miles are still valid.
Rossa Bolt has announced that he is aiming for a 200-meter world record and a 19-second underdog, but no one else believes it is Bolt himself.
Satanella Bolt's very challenging is the Athens 2004 Olympic champion Justin Gatlin.
Last year, in the Beijing World Cup, Bolt defeated the American in just one hundredths of a second.
Bolt has not lost in the prestigious finals in Beijing any time, if he has just arrived.
In Daegu 2011, the 2011 World Cup finals ran away from Bolt because of the wake-up.
The shop will fill up after a fortnight 30.
He is an old man in the men of the young men, and the Rio are his last Olympics.
Uruguay's final goal line Bolt has set next year's World Cup in London.
These are the Olympics that separate me from the other.
I'm older and this is harder.
But whenever I'm down, I remind myself: this year I have to do it, Bolt said three months ago in an interview with Sports Illustrated.
Explosions from Rio: two athletes suspected of doping
China's state news agency Xinhua says Chinese ex-Chen Xinyi, 18, has issued a positive doping sample at the Rio Olympics.
Chinese PM Chen Xinyi's doping sample found traces of banned substances.
Bulgarian contender Silvia Danekova is also suspected of doping.
In addition, a Keno athletic athlete was sent home because he gave a doping sample for athletes.
Silvia Danekova has given a doping sample with signs of epo-hormone.
He was fourth in the Riga women's 100-meter butterfly.
According to the Brazilian newspaper Estada, the Chinese president has brought his doping case to the International Court of Appeals for Sport at CAS.
Xinhua says that a sample of Xinyi's Sunday had been found to be a sign of a diuretic for hydrochlorothiazide.
Rio has also revealed other doping suspects.
The BBC reports that Bulgarian sportsman Silvia Danekova has given doping specimen with signs of epo-hormone.
In turn, Kenya has passed Riga's athletics coach home because of doping.
The International Olympic Committee (KOK) said on Thursday that the Kenyan coach had been performing a test run as an athlete and had given a doping sample for him.
According to media information, this is a Keno jockey coach John Anzrah.
According to the Daily Mail, he had used a 800-meter runner in Ferguson Rotich.
Phelps do not stop anything - historical gold came to show style
The most successful athlete in the history of the Olympics, US Michael Phelps swam 200 meters in confusion with his 22nd Olympic medal in Rio.
Michael Phelps has already won 22 Olympic gold medals.
At the same time, Phelps was the first Olympic champion of the same kind in the fourth consecutive race.
Phelps' winning time was 1.54,66.
Japanese Kosuke Hagino took second place before China's Wang Shunia.
I just try to keep some fun, BBC's Olympic commentary Helen Skelton laughs at Iltalehti's quick interview.
Helen Skelton's (right) thing on Monday is the most read this week on Iltalehti's website.
Next to commentator Rebecca Adlington.
Skelton does not have much stress if there is little noise in a singer or British comedy about his revealing and unusual habits.
Television is a visual media, he stresses.
Skelton is dressed in high-heeled shoes and a short skirt with a minimum of at least enough revealing - at least for the eyes of many conservative Britons.
There are no back steps yet.
It's important to look good, and little jerk is just a fun thing.
Skelton certainly wants to tune in and perhaps even get excited, but he emphasizes that he does not want to be the main driver.
This is not about me, he says.
Here we are watching sports, and focus must be on athletes.
It should not be so terrible as to how I dress.
Can you imagine that the frenzy has reached Finland?
I can not, but all that points to how hard these swimmers do and how big the sacrifices they make, it's okay for me to grumble Skelton.
Do you know what?
It is a shudder from scratch, if it comes from (pretender) dress.
I'm a little bit amused if this has hit someone's radar.
Rio's police made two detainees arrested for terrorist custody
The Rio police announced on Thursday that they have arrested two people for terrorist suspects.
The police made arrests in connection with the security clearance of the Games.
At the same time, the police made five other arrests and interrogated two people before their release.
All suspects have been Brazilian.
According to the G1 news site, people arrested for terrorism belong to the same group that members were arrested by the police in July.
The detainees are believed to have links with the Isis extremist organization.
The detainees were allegedly mobilizing violence in social media.
Violence-prompting messages have been distributed, among other things, in the popular WhatsApp service.
The safety of the Rio is responsible for 85,000 police officers.
The police blasted a suspect package in Rio
Spain and Nigeria had to start the match at the Rio basketball tournament in an empty hall on Thursday.
The police found a suspicious package of basketball arenas and closed the scene from the audience.
The police released the audience after controlling the blast.
This was the third time during the Rio Olympic Games when the police carried out a controlled blasting mission.
The police closed the arena because of the suspicious package they found.
The audience came in after the police had controlled the blast packet.
The audience did not go to the stand by the start of the match, as the police closed the arena due to the suspicious package found.
The police blasted the package and released it to the audience only after that.
Paukku awakened the Spanish team with a dreamy start.
With two losses at the start of the tournament Spain won Nigerian points 96-87.
In Spain's two previous competitions, Spain achieved silver.
The police carried out a controlled blasting mission for the third time during Rio's summer holidays.
Most recently, the police had to blow up a suspicious finding in the vicinity of the road cycling scene last Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria started their first match at the Rio basketball tournament in front of empty squads.
The Argentinean daem barked Pete Mermaid - a Finn pondering the protest
Wind Pole-Siren had a colorful race day in Rio.
Wind Pete-Siren felt hard on Thursday.
The Argentinean daam blew Tuuli Petäjä-Siren on Thursday in Riga's women's surfing day.
Winds were clearly broken.
The opponent admitted the offense.
He was stranded because of the collision, and others escaped, "said Finland's head coach Joachim Wilenius.
The athlete considered a protracted protest.
It was not then worth doing because it would have been useless under the Olympic rules.
It should have dropped into the water so I could have been compensated, Pete Siren said.
The Finn hanged on his board until the last, because he did not want to get into Rio's dirty water.
The Finn left behind with the crash in his 27th place.
In the overall situation, the London Olympics 2012 is eighth.
There was little effect on the tip of the collision.
Friday is an important day when the 10-12 run is running.
Modified 0.39: Unlike the first information, Pete Siren did not protest.
7 special things that, according to science, extend the age
Science has studied everything possible between earth and sky.
These things are proven to bring extra lives to the person's life.
Some of the things are ways that directly or indirectly affect a person's health so that his life is lengthened.
Sometimes, things that a person can not influence can bring him extra years.
These include, for example, tendency to moderate obesity or social status.
Regular shopping can extend the age.
It does not even have to break even - just getting a pot of milk is enough.
Many secrets have been explored for the long-lasting secret.
Medical Daily presented seven of the most striking research results.
According to science, all these things may bring more lives.
Drinking calcium and coffee
Coffee juice has been found to protect some of the cancers, type 2 diabetes, and Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
The Harvard University study found that moderate coffee consumption is associated with "reduced risk of death", especially with neurological or cardiovascular diseases.
Against alcohol, studies say that moderate use - from one to three days - may prolong life.
For example, one found that wine drinks lived older than people who did not drink at all.
Using a regular dental wrist can lengthen a person's life for up to six years, one study says.
The claim is based on the fact that this prevents gingivitis.
In turn, they can contribute to the onset of other diseases elsewhere in the human body.
A study in Norway explained how laughter influenced human life.
The seven-year project was attended by more than 54,000 people.
Those who laughed more, were more likely to be 35 percent more likely to survive the end of the experiment.
Sex, when protection from STDs has been taken into account, is, according to many studies, good for health.
In addition, it can also extend the age.
Unfortunately, just having a sex as such is not enough.
In order for a person to gain extra years in their lives, he should also have an orgasm.
However, the exercise will bring extra years, it does not dispute.
However, achieving a long life does not require absolute cracking.
One study at Oxford University found that women with a big backside had lower cholesterol levels.
Their body also had more omega 3 fatty acids.
The same study combined these issues with lower mortality.
Whether it was an athlete in the olympic medals, or an Oscar-winning actress, he is more likely to live beyond the usual Pullian.
Many research has tried to find a reason for this phenomenon.
One explanation may be that an ambitious person is likely to live in a way that brings his life to extra years.
Some scholars doubt that the long life is due to the social status of the person - which, for their part, makes it possible, for example, to gain recognition such as the Nobel Prize.
A study on shopping behavior over the age of 65 found that a person who is shopping every day, probably less often as a parent, is shopping.
This is because rotation in concrete shops reduces loneliness.
Again, it has been shown to trigger biological mechanisms that may delay death.
So calculate your credit card on your hand - the net result does not have the same effect.
A drunken drunk driver drifted toward the lorry
On Friday evening, a serious truck and passenger car cockpit took place on Southwest Finland's Koski.
The accident happened in Kosk, mid-way between Koskent and Sorvastoten on Friday at 21.00.
The truck had been driving towards Forssa, when the passenger car came to the same lane and hit the right side of the truck.
The truck left behind its collision standing up, but ignited.
The driver managed to extinguish the fire itself.
A car vanished from the ditch and from there on the ditch over the roof.
A woman born in 1972, who had been transported by a passenger car, was trapped in her car.
The rescue service removed the injured driver's car and was taken to the Turku University Central Hospital for treatment.
The female blow test was 2.02 pounds.
He is suspected of being overwhelmed by drunk driving.
Post sent bullets to the wrong city
Salon K-Citymarket's loophole selection had some shortcomings, as the mail had accidentally delivered part of the load to Seinäjoki.
Teija Haltia, a resident of Perni, was buying loose light bulbs from Salon K-Citymarket on Thursday when a funny sign hit the eyes.
Unfortunately, there are product defects in bulk product because Mail delivered our load to Seinäjoki!
We get more when the Post gets the delivered load!
Unless, however, the lawn in the lawn, the letter read.
The trader's sign is that Posti expanded its services to grass lawn last spring.
Lawnmowers are available at the Post Office until the end of August.
Haltian felt that the sign was mostly amusing and he decided to share it in social media.
The popularity of the update hit me astoundingly.
Media representatives have been playing all the time, and the cause of this matter is incredible, Halti wonders.
On Friday night Haltian update had over 700 divisions on Facebook.
Haltia got its own favorites to be pulled into the bulk bag, though a few tides were empty.
Jaakko Kaidesoja, responsible for Post's Business Transport Services business, regretted the damage to Ilta-Sanomat.
The background is that three out of five stacks were deceived yesterday in the wrong place (Seinäjoki) and we did not leave part deliveries (Saloon) by three, but we only took five pallets today, Kaidesoja told Ilta-Sanom.
Ilta-Sanomat was the first to announce this.
Teija Haltia was not scorned by the fact that she found a selection of all of her own loose leaflets.
Huge losing weight! 30 pounds lightweight Lotta Backlund released an image of his change
The comedian producer has been tens of pounds after the birth of his baby.
Lotta Backlund has lost tens of pounds as a result of life change.
Lotta shared a pair of pairs of photos on Instagram on Friday.
In the spring, Lotta was in the gym and was aiming at normal weight.
Fight Backlund in 2014.
Koomikko, a TV producer, Lotta Backlund, started her weight loss project in 2009.
He is a holistic lifestyle change and lost a little quietly thirty pounds.
On Friday, Backlund released an impressive performance in a pair of Instagrams.
The picture shows how enormously Lotta has changed over the years.
Before and After Backlund's pair of pairs have been greeted by a number of thankful comments from the co-founders.
You are so wonderful.
At the same time we are on the road, motivation hard!
Piia Koriseva, Lotta Backlund and Mikael Saarinen were involved in the Make It Now project.
I get the sun from the pictures terribly with strength and enthusiasm when I'm on the same path, the other says.
In the spring, Lotta dropped the last pounds in the "Make it Now" project.
At that time, he told Iltalehd he wanted to finally reach the normal weight, which was then ten pounds.
During the three months of fitness, the kilos eventually fell five.
Loviisa murdered family's wish: The memories of the victim for the police dogs
A week ago, a 42-year-old woman in Loviisa, a murderer, hopes that the victim would be remembered instead of flowers and adverts for a donation for police work.
Sipoo Veterinarian has released a Facebook update where it conveys the victim's family's wish for donations to police dogs.
The report states that the victim had been working as a substitute at Sipoo Veterinary Station and also had a nursing trainee there.
The veterinary station remembers women's words.
Happy, smart, humorous and fearless work.
Good Friend.
Still, we can not fully understand that he is gone.
Facebook update includes the account number where donations can be transferred.
The update mentions that donations go to the police dogs, primarily for the purchase of safety belts.
Last Friday, 42-year-old Loviisa was murdered in his own home yard in Loviisa Koskenkylä.
His neighbors have told Iltalehde that the victim was very animal-like.
He owned several animals, including horse, dogs, cats, chickens and cattle.
The 27-year-old man suspected of murder did not know a woman and they had no contact with each other.
The murderer track was accompanied by a police dog, Börje, who was injured in a deadly arrest.
Börje, however, remained alive and is recovering.
The District Court issued a ruling on Violation of the Equality Act
The post did not have the right to withhold the salary of a refused worker for introducing a temporary agency worker, according to the Kanta-Häme District Court in its judgment.
The District Court ordered the Post to pay the employee most of the detained salary and EUR 2,000 as compensation for discrimination.
According to the sentencing, the post could have reserved only the part of the payer's salary, which corresponded with the proportion of all-day work.
According to the District Court, the employee had been placed in a disadvantageous position in violation of the law of non-discrimination on the basis of his trade unions.
The employee had complied with the postal and logistics union of PAU's organization decision on the induction ban.
During the mail order last November, PAU made a decision that Post employees did not investigate temporary agency workers who violated the law.
This was first reported by the People's News.
Turkey will return to the road that respects human rights
Turkey must return to the path of a democratic and respectful development, writes Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (center) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini (in) in his reply to the Journalist Association.
Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (center) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini (PS) agree on Turkey's human rights situation.
The Journalist Association earlier asked Sipila and Sonia to express their concern about the Turkish word and press freedom.
Sipilä and Soini say that Finland has repeatedly brought to Turkey the importance of press and freedom of expression.
Putin separated his master of the regime - replacing Estonian-based Vaino
Russian President Vladimir Putin has separated President Sergei Ivanov from the presidential administration, Kreml says.
The deputy communist leader of the Council of Estonia, Karl Vaino, Anton Vaino will be replaced.
Vaino is a 44-year-old former diplomat who has served as Vice President of the Presidential Administration since 2012.
He will also become a member of the Russian Security Council, according to the Interfax news agency.
Vladimir Putin defeated his regime for the commander.
Ivanov, a member of Putin's close insiders, moves to the special tasks of environment and transport in the Kremlin press release.
According to Putin, Ivanov himself had requested transfer to other positions and proposed Vaino to replace him, Russia Today says.
Ivanov worked with Putin during the Soviet Union during the KGB espionage.
Many people considered Ivanov as a possible successor to Putin in 2008, but Dmitri Medvedev became president.
Ivanov was appointed in 2011 before Putin's re-election as President in 2012.
BBC: ManU's bid for a gambling ban - not to be seen at the opening of the Premier League
The world record of soccer transfers is not seen on the ground when the English Premier League is kicked off on the weekend.
Paul Pogban's ban on playing was followed in England.
Manchester United's pickup Paul Pogba is blocked by the ban on ManU's opening of the league on Sunday against Bournemouth, the BBC told the BBC on Friday.
ManU paid for Pogbasta's Italian player Juventus, according to British media, EUR 105 million.
The English Football Association FA, however, kept him away from the game, as Pogba was left with a ban on Juventus.
He received two warnings in the last season's Italian Cup, and it will be a one-match ban.
That ban on gambling has been transferred to England, the FA told the BBC.
The worst next seam play is the second round of the league on August 19, when ManU meets Southampton.
In Flow, grandeur of immensity is a virtue
Accurate criteria for amusement and ambitious visions have established the Flow Festival as an internationally acclaimed event, featured by the world's top artists.
The Flow Festival starts on Friday in Helsinki.
Festivals have typically expressed themselves with their own distinctive dress.
One of the mainstream artists is this year's punk legend Iggy Pop.
Flow Festival's event area is staged with artificial fur and art installations, among others.
It has never been enough for us to be just a headshot and a shark, says Tuomas Kallio, artistic director of the event.
The Flow Festival, which takes place this weekend in Suvilahti, Helsinki, has grown from a small quartet to tens of thousands of visitors.
The underlying success is a simple question: What kind of event would the authors themselves want to go?
It is quite unusual for event productions to think so.
Often, the goal is to achieve the level of necessity and to act according to official regulations, says Tuomas Kallio, artistic director of the event.
He knew a week before the event that Flow will be sold out this year too.
The goal has been to raise the number of visitors by 70,000 people last year by 5,000 people.
Even today, a number of interesting Finnish and foreign artists will be present at the festivals.
Increasing the number of visitors is a good thing because somehow you have to finance something.
On the other hand, we do not want to grow too much, because at some point the mass would be like a dog that is driven by enormous lanes.
We do not want that.
For 13 years, the ideology of a successful event has been expanded to include 130 performers, art installations and a number of restaurant spots and drink bars in a partially artificial grove.
In addition to the mainstay and the smaller showers, there is a 15,000-person tent for this year's venue.
Kallio admits that the event could be implemented more simply.
Maybe I'm a little bigger, but at the same time we have been able to keep Flow's spirit.
If it's lost, this is no longer our thing.
The biggest joy and reward for the work of the rock is that today's great visions are practically possible.
In the early years of the event, in the mid-2000s, the activity was highly dependent on the city of Helsinki's approximately EUR 20 000 subsidy.
Last year, Flow's turnover was around six million euros.
It can be used to create "creek things", such as the construction of that 73-meter-wide tent.
Flow's visitors have typically expressed themselves with their own distinctive dress.
Beside the music event, we can talk about the trendy young adult community.
However, the event has not been consciously profiled to be particularly fashionable.
We want to stand out, above all, with the content.
Still, fashion influences fit Flow's values: curiosity and willingness to interact with the environment, says Kallio.
This year, one of the mainstream artists is the legend of the punk, 69-year-old Iggy Pop.
The man has a huge fan base in his genre, but he is not the most typical performer at the festival that combines indie rock, pop, rock and soul.
According to Kallo, Iggy was buoyed because it is probably the last time this is seen at a gig in Finland.
We are interested in everything, history and future.
Not just what's on the commercial radio.
Iggy's latest album is a damn good and he has made good shows in recent years.
Bombers in Thailand's tourist turism were hidden in flower pots - tourists flee horribly
In Hua Hin, two bombs exploded on local time Thursday night.
At least one local woman died and more than 20 injured.
Apparently the bombs were concealed in a flower pot and blown through cell phones.
The bombs were placed on the street, most of whose clients are foreigners.
They exploded at the same time as tourists began to leave the bars and return to their hotels, according to CNN's Samoer Yoosumra, a police spokesman.
Wildlife Protector Edwin Wiek, who lived in Asia since 1989, has seen a blatant picture of the attacks.
If the tile does not show up properly, you can check it out here.
At least 11 of the injured in Hua Hin were foreign tourists.
The crowd ran to me and said the bomb exploded at the bars.
It happened in one of the biggest bartenders, told Swedish hooligan Emelie Olsson Aftonbladet.
The next morning local time exploded two bombs in Surat Thani.
At least one died.
The number of wounded is not yet known.
Shortly thereafter, two Finnish bombers exploded on the island of Phuket.
No one is reported dead.
At the same time, another double bomb blow was made in Hua Hin.
At least one died and three were injured.
In addition, one bomb in the city of Trang exploded.
The police said they had discovered Hua Hin at least one bomb that had not yet exploded.
According to the Thai authorities, there are likely to be rebel troops behind bomb attacks that are not satisfied with Thai military leadership.
According to estimates by local authorities, criminal organizations may also be involved.
According to Aftonbladet, the police have recently caught up with the criminal organizations involved in trafficking in human beings.
KSML: This part of the new stand-off forces starts in the war in a war situation
In an acute war situation, conscripts are commanded to fight duties only after several months of swearing of military soldiers, says Keskisuomalainen.
According to Jukka Sonninen, Brigade General Jukka Sonninen, the Defense Forces officer interviewed by the magazine, for example, 5.5 months of serving conscripts in a war situation are only those who are in the final stages of their training.
According to the head of training, the reserve officers are first assigned to the service.
None of the conscripts or reservists will be instructed in a post without the required training, Sonninen says.
Earlier in the summer, it was apparent that the Finnish Defense Forces will begin training prisoners for immediate readiness units from next year.
Units can, if necessary, be used in military operations during conscript training.
Pamela Tola received compensation from the hometown
Actress Pamela Tola and her ex-husband, CEO Pauli Waroma, have won a fierce dispute about the apartment they bought from Espoo in 2009.
The sale price of the two-storey detached house had been 330,000 euros.
However, after the sale, a serious moisture problem was detected in the house, which caused a microbial growth hazardous to health.
The couple had to sell the apartment as unloaded in 2014.
The selling price had dropped to € 132,000, so the financial loss to Tolo and Waroma amounted to as much as € 198,000.
The couple took the case to justice and demanded a down payment from the seller.
The seller denied the claim, but Tola and Waroma won the deal both in the district court and in the court of appeal.
The Court of Appeal issued a judgment on Wednesday.
It upheld the District Court's judgment ordering the seller to pay Toula and Waroma a price reduction of EUR 150,000.
In addition, the seller will have to pay for the trial and settlement costs of the couple a total of 47 344 euros.
Rightly moderated the price cut somewhat, because some of the need to repair the home had been known to the buyers at the time of the home sale.
However, according to the Court of Appeal, perceived building defects were significantly more serious than what was stated.
Tola is looking for a good home
Tola told the Court of Appeal that the couple had specifically looked for a good home because they did not want to take up the repair work.
He had realized that the building had been renovated and in good condition and that the issues mentioned in the fitness check report did not hurt.
The health check report mentioned the risks and disadvantages of ventilation and the lack of management of rainwater and melting waters running along the rock surface.
However, the discussions did not show that this was an urgent matter.
Tola and Waroma were left with the idea that rainwater from the cliff should be slightly controlled in a few years.
The stores were made in October 2009.
Within a few years it became apparent that the moisture problems of the dwelling were far more serious than thought.
During the inspections carried out in 2012 and 2013, the building found microbial growth, which, according to the witnesses, was due to both rainfall in the rock and capillary ground moisture.
On the west side of the house, microbes contaminated air could, according to the examiner, be accessed from the porch to the indoors as well.
A mold or yeast that exceeds the limits of health risk was found in brilliant samples from the utility room, basement staircase, living room window attendant and basement washroom.
The terraces were built without permission
The law also contested the question of whether the apartment was extended in violation of the building permit.
The Court held that Tola and Waroma were not aware of the decision by the City of Espoo that the apartment had been subject to any alteration to the permit before being sold.
Among other things, the terraces were built even though there were not enough permits yet.
Home problems were, however, central to justice.
According to the Court of Appeal, buyers were able to assume that the building was suitable for housing as such and that no major repair work was needed in the near future on the basis of information received from the seller before the transaction.
In Toluna and Waroma, the Court of Appeals did not have a particular reason to do a more extensive inspection.
Buyers have not neglected their obligation to disclose, the Court of Appeal states in its judgment.
Hundreds of thousands of women wanted to give birth to natives - the register also includes Finnish people
Journalist Christopher Andersson writes in a recent article by Dagens Nyheter on how the National Archives of the United States, Maryland, contains documents stored on microfilms for a total of 218,500 women who all wanted to marry SS men.
Most women are Germans, but there are also US, French, Dutch and Russian.
In addition, at least 65 Danish, 86 Norwegians and 14 Finns and 31 Swedish women wanted natsimorsiam.
Documents and registration cards come from a Nursing-based Rotary Office.
The Rotary Office operated under the auspices of SS Director Heinrich Himmler.
No SS man in Nazi Germany had the opportunity to acquire the children before he was examined by an SS physician.
The same goes even more to women who needed to be able to give birth to as many as 10 children.
According to Andersson, women were subjected to gynecological examinations to find out.
The Rotary Office investigated women's backgrounds, for example, by studying church books.
The purpose was to ensure that there were no Jewish women in the family tree.
Women should also be ready to give up their Swedish citizenship and give the Rotary Office handwritten life times as well as good recommendations from their neighbors.
The Rotary Foundation wanted guarantees that women were "child-lovers", "savages", and "good national socialists" who knew very well German.
Women who did not meet the requirements were not accepted as SS men's brides.
It does not tell how the 14 Finns found in the archive documents came from.
The SS leaders created a state-sponsored program known as Lebensborn in 1936.
The program stipulated, inter alia, that each SS man should receive four children, whether married or not.
The Lebensborn homes take care of children born out of marriage and their mothers.
However, the program was not actively promoted, the US Holocaust Museum website explains.
Instead, Nazi population policy focused on family and marriages.
The state encouraged marrying by providing loans and helping to get children.
The German maternal honorary was granted to women who had received at least four children.
In Nazi Germany, the "Aryan" and "non-Aryan" Marriages were prohibited by law, stated on the museum's website.
Sixth-Siren Sixth, the Nirk rose and fell
Tapio Nirkko ranked third in the first run of the Finnjollien sailing at Rio's Olympic Games, but missed the full set of tail finals at the second day of the day.
Nirkko rose to eighth in the overall standings after five starts, but failed to score second in 14th place.
Wind Patten-Siren fought RS: Class X day outings, 17th and 3rd place.
In the overall situation, Pete Siren is sixth.
In the 470 category, Joonas and Niklas Lindgren were on the 23rd.
In the overall situation Lindgren are ranked 19th.
Jari Sillanpää Satulinna was recorded for a couple of hours at night: "I was so drunk"
Jari Sillanpää has been among the Finnish favorite artists for over 20 years.
From the cruise ship's bartender to the 1995 tango band, Sillanpää, the best-selling solo artist in Finland and the star of dance clubs and festivals, is still poised and is currently in a hurry.
A book by Jari Sillanpää - Paljaana, written by Mari Koppinen, about the life of a favorite person, was released on Thursday.
In the book, Sillanpää tells about his life and career as good as evil.
The bridle of the bridgehead rose to a total jump when he won the crown on the Seagull Tangomarket in 1995.
In the race Sillanpää sang tango, but he had already designed a bit of different music for himself.
In the spring of 1995, Jukka Kuoppamäki had written to Sillanpää, at the request of a man, a tango piece that Kassu Halonen agreed to in a slightly different form.
Satulinna song became one of Finland's most popular music history.
The book tells us that the recording of the song did not go as planned: Sillanpää sang it on the tape in a terrible hangover and only after a couple of hours of sleep.
We had a party tonight.
I was so tired!
Sillanpää recalls in the book.
To record as a hit in the rising song did not immediately guess it was sung in a hangover.
Although I was not physically the best, the trace was still good.
I learned that it is not always necessary to demand the perfect and the top.
The other coincidence associated with one of the most popular songs in the man, which is described in the book, happened almost twenty years later.
In 2013, Sillanpää resigned from his then partner, and finally ended up being the "You earn gold" text that was released as a single in 2014.
The book tells us that the song songs ordered by Saara Törmäki were not what Sillanpää wanted.
Sillanpää had imagined that he was making a record that tells the story of his own life, but the lyrics of the erotic story were not true, but was written on the basis of the 7-day news.
In the magazine's news Jari and the ex-beloved difference were told Jari's excessive banquet and alcohol consumption, but according to Jari it was a full blow and it was not the case.
Jari played the book in anger at the record company and refused to sing the song, but eventually ended up singing it - and that's good.
In June, the British surprised themselves by voting their kingdom out of the EU.
In the end, 52% of the voters favored the difference and 48% would remain in the Union, even though polls of the voting week anticipated the opposite result.
British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in favor of the EU.
No respectable research institute or university made a difference, even though a couple of individual researchers disagreed with the mainstream of their profession.
The basic anthem of Western policy, the theme song titled "It's the economy, stupid" by former US President Bill Clinton's recent election campaign, flew to the rubble in Britain's Brexit vote.
Economists were shocked when their voices were not heard.
They were shocked when the economy did not seem to be the most important policy issue.
Financial curly
The Center for Macroeconomics examines the Brexit disaster in its latest monthly survey.
The most typical answer is that no economists were listened to because this time the voters made a decision on non-economic grounds.
One economist's explanation for the loss of the economy is that people do not understand the economy.
Many still have the idea that the number of jobs is independent of the number of people employed, which is almost constant.
If an immigrant gets a job, it's right out of the UK.
Many also believe that lowering the value of the currency would be a good thing as it promotes the export industry.
According to the Economics Committee, voters did not believe in economic arguments, as the unanimity of economists did not come out sufficiently.
They were particularly hampered by the BBC's fairness, which gave as much space to just two per cent of the EU economists who are economists, and the overwhelming majority.
The EU hostile press was not interested in telling what IFS, IFM, BoE, CEPR and LSE and other economic combinations of economics think about the consequences of the difference.
Those distant letters were talking about growth, trade relations, sovereign debt and currency.
And if the economists' messages were both listened to and understood, they were not passed because economists represent an elite with which voters do not in their view have common interests.
Academics such as economists would have stayed in the EU, but in small towns and rural areas the message did not work.
Immigration is the economy
The overwhelming victory argument of the Brexit vote concerned immigration.
The immigrant takes your job, the immigrant congested your hospital, the immigrant will take advantage of you.
These arguments did.
Every cafe has foreign workers.
How much more jobs would the British have if they left off?
Every waiting room at the health center sees immigrants.
How much easier would the Briton get the doctor's time if they did not?
Each school also has children of immigrants.
How much easier would the children of the right British get a school if they were to get rid of them?
In each municipality, foreigners live.
How much more room for the natives would they have if they left?
I think these are economic issues.
They concern jobs, housing and public services.
However, economists did not succeed in answering them, and if they succeeded, their responses did not gain visibility.
Economists failed to explain that immigrants have more jobs in the British, fewer health care centers and more money for education and social security.
Immigrants - and especially EU immigrants - are the net contributors to the UK public finances and their consumption generates jobs.
Aberdeen Real Estate Fund prepared for Brexit in cash
One of the funds was Aberdeen Asset Management, whose real estate investments are owned by Finnish Pertti Vanhanen.
According to him, Aberdeen was timely prepared for Brexit by drawing up A and B plans.
The plan for the B camp, which is the EU-wide profit camp, began to prepare more carefully a few weeks before the vote in case the result were left.
There was concern that investors would start withdrawing their funds away from the market.
Real estate funds normally do not have large liquid assets, but they may now be necessary.
We wanted to raise cash.
When Brex took place on the 23rd, we had 25 percent of the fund's investments in cash or liquid assets, Vanhanen says Aberdeen's only open daily quotation from the real estate fund that the news related.
According to Vanhanen, the normal level would be 15-20%.
The fund was worth £ 3.5 billion at that time.
The total value of the company's funds is approximately £ 20 billion.
It was the highest number in nine open real estate funds, Vanhanen says of all open real estate funds in the UK Real Estate Funds.
He estimates that the lowest cash amount in these funds fell to ten percent or even below.
Thus, real estate funds were prepared for Brexit with very different strategies.
The funds closed the trading
When the EU-wide profit camp won, Europe went into confusion.
However, less than two weeks after the vote in the real estate market were quite calm, says Vanhanen.
Then there were two things that changed the situation.
The first was the speech by the Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, in which he estimates that Brexit may be a big risk to commercial real estate agents.
In addition, the first real estate fund, Standard Life, freezes its trading.
These together drew the situation and raised the issue to the Financial Times and BBC headlines.
The situation was compared immediately in 2007 and 2008, says Vanhanen.
This made the investors nervous.
Institutional investors remained more peaceful, but private investors were nervous.
The snowball started to spin, and the fund had to shut down.
The situation in Aberdeen was good because of the collected cash, but it also had to freeze its trading for six days.
According to Vanhanen, they did not actually shut down trading, but changed pricing down.
In practice, investors were given time to consider whether the money is now being withdrawn from the panic.
Aberdeen's message was that if you do not have to take out your money now, it's not worth it because it would have losses.
It calmed down the situation and most canceled the announcement.
Since then, it has been quite steady, and now the market has been very calm for a couple of weeks, says Vanhanen.
He points out that, for example, Aberdeen's continental Europe funds have had no corresponding frustration.
However, there were many inquiries.
Unreasonably attention to real estate funds
In Vanhanen's opinion, foreclosures in the real estate funds received unreasonably high attention.
The open funds affected by foreclosures dominated by about four percent of UK real estate.
The Aberdeen shutdown lasted six days, and the company sold less than ten properties out of its 80 properties in London.
Some other funds are still catching up.
Aviva Investors warned its investors this week that it could hold its fund to 2017.
At present there is uncertainty in the air, and economic growth forecasts have been slashed down, but the situation does not look "Aberdeen" for Aberdeen.
The major issues now concern the future development of the British economy.
Despite the uncertainty, the situation has brought new opportunities for some real estate investors, Vanhanen points out.
The dollar and dollar exchange rate is at its weakest for 30 years, plus a 15% discount on the market ahead of the Brexit vote.
The dollar buyer can now buy the same property up to 30 percent cheaper.
There are a lot of willing buyers, says Vanhanen.
Brexit brought minuses to the London real estate market
At two o'clock the situation did not look too much odd.
But four, Pertti Vanhanen, who was responsible for real estate investments by the British real estate fund Aberdeen Asset Management, woke up to look at the results of the Brexit vote, was another.
The power word it got.
I realized that this is now going to Plan B, says Vanhanen in her second home in Helsinki.
He immediately headed for work.
London City was already completely alive in the morning.
Officially, silently sounded TV screens shed some news, and usually the loud crowd quietly listened to when Prime Minister David Cameron stepped in the morning in front of the camera to tell the difference.
As the market opened, the display screens blinked just red.
It was such a morning he would never have believed to live, says Vanhanen.
Nor is it so that, despite the turmoil, Aberdeen, one of Britain's largest real estate funds, completed the property after the Brexit vote, or midsummer, on two real estate deals.
The atmosphere was confusing.
However, the company was well prepared for the option, and therefore the situation was kind of calm, says Vanhanen.
The Brexit vote started a correction
The vote was followed by a storm.
Punta collapsed, the British leadership went to exchange.
The market started to anticipate drastic bills for the British and especially London real estate market.
In London office space, up to 20% was anticipated in the coming years.
Soon a number of UK real estate funds began freezing their trading one after the other.
Aberdeen did so for six days.
Now the blizzard has collapsed, but there is still uncertainty in the air.
It does not show up on her last summer holidays this week in Vanhasen's face in Helsinki.
He thinks it's too early to say much about what he is following from Brexit.
So much is still open: how is the difference and how Scotland responds to the situation, for example.
First things about the development of the London real estate market have already come first.
The real estate service company CBRE's data on price developments cover approximately one third of the market.
According to them, prices for all real estate in London fell by 3.3 per cent between June and July.
In London's office buildings, minus 6.1 per cent, Vanhanen lists.
The figures are not that terrible, but they are monthly changes.
The monthly index was released in 1987, and only five months have had worse figures, says Vanhanen.
All the same drops hit the crisis years 2007 and 2008.
Interestingly enough, Brexit was compared quite quickly with Lehman's collapse and the global financial crisis that began in the US real estate market.
According to Vanhanen, the parable is not entirely relevant, as this is a British home-based crisis.
There is another atmosphere.
There is no panic selling like this time in the real estate market, but willingness to sell to improve liquidity, says Vanhanen.
Funding is also found normally.
The repair shop could have been in any case
In fact, the price correction business is not a miracle - such could have been in front without Brexit.
Aberdeen estimates that prices for real estate in London and the rest of the world's cities have been too high for many years.
We have already said for two years that City and especially offices are overpriced, says Vanhanen.
So the drop started really high.
London's prices have risen upwards for four reasons, Vanhanen's list.
The British economy has grown strongly, the London population as well.
Another big trend is that real estate is the last holding class that is globalizing, says Vanhanen.
New entrants have come from the Middle East and Asia, and more and more institutions and private investors are looking for real estate investment from abroad.
London is known as a city as an easy destination.
In addition, prices have been fueled by low interest rates, for which, for example, pension companies have had to look for returns on new items.
This loan has been readily available - although debt has been used according to Vanhanen now far less than during the boom before the crisis in 2008.
Distribute, disperse
In London, price rises lowered last summer, says Vanhanen.
Aberdeen began to lighten its holdings in London and was a net seller last year.
There was some kind of twist that was expected and now it came.
What's next?
It depends on how the British economy develops, says Vanhanen.
Almost he does not dare to evaluate the future, but says that no upswing is likely to happen.
The atmosphere suggests that there is a falling or steady go-ahead.
Vanhanen has seen more and more moves up and down since he has been in the real estate industry since 1988.
And still he is an optimist who believes that the queues will be resolved through the work.
If you are well prepared for the risks, you are in a better position.
He believes in global decentralization.
If you have invested in one market, there is too much of a victim.
If it has diversified, the risks are also decentralized, says Vanhanen.
The S Group will begin to register purchase information more closely than before
The S Group knows what you are eating, as the merchant group today announced that it will begin collecting more accurate information about purchasing its loyal customers.
Since so far the information has been collected from the total amount of receipts, the group will begin to pick up the products purchased from the beginning of May.
The S Group comes here after Kesko, as information on goods bought with a mini-card has been collected in Kesko's customer register for a couple of years.
According to Ismo Riita, Managing Director of K-Plus Oy, the feedback from the program has been mainly positive.
Product-specific information is collected with the consent of the customer and used for marketing authorization.
The most effective channel is email.
Very few customers have denied the use of product information, Riitala says in Taloussanomille.
According to him, Kesko will not react to the S Group's registration change.
Kesko classifies its loyal customer, according to only groceries, to ten groups.
The rating is updated monthly.
Loyal customers are also classified according to the number of purchases and the amount of money used.
Information is used for customer targeted marketing.
Product-specific purchasing information is collected only from the K-Group's own chains.
Partners such as Neste Oil do not give up their information.
Lidl Finland does not have a loyalty program and no such item is planned.
Suomen Lähikauppa has its own Ykkösbonus loyal customer program, which can be associated with Valintatalo, Siwa and Euromarket.
We are not currently collecting product or product-level information, we will keep the receipt at the final level.
That is, we know where shopping was done and on the day and the total amount of the customer's receipt.
We have not gone to the same level as the K Group or the S Group, says Commercial Director Anu Ora.
According to him, the loyalty program is planned to be renewed in the future, but the local store will tell you later.
Now, however, does not permit product information to be registered.
Initially an experiment
SOK's customer and customer register has so far been relatively broad.
Basic information includes not only personal and address information, but also occupation, education, housing, births and previous personal data.
Also people belonging to the same household and their role are registered.
The S-Advance Card has the date and time of purchase, the place, the total amount of the purchase and the payment method.
In addition, the S bonus partners have received information from their cashier systems.
From the beginning of May, product-level purchasing information will be deposited in Sokos and Emotion chains.
In the S-Markets, Prisms, Kodin Terro and ABC chains, however, data is currently recorded at product level.
Customers have long been hoping to focus more on marketing, says Marjaana Saarikoski, Head of SOK's Customer Relationship and Partnership.
The S Group says it will inform its customers of the change.
These may prohibit the marketing of product-specific information.
However, data is stored in the pockets in any case, whether you want it or not.
Wanted can check their stored information on the S Group's website.
For example, cashiers can not access the information, emphasizes Saarikoski.
Video: Heila puppy is the new dog breeding dog - the puppy becomes the first puppy dog
The black Labrador puppy's kitten buzzes five boxes of similarly aligned boxes at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport.
It does not go far when it sits firmly next to the middle box.
Customs inspector Lassi Suntio rewards Heila's dog by playing it with her favorite game.
From the drawer next to which Heila was sitting, pottery cases were sprayed with cans of rusty gas.
Garlic gas is the first smell that has been practiced with Heila, "says Suntio, owner of the Heila dog.
The security situation and the web shop's main reasons
Heila is the first dog to find weapons and explosives exploration camps and is placed to work at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport next year.
Job assignments may also lead to other border crossing points and ports at Heila and Suntio's need.
However, the airport will be the main job of Heila, as the international security situation has changed because of serious terrorist attacks in Europe.
The attacks in Paris and Brussels caused measures in Customs and after the attacks the controls have been strengthened, says Customs Officer Mikko Grönberg.
Another major source of training for a weapon and explosive weapon The duties of Customs are postal items passing through Helsinki-Vantaa.
With increased internet sales, up to 40 million mail shipments go to the airport every year, including goods and explosives that can be ordered from abroad.
In recent years, Customs has made around 300 weapons, weapons parts, ammunition and explosive materials and their starting materials at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport an online shopping shop, passenger luggage and air cargo.
Heila will be working around Helsinki-Vantaa.
It will investigate registered luggage and mail items.
In ports, it will be of great benefit in the future as it can go through large container areas and mark areas that require more research, says Grönberg.
Based on the performance of Heila, Customs estimates whether more weapons and explosives will be trained in the future.
Grönberg welcomes the idea.
School in Kirkkonummi
The Heila puppy is co-ordinated by the Dog Training School in Kirkkonummi.
Suntio will also train with Heila with the police and the Defense Forces experts.
The police have strong experience in training dogs and the Defense Forces expertise on explosives.
Customs decides together with other authorities what the odors Heila is taught to recognize.
Heavy training is always done as needed, says Grönberg.
Heila's colleagues at Helsinki-Vantaa are the Six Dog Drugs of Customs, as well as the money and drug dog Massi.
Labrador Retriever Heila has been selected from ten puppies' litters.
The selection criteria for a selected dog include hustle and bustle, as well as tranquility because the dog is involved with arms, explosives and human influences.
Heila, a resident of Suntion, is a close associate for customs inspector, but also a family member.
There is nothing without Heila coming home, Suntio laughs.
Fine-handed commands go to Heila for a one-way order.
Ilta-Sanomat's cameraman loses a camera shield for a quick dog, but Heila returns a soft toy lookout from the "get out" command immediately.
Hard working competition
Heila's initial education will be completed next year.
There are still level tests in the front, next in October, assessing whether training is adequate for demanding work tasks.
Heila can see jobs at Helsinki-Vantaa next year if everything goes according to plan.
Unfortunatelly, the passengers can not iron the work arm on the top of the dog, reminds Suntio.
The cost of one working dog is about 60000-70000 euros per year.
Their working lives are about seven to eight years, up to ten, after which they retire at the hands of their owner.
Working days can be long, eight to ten hours, but active workouts last only ten minutes to a couple of hours.
The owner of the working dogs is a fierce competition in Tull.
Heila's owner was about 20-30 Customs employees.
Happiness hit Suntio, who has not had a working dog before, but has years of experience in dogs and supervisory duties at Tull.
The Minor State got its first Olympic medal - people get a day off
The rugby of the FIFA Olympic Games under one million people is valued in the country so high that the government has set as a national holiday on August 22.
According to the country's broadcaster, the Fidž government confirmed the case after it was resolved.
A day off shall be considered the day after the return of the team.
There are also celebrations for the heroic team in their home country.
The Fiji rugby team celebrated the championship.
The Guardian reports that the country was tracking the finals in the capital, Suva, where a screed was erected.
Normally only native Fijians are interested in rugby, but this game combined with our multicultural community.
Even Chinese restaurants watched the game, I heard their encouragement, said Fiji Times editor Maikele Seru Guardian.
Drama in Riga - the Finnish expedition fainted after a fierce performance
Weight Loss Milko Tokola succeeded in his last attempt at 175kg after a tough battle.
Tokola is a peculiar and life-threatening feature to the exterminator.
During the lifting or shortly thereafter, he has often fainted.
No one has really been able to say why.
Tokola got 175 kg in Rio's work and 145 kg in the shot.
His combined result was 320 pounds.
Tokola tried to get her 175 kilograms last, as well as each other.
The third company weights weighed together with wild boar.
Kroppa trembled under weights until the jury accepted the lift.
The joy of the Finnish traveler was that he had suffered from knee problems.
RoPS acquired Estonia's aggressor Prosan - Veikkausliiga - Ilta-Sanomat
The Rovaniemi Palloseura, who plays in the men's football league, has concluded a long-term contract with Estonian hero Albert Prosa for the end of the season.
We are looking for a top player in our team who has the power and the threshold for coming to Finland and Rovaniemi is small.
We went with more than ten players agent through over 50 players from around the world.
Slowly the crowd started to stand out as a good alternative to Prosa, RoPSin coach Juha Malinen told the press release.
Prosa, 25, arrives at RoPS for the Florina of Tallinn, where he scored a total of 51 goals in 109 matches.
He has also played in the Estonian national team.
Prosan is expected to be with RoPSin already on Saturday in Seinäjoki, where the rovaniemen meet the dominating Finnish champion SJK.
RoPS needed a new striker when the last season's season-runner Aleksandr Kokko moved to Australia.
The Stupid Modern Family Star Reappears Again: The teen's shorts reveal almost everything
Abercrombie & Fitch Ariel Winter, who is familiar with the modern family series Alex Dunphyna, is back in the car with a presentation of his dull body.
Winter was filmed in Hollywood this week in miniseries that do not leave much for imagination.
Shorts revealed not only the actor's legs but also his back.
18-year-old Winter has recently attracted attention by changing his style and behavior considerably more courageous.
The star has posed in pictures in social media in very low clothes and has taken many tattoos.
A young woman has also been seen wearing very scanty outfits.
Winter's advent of adulthood has also recently released several pictures of himself as a party.
If the picture does not appear, you can check it out here.
Earlier this summer, Fox News asked experts why Winter has changed its public image so radically.
In that case, the founder and CEO of PowerwomenTV, Amy Palmer, suspected that Winter has a "typical Hollywood transformation" from childhood to adult.
He has been on television almost all his life and has grown up in the era of the Kardashian.
He has learned that the more things that appear to reveal the surface, the more publicity and attention in Hollywood gets, Palmer says to Fox News and adds that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen countless times before.
Winter started the Modern Family series when he was only 11 years old.
The actor has indignant part of his long-term fans with his imagination change.
It's not hard to guess where he is from ten years old when the slope is already hard, says one woman in Winter's Instagram.
Some of the fans of the woman, on the other hand, advocate the actor and urge him to ignore the criticism.
You look great!
Just the same as the others say.
You are inspired by many women, anxious young woman.
Japanese people prefer to go to Finland in the Nordic countries - attracting tourists in the northwest: In the fall, it is possible to see the spectacular mirror Aurora
The purpose of the campaign is to attract Japanese people to start their day cruises already in early autumn, says Visit Finland in the press release.
The main attractions of the Japanese night-life tourism are Inari and Levi.
The Revontulas are our winter holiday trump cards, and are strongly associated with heartworm and snowy landscapes.
Lapland winter walks are in great demand, but we are now trying to increase the sales of autumn holidays.
Few know that the snowshoe begins early in the autumn and continues long into the spring.
In the autumn, it is possible to see the so-called mirror Aurora, where the lake's surface reflects the Northern lights, making the sight twice a fairytale, "says Anne Lind, marketing manager at Visit Finland.
The main target group for Visit Finland's Revolution Campaign are wealthy 25-35 year-olds, Japanese residents living in the city, dreaming about tourism and new experiences.
They are already interested in Finland, its nature and design.
Tourists are attracted to Finland by, for example, online advertising.
According to a survey conducted by Aalto University and researchers at Turku and Tokyo universities, Finland has an exceptionally strong and positive country picture among the Japanese compared to other Nordic countries.
The Japanese would, however, wish to have clearer, more unique sights from Finland, and Linda says that this eve of winters has enormous potential.
The number of nights spent by Japanese tourists in Finland has increased considerably more than the other Nordic countries.
Last year, they stayed more than double in Finland more than in Sweden, Denmark or Norway.
For the Finnish tourism, the Japanese are of interest to the target group as they used more than 80 million euros in Finland.
On average, the Japanese used 183 euros a day in Finland, Lind says.
The United Kingdom is content with rugby silver as the gold medal leads to Gold
Britain's impressive progress in the rugby tournament collapsed Fidz's last challenge on Thursday night's finals as the team experienced 43-7 crushing defeats at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji held a master's degree in reading, chewing, quizzes, support games, running lines and silk when winning gold - their first Olympic medal.
The defeat came with a fair amount of silver medal - the third day of the UK - and they were proud of their hard work at the Olympic Rugby Start-up Championship with which they won New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier on the same day, the hard 7-5 victory over South Africa on the same day could have bothered them in the finals.
But in spite of this, Fidi would have been able to win this even if the 15-man team was perfect.
Britain may perhaps - but probably not - be comforted by the fact that at least one Briton has a gold medal on his neck tomorrow: Former head coach is Ben Ryan, former England boss from Wimbledon.
Great Britain has been quite a trip.
Eight years ago, as Ryan's coach, they lost each game in the Adelaide tournament.
Here they only lost one.
This spinal stomach hurts, but the development is startling.
Fidi started off in an excellent way to prevent the UK from playing for fun.
With captain Tom Mitchell and his team this was like running buses, and world champions led 5-0 after Osea Kolinisau dived into corner finish.
When the clock was four minutes, Jerry Tuwai's second touchdown led to a paint pot.
12-0, and Britain was barely touching the ball.
Mitchell's brilliant Taklaus stopped the man's lining from Leone Nakarawa's third goal, but it was only a slowdown for Fidi.
At seven minutes Jasa Veremalua scored a goal at the right angle and the UK was 17-0.
Nakarawa made another goal for a new start and the clock was still over a minute ... the first Half.
After that, Vatemo Ravouvou crashed through the loose of Great Britain and rushed to the finish line.
After a shotgun, the situation was 29-0.
It looked as if Fidi was born to play rugby while the UK just learned the game.
And that's the way it really is.
The United Kingdom took a break in the lap of the changes that blocked the Fidi dam ... for a total of four minutes, which was good compared to the first half until Josua Tuisova scored the goal of Fidi after the lead.
Dan Norton picked up the United Kingdom as he scored the touchdown in the left corner and narrowed the numbers to 36-7, but the game had long been lost to the islanders in the South Sea, whose fans were singing, waving the flags and dancing in the stands.
It was difficult to be without admiring Fidie's delightful approach.
Mata Viliame's last-minute paint was frosting in Fidi's cake, which did not need to be peeled.
The whistle was whistled, the cuddlers hunted and the United Kingdom crashed into the grass, completely beaten.
Earlier that same day, Fidi had hit Japan's semi-finals 20-5, and Britain won South Africa's fierce semifinals, each with one goal - a British paintball beat the game.
Kyle Brown took the lead in South Africa in the first half but Dan Norton crossed the finish line with dazzling footwork and scored under the goal posts for the second half.
The great late Taklaus Marcus Watson, England's 15-line rugby team Anthony's brother, secured victory and ultimately silver medal.
The coach's fight against cancer beat Helen Glover and Heather Stanning into rowing
In these games there will be no more frustrating gold feelings, and it really means something.
From the first bout to the last, 220-strong duckling of history books, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found the deeper significance of their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they rode two, there were three voices on the boat. Coach Robin Williams's echo was all the time when the duo fired for the second consecutive Olympic rounds in the women's doubles race - the first women in the history books of British sports achieving that achievement.
Their management was complete, and this was their 39th performance undefeated, which is also record-breaking.
This is what we see, two great athletes on the surface joining the swan with a swing, not fully reflecting the nature of the victory.
Every runner is backed by a group of helpful handballs that progressively promote the things that matter, and no handball was as important as a coach who did not know until 30 months ago after knowing cancer diagnosis.
As he said, the situation was stingy.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the things that can be trimmed and they did a surgery.
If they do not cut, it spreads everywhere.
The situation could have been pretty bad.
It changes a bit of your mindset.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was fortunate that his treatment could begin at the beginning of 2014 outside the season, causing as little disturbance as possible - if that expression could ever be used in such situations.
I had to get paid, so I had to get better quickly.
It encouraged me.
I was in the hospital and walked around the department - 20, 30, 50 feet at a time when they said a few steps would suffice.
So it started.
Pulling in itself is a journey, but it makes it a bit bigger.
Immediately after winning the first pair of thoughts, Williams had had a nervous morning and had spoken a bit more than usual trying to deal with his own nervousness.
Stanning, an experienced Captain of the Regiment of the Royal Artillery in Afghanistan, said: "I have been a hubby this week, which may be a bit overreacting, but that means so much to me."
It just highlights how important this is for me, how hard we and Helen, and Robin, have worked.
The past three years with Helen and Rob have been awesome.
Without Robin, we would not have anything, so he has great thanks, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not have imagined a better trainee partner or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the competition for five years.
The couple set a rhythm that their runners did not reach.
Even at the last 500 yards, when New Zealand and Denmark teams started to approach, Stanning and Glover had too much energy in the stock.
We were very close in an instant.
Helen cried "stay in the process, stay in the process".
It's really important to keep control.
We had a good start, and at the same time we did not try to do anything special.
We did not look for fireworks today, we just aim for good rowing and winning the race, and so we did.
A couple waits for a year before deciding on their future.
Glover will attend the wedding next month when she gets married with TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Right now he just wants to enjoy the moment.
"I did not want to say that this was my last race.
It would have put too much pressure on it.
After London it took about six months to realize that I was an Olympic champion.
Everything was so new and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
This feels so much better, "he said.
Iceland is replacing the Panama Leakage Board
In October, Iceland will organize early parliamentary elections, which the protesters who are raving about the Panama information flows are calling for in the spring.
The so-called Panama papers revealed a number of Icelandic politicians who were circulating taxes through tax havens.
Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson resigned because of the scandal, but it was not enough for the demonstrators.
His successor Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson then promised to hold new parliamentary elections in the autumn.
The election day is now scheduled for October 29.
According to analysts, it is difficult to predict how much the last-night rage of the people will affect the election results of the autumn.
In the presidential elections in June, the critics of the ruling parties were clearly visible, and Gudni Johannesson was nominated as a candidate for politics.
Trump said he was sarcastic in claiming Obama as the founder of Isis
US President Donald Trump, the presidential candidate, revoked his most recent speeches.
He said he was sarcastic in claiming that President Barack Obama would be the founder of a terrorist organization, Isis and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, to participate in the organization.
The Democratic Party was frightened of the speeches and demanded an apology from Trump.
The Chief of the Army should never let anyone who can sink down, Clinton's hat.
In southern France, the Mayor of Cannes has forbidden the use of a swimsuit by the Muslims to cover the swimsuit in the baths, according to the British Guardian.
The decree signed by Mayor David Lisnard states that swimming and swimming are prohibited for anyone without a good habit and a secular swimsuit.
The decision also states that bathing suits that are highly revealing religious connections may increase the risk of systemic disturbances in France, which has been the subject of terrorist attacks.
In mid-July, 85 people died and hundreds were injured in Nice when a 31-year-old man drove the French National Day to a crowd in the crowd.
At the end of July, two extremist Isis-linked men attacked the church in northern France and killed a priest of more than 80 years.
The quality of bathing waters in the Oulu region penetrated the screen - Pyykösjärvi
Water samples taken from the official beaches of the Oulu region meet the quality requirements for bathing water.
Only the beach of Pyykösjärvi has been found to have blue-green algae.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the Oulu region environmental action took water samples from the nine EU beaches in the Oulu region and 30 other beaches.
With the exception of Meriniemi beach, the concentration of E. coli and intestinal enterococci bacteria in bathing waters of all bathing waters was below the limits set by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health regulations.
The E. coli and enterococci concentrations of Meriniemi beach water were confirmed on Wednesday when bacterial concentrations had fallen below the operating limits.
The blue-green algae found in the beach of Pyykösjärvi still does not make water unpolluted, but in favorable conditions the situation can quickly turn into a blue-green algae, forming a blue-green algae in the water.
Environmental action monitors the situation with denser inspections.
If the blue-green algae becomes blue-green algae, the notice board on the beach will also be notified separately.
See the results of bathing water samples here.
MTK's Hakkarainen forest harvesting allowance: More than 80 percent of forest owners outside
The forest allowance is one of the tax changes in the Ministry of Finance's next year's budget proposal.
The tax on income tax is proposed for a tax deduction based on the gift tax on generations of forestry.
In the Ministry of Finance's presentation, forestry compensation has four objectives: to promote the generation of forestry generations, to rejuvenate the age structure of forest owners, to increase forest size and to increase the supply of wood.
The ministry aims to promote entrepreneurial forestry.
The forest owner would deduct from the pure capital income of forestry.
Above all, the idea of making such a tool that promotes generational changes in forestry is good, comments Juha Hakkarainen, Forest Director of the Agricultural and Forestry Producers' Union (MTK).
Hakkarainen, however, finds a criticism of the tax evasion.
The forest allowance deduction is proposed for the forest owner's pure capital income.
It is capital income that has been deducted from all other deductions.
According to MTK and Hakkarainen, the effectiveness of the tax deduction would be greater if the deduction could be made directly from the sale of timber.
In the VM's proposal, the deduction from the pure capital income from forestry prevents it from being a loss of capital income from forestry, which should be deducted from other taxation.
Such a person would get a tax advantage, even if not a tree.
The calculation model is unnecessarily complicated.
The average forest owner is unable to perceive it, Hakkarainen says.
In addition, the model concerns only a small proportion of forest owners.
The tax deduction bound for the forest yield value is € 40,000.
It has been drawn to Hakkarainen's view too high.
As such, it will cut 82 percent of Finnish forest owners out of the deduction.
The model would have an impact on about 10 percent of the forest owner's share, he says.
In the VM it is considered that the limit guarantees the objective of increasing the farm size.
According to Hakkarainen, for decades, forestry policy has reduced the forest cover.
The background to this is the aging of the forestry population.
According to MTK, the average age of forest owners is currently over 60, and about half of forest owners are retired.
Powerful hail surprise surprised car drivers at Himanga - two cars dived into ditch and collided
There was a special rehearsal on the morning in Himjah on Friday morning.
According to the rescue service, two consecutive cars were dived into the ditch, after which they came to the rear.
According to Harri Pyyhtiä, firefighter of the day, the ditching of the ditches is suspected of being caused by heavy hail.
At the back of the car there were two people, both of whom were transported to hospital care.
There is no more information about their injuries.
The driver of the car not mentioned above was injured.
The accident happened on Highway 8 from Himanga a few kilometers to Kalajoki.
Finnish research can help improve the effectiveness of cancer treatments
Recent research results from researchers at the University of Turku can help develop cancer treatments more efficiently.
Observations made by Academy Professor Johanna Ivaskan's research team indicate that the hardness of cancer tumor increases cancer malignancy.
Many human tissues, such as breast tissue, are very soft, and tissue cells grow in the usual way in such an environment.
According to Ivaska, cancer growth could be prevented under laboratory conditions by restoring the surrounding tissue to normal tissue of smooth tissue.
In the future, the efficacy of cancer drug treatments may be improved by focusing on treatment in addition to cancer cells, interaction between cells and surrounding tissue.
The results of the research have been published on 4 August in the prestigious Nature Communications magazine in the field of cell biology.
The puppet's family home-breeding continues, the prosecutor also demands murder to another creator
The plowing of Muhos's family home will continue in the twin for both convicts.
Two young men were sentenced in June to a prison house in a family home in Muhos.
The other person was 8 years old for 4 months, among others, as a teenager and an aggravated robbery.
The second sentence is 12 years of imprisonment for juvenile murder and aggravated robbery.
The convicted person also sentenced him to an aggravated road safety risk as a young person and to transport a vehicle as a young person.
The judge of the district court was appealed by the prosecutor, the appellants and the more severe judge.
The prosecutor demands that a minor who has been sentenced to a minor punishment be sentenced to a 12-year imprisonment for being sentenced as a young person.
They were at the time of doing full understanding
According to the District Court, 17-year-old youths killed a man working as a director of a school-based child welfare unit in July last year.
The 17-year-old Murmur was attacked by the jury from the rear of the living room couch.
The director had been able to get out of the way and laid the young man in his room, when another young man struck him on a vacuum tube.
The pilot was also intercepted with the lead, beaten and kicked in the head.
According to the mental research, the two convicts were in full understanding at the time of their commission.
According to the right, the young had planned to escape from the family home at least from the previous day.
Ice Age is the world's longest-running vertebrate, only growing at the age of 156
The ice age is confirmed for the longest living vertebrates in the world, according to a study published in the Science journal.
Holkeri can live up to 400 years old in the north of the Atlantic, such as Greenland, which swims around Greenland.
The female grows only at the age of 156.
Longer life time adds to the fact that it only grows a centimeter a year.
Only one species of mussels is known to live longer than ice.
The researchers found their age was determined by radiocarbon timing.
Because of the nuclear tests carried out in the 1950's, some of the sharks had radioactive residues.
The researchers were able to estimate the age of sharks.
The oldest age was estimated at 392 years - although throwing in the direction or another can be up to 120 years.
Donald Trump as a Businesswoman - People's News
Donald Trump's America does not change the world needs.
Up to one-third of all tax revenues in the state would be lost if Donald Trump's corporate tax changes were implemented.
Tax revenues would also be reduced, especially with the most beneficial tax breaks.
Trump described his tax program as revolutionary when presenting it on Monday in Detroit.
Corporate tax would drop from 35% to 15%.
There would be a huge sum of $ 1,000 billion a year.
The highest income tax rate is now 39.6, after Trump's discount 33.
The inheritance tax would be completely surrendered.
Trump accused the state of excessive regulation of business life and running small businesses into bankruptcy.
Emergency environmental standards have to be renewed and regulation of the energy sector needs to be dismantled.
Barack Obama's healthcare reform needs to be taken up for new treatment.
Administration needs to be appointed "experts instead of bureaucrats".
According to Trump, the "destructive" commercial policy is one of the main causes of US problems.
Free Trade Agreements would be released.
For imports from China, 45% and Mexico's 35% penalty will be slandered.
We offer a new future.
America, not globality, is our confession, Trump proclaimed.
Donald Trump's America Does not Change the World Needs:
American cars will drive in the streets, American airplanes to connect cities, Americans ship to watch at sea, American steel to lift all over the country new skyscrapers.
Unlike its way, Trump readily read through the help of assistants, even though well-organized protests interrupted it 14 times.
Economists - including those close to the Republicans - see the Trump program pushing the United States into a deep economic downturn.
Hillary Clinton announced her own program early on Friday for Finnish time.
The tidal wave of the past - People's News
The sea is fatal, but a tidal wave hits in the middle of the catwalk in Madrid - an account of the past can begin.
It summed up the essence of Pedro Almodovar's novelty story.
Almodovar's previous guided work The Travelgators (2013) was a little fun and a ruddy satirical comedy, the precocious Iho in which I live (2011) the Spanish Peak Career's Peaks.
Correspondingly, Juliet (2016) is somewhere between those two works.
It is a compassionate serene love, interpersonal, and perhedraam, with a mother-to-daughter relationship.
The story is simple and is seen largely as a long wake.
Life seems to be a model for a middle-aged name (Emma Suarez), but then everyone is threatening to collapse.
In the aftermath of the occasional encounter, a new husbandfriend (Dario Grandinetti) may be surprised at the end of the movie.
In the form of a backstage and a long letter, Julieta takes the steps of her life to her grown-up daughter.
He starts the time before the daughter's birth, moments when she met this coming dad (Daniel Grao).
Adraina Ugarte, a young-time teacher as Juliet as a teacher, is on her second female part, a time series between 2013 and 2014.
Juliet's aging has been treated in a way that can be considered as a rush, but I would say that it is a time and a word with a single spin.
Almodovar's often so characteristic blubber, even in humor, Juliet has a fair distance.
It is equally depicted, low-key, a place where some good music and a rather melancholic film, which has the ingredients for elegia.
Instead, the visual color saturation typical of a Spanish instructor is preserved and so it starts to put little silence into the eye more in its pure form than as a working drama effect.
People in the movie are experiencing illnesses, deaths or otherwise only sudden losses, but the surface remains one in Korea.
This is especially true for the costume: in the case of a nominee, the habits change from one scene to another, and the same applies to spectacular ears.
Almodóvar is accurate in these matters, but the main thing, the tunes of the scene at this stage, does not improve this.
When mechanically repeated, the impression is peripheral and a bit non-breathless.
Almodóvar has written a manuscript on the Nobel Laureate in 2013, based on the three Novel of Alice Munro, Canadian.
Novels have been published in Karkulainen: Reports.
Almodóvar has invested in the dialogue, resulting in a slight written literary filmmaking.
The artifact would have been emotionally incomparably more dramatic than the drama, the big things that are - the most striking guilty - the theme of the movie deals.
Direction and script: Pedro Almodóvar.
Based on Alice Munro's three novels.
Starring: Emma Suarez, Adriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandinetti.
The movie premiere is 12.8.
The government is trying to elect - People's News
No new cuts will be made, hasty ministers, so that the True Finns do not collapse in full.
However, spring cuts will be made by scraping.
No new cuts will be made.
The four billion savings already decided are sufficient.
This is convinced by Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (center) and Finance Minister Petteri Orpo (Kok.) Under the budget line.
It is true that there are no new cuts in the VM's proposal because of the cuts in social security already decided in the spring of the spending limits.
Child benefit, national pension, basic unemployment and nearly all other benefits linked to the National Pensions Index are cut by 0.85 percent.
The duration of earnings-related unemployment security will shorten from 500 days to 400.
Training cuts continue.
The municipal elections are haunted
Why do ministers stress so badly that they do not make new cuts on them?
Because next year is the election year.
Municipal elections are held in April and they are the most important thermometer for the legislature, not polls.
It has been seen that the governmental outcome of the governing parties in different directions spoils the government's ambition for a long time.
Gallups, however, say that the ruling party of the Finns is expecting a scourge, although the result of the previous elections was a modest 12.3 per cent compared to the parliamentary elections.
Four million years ago, the True Finns had 752 new delegates, most of whom next spring will realize the price of influence in the right-wing government.
The wisdom of the three-or even the same party's government is based on the fact that the root canals endure.
Now it has not lasted, but more than half of the votes in the party had enough government policy in the first year.
The first signs of the Party Party's party have also come to the surface.
New excursions do not come to the premiere, first of all, to shake off the fact that next year they will be drastically done and secondly, to try to soften the aspirations of the Finns.
Major cuts in 2018?
After a year, everything is likely to be different - if the Sipilä government is still up.
The government has set the target of declining indebtedness during this parliamentary term, but Petteri Orpo's budget proposal will require a debt of € 5.9 billion next year, up more than this year.
After the municipal elections, the government has two choices.
The first is to raise their hands in the middle of the parliamentary term and admit that the government can not comply with its own program: indebtedness is not tainted or even slowed down.
One is to stick to the program.
It means getting even bigger cuts in the former budget line in 2017.
The budget would be at least close to balance in 2018, and then in the parliamentary elections, in the spring, what will happen.
With these actions, indebtedness is not over
It is perfectly clear that with current actions, the debt burden is not over, even though Juha Sipilä tries to stimulate a positive atmosphere.
Signs presented by the State Secretary at Martti Hetemäki's budget at a press briefing prove it unconstitutional:
World economic growth forecasts have repeatedly proved to be over-optimistic, ie, the drive from the international economy does not come.
Finland's economy has not just risen since the collapse in 2008, except temporarily during the revitalization policy of the early 2010s.
Unemployment has increased by 35% in the decade and averaged 34 to 54 weeks.
Unemployment now costs EUR 3 billion a year more than in 2008.
In the hurdles presented by Hetemäki, government debt, which exceeded the 60% limit in 2014, will rise to 70% in the middle of the next decade.
What is responsible?
In the spring of 2015, the debt relief proposed by the Left Alliance was rejected because it was considered irresponsible.
Next year, the maintenance of unemployment will cost about six billion euros, which will be fully covered by taking new debt.
This is an understanding of what is central to the center, the congregation and the fundamental peoples of what is responsible.
Questionnaire: We want to leave a lot of tasks for the municipalities
Three out of four think that the organization of child day care, youth work and physical activity is the responsibility of the municipality, according to the research conducted by the KAKS Foundation for the Development of Municipalities.
A clear majority of the people spell responsibility on a single municipality, including libraries, cultures, civic colleges, building supervision, high school education and waste management.
For the province, the most obvious is the need for regional planning, specialist health care, vocational training, polytechnics and inpatient care for the mentally handicapped.
There is no need to transfer any of the tasks of the local authority to the state.
A minor drunk driver ran after the end of the track to get the police out
The Joensuu's 16-year-old motorcyclist drove a police parade to a banquet in Joensuu, Ilomantsintie, on Friday night, half a time.
The police industry tried to stop without the lights of a run-of-the-mill motorcycle, but a young man set off to drive the police off to a fair speed.
The back-pursuit continued on Sonkajanrannantie, which continued to Sorronahontie and the smaller forest road where the motorcycle drifted out of the way.
Even then, a young man left running, but a quicker police officer ran down the yard.
The blower test for the driver showed 0.75 pounds.
He also did not have a driving license that would entitle him to ride a motorcycle.
The case is being investigated, among other things, as an aggravated threat to road safety.
The truck in the stalk fell in the ditch
The truck in the rock ran down the ditch at Polvijärvi in Kaavintie on Thursday night at 21.15.
The truck had drifted to the left in a curving bend out of the way and fell to its ditch.
The rescue service lifted the injured driver out of the ramp through the overhead door, together with the rescue helicopter personnel and paramedics.
Lifting the vehicle was left to the owner of the car.
From the sloping raft, a hydraulic oil was drawn into the road by the rescue service to peat.
The police investigate the cause of the accident.
An elderly woman disappeared in the afternoon in Ilmajoki
The 87-year-old woman has been missing in Ilmajoki in Lahdenkylä, South Ostrobothnia since the afternoon.
The police are looking for about 165 cm long, slim and gentle women with white under the jaw.
Observations and suggestions about missing stores are requested to call the Ostrobothnian Situation Center's ZIP code 0295440513.
The Great Depth of Materials in the Air - see the photo gallery about Parafest's destruction
The flooding of the Parafest festival tents caused massive destruction.
Arto Pippuri, Chairman of Joensuu's Parafury Association, estimates that the festival is economically accessible to its feet, and the event can also be held next year.
Parapest's last performer Kalle Salonen performed at the end of Friday night.
On Saturday, the program will continue with the performances on the premises of the City Theater starting at 13.00.
Art Center Ahjo has a Parafest show from 13 to 15.
The program is organized as planned.
Flush flow occurs on a thunderstorm when rainwater and its weight trigger a falling airflow.
Changes in the shape of the umbilical water condition bind the heat, and consequently the falling air mass cools down and its pace towards the earth accelerates.
The Finnish Meteorological Institute is reported to have runoff fluxes in Finland during the summer.
It is difficult to predict the runway flow path.
The flood flow hit the backyard of the Joensuu Art Museum at Parafest's place on Friday afternoon before five.
Three tents fell to pieces, tents totaled about 200 people.
In the accident, four people slightly injured themselves.
Among them was one child who was slightly injured in post-treatment.
Air pollution is outdated by Londoners
According to the study, the Londoner's skin expires faster than usual.
The cause of skin aging is air pollution.
The British study tells the Evening Standard.
British skin care company Caci analyzes London without the most toxic particles and their effects on the skin.
The results show that the skin of many retired Londoners is two and a half years older than a peasant living in rural areas, for example.
Skin particles aging are a very good dust extract, which comes from traffic fuels.
The same particles also cause respiratory diseases, which according to Evening Standard, nearly 9,500 Londoners die each year.
Studies have shown that the particles are small enough to penetrate the skin's outer layer.
Cac's study found that early aging is a risk especially for those Londoners who go on their way to walking around the congested streets.
London residents can try to protect themselves against air pollution, for example with different types of disguises, but a more practical solution is to regularly clean the skin.
Tractor brakes disappointed - he spat in front of a man standing
The man had moved stones in his yard with a tractor.
When he had risen from the tractor and went to the front of the tractor, the brakes of the tractor were deceiving and the tractor came down on the man.
The man did not miss it, but the tractor did get a puppy man so much that he was transported to the central hospital for further investigation seriously injured.
The tractor did not run out any longer, as it collided with the stones in front.
Riento will be the newest in the upcoming season
The Joensu-Liiga-Riento, playing in the Volleyball League in October, is set to start in October with better starting points than in men's memory.
The team has been around for three weeks.
The common tone is more certain than in the previous seasons, when the beginning of the series has been grim for Rienno.
Jani Säisä, who continues as Rienno's head coach, praises the new team as enterprising and united.
Fred Musoni will start his second season at Rienno in the middle of the third quarter.
The new face is Murangwa Nelson and Hiago Garchet aged 23.
Nelson, a Rwandan national team, has a 205-inch chipper.
Garchet is similarly a passari, the Brazilian has a weight of 198 cents.
Josban, Katajan ja Jokipoik to the US National Team
Anne Jumppanen has played in almost all of the Floorball World Cup since 2003.
Now in Tampere are already the sixth tournaments, only 2013 lagged behind Canada after the North American qualifiers.
I was in Turku at work and playing with the women in that town when I noticed the announcement.
The US was setting up a groundbreaking national team.
I was interested and here we are, Jumppanen, 48, says.
Jamaica was born in 1967 near New York in the city of Elizabeth.
The family moved to Helsinki when the girl was one year old.
In 1987, Jumppanen joined the University of Joensuu to study data processing.
When I came to Joensuu, such a kind was not played on the SM level as a floorball.
The spell was played at the university.
I played basketball in Kataj and later in Jokipoja hockey in SM series, Jumppanen remembers.
Jumppanen played in the club's SM-series for the floorball season 1991-92, the next three went to Josba.
Along with playing, he played the club A-girls in the championship.
The Women's SM Series Championship peaked in silver in 1995.
All in all, Jumppanen played in the women's SM-Series 10, with a balance of 169 in 51 + 34 = 85.
The latest SM season is 2001-2002.
Perttu Puska and Tatu Väänänen were nominated for the national team
Joensuu's Floorball Association Josban was raised by Perttu Puska and Enola-based Tatu Väänänen was chosen to join Finland's national team, who will play in the Czech Brno EFT tournament on 6-8 November.
The 25-year-old Perttu Puska, the offensive at the Helsinki Battalion, has played six male men's matches before, when he has accumulated a total of 9 + 4 = 13 points.
The 32-year-old defender, Tatu Väänänen, of Wiler-Ersigen, has recovered from a thorax and is part of the national team's standard 117-player experience.
The national team was also named Seinäjoki Lotters' Winner, Mika Kohonen, who was seen in the Finnish-shirt last time last December's World Cup.
The floorball team's head coach is Petri Kettunen, Counselor of Accounting.
Beach volley board Essi Hasu's circle closes in Kouvola - SM gold is missing from the prize cup
Essi Hasu is ending up as a beach volley player at least temporarily after this season.
Beach Volleyball Championships will be held at the Kouvola Sports Park on weekend.
In three days, medals are played in both adults and young people.
In cooperation with the Kouvola Volleyball Association and the Finnish Volleyball Association, the SM finals will be ranked in the top six pairs of each series's ranking.
Local color in the tournament represents Elimäki NMKY was raised by Essi Hasu, who has been part of the Finnish beach volleyball for many years now.
Today, Hasu, who lives in Helsinki, is looking forward to the games in front of a well-known audience.
Hopefully as many people will be able to come to the auditorium at the weekend.
The Pesis Stadium is surely coming to a fine arena.
I did not play in Kouvola many times in the adult series, so it's great to play at the end of the finals, Hasu moods.
The region of Kouvola ignited Hasu's spark in sports and gave good lunches for a great hobby.
Childhood is well remembered in the mind.
I started volleyball at the age of 9 at Elimäki in NMKY's E-Girls.
The top is in mind too big jumpsuit, ankle knee pads, and glittering aces and choreographies after a point, Hasu recalls.
In a small town, the Sports Club was a tight community where everyone knew each other.
The team spirit created an environment that was nice to play.
All the families were strongly involved - the father of a teammate drove us and our mother was a long time chairman of the club.
Essi Hasulle beach volley was already a natural selection of balloons in the ball game as early as the juniors.
The band at the Käyrälammi beach has been playing billiards since the 1990's.
In Käyskä, activity has always been active.
I also went to the junior tournaments for SM tournaments, so that I would be there someday.
Now, this dream comes true when Hasu plays at the weekend with Anniina Parkkinen, the scumbag, in the SM finals.
After Riikka Lehtonen and Taru Lahti in the tournament, the second goal of the two is clear.
As a realistic goal we have a medal.
SM gold is still missing from the prize cup, Hasu throws mysteriously.
The appearance of a weekend in Kouvola may have Hasu's last in front of a well-known audience.
At the beginning of September, new challenges await civil war.
Yes, the international career is over after the Kisakallio tournament.
Otherwise, the ankle slippers are put on nails at least temporarily, Hasu designs.
Flood flow flooded tents at event of disabled people in Joensuu, major disaster was near
The flood stream poured three tents at the Parafest Disabled in Joensuu.
According to newspaper Karjalainen, four people were injured in an accident.
One child was transported to the hospital for further treatment.
According to Karjalainen, the tents had a total of about 200 people.
There was a show in one big tent.
Two tents were smaller.
The accident happened on Friday at 17:00.
Fireman Markus Viitaniemi, who is on duty for Karjani, tells the newspaper that there was a major disaster in the situation.
According to the magazine, the continuation of the event is at stake.
The first line in the magnificent architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the Central Library, where the Southern California Chapter of the Society of Architectural Historians hosts a meeting with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, who are the authors of the recent "Los Angeles Central Library: History of Its Art and Architecture".
According to the program, Gee and Schwartzman discuss and share pictures of Bertram Goodhuen's plans for 1926, as well as Hardy Holzman's Pfeiffer Associates' 1993 Restoration and Ancillary Building.
The gathering will be held on 21st August at 14-16 in the Salle Modern Art Deco Southwestern School of Law (former Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants will have access to the main lobby, stylish rooms, cactus living rooms and tea room.
Prepayment is required: $ 15 for SAH / SCC members, $ 25 for non-members.
The open, industrial attic in DTLA is experiencing a comfortable deformation
The 90th birthday of the Los Angeles Central Library is celebrated, with no more than a new book
Salomon Koli was boldly heading for farming
Agriculture as an entrepreneurial spirit means risk taking, sweat and energy.
A young farmer, Salomon Koli, 25, started farming as he believes in a positive future in rural areas as well.
Koli started two years ago with his little brother Valtteri Koli as a continuator of their home state.
Their dad Markus Koli helps and advises the brothers with their own experience.
Starting up as a rural entrepreneur meant raising debt and increasing farm size so that bread could come from agriculture.
This has been my little thing since I was a little boy.
I have always liked to farm, and now that I started myself as an entrepreneur, I've put everything in the game.
If something starts, I think it should be done seriously and properly.
In 2013, we started building a yard, and at first the bankers were not enthusiastic about it.
However, I was really bold to join the project and I have been involved with it, Salomon Koli explains and adds that he would not take action if he did not believe in the production of pure Finnish food and that everything is still good.
Salomon Koli's goal is to invest in a bigger barn.
This work has produced a result, as Salomon Koli has been selected among the top ten in the competition for young food producers in Rural Future.
He is currently competing for a possible win.
He will be able to vote on the magazine's website until 21 August.
Bulgaria announces inflation for the first time in eight months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% in July.
This is the highest reading for years (after June 2012) and the first reading above zero since October last year, when a positive 0.2% was reported.
The average annual inflation measured by the cost of living index was -0.8% (August 2015 to July 2016) over the last 12 months compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The July 2016 cost of living index was 101.0% compared to June 2016, ie monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared with December 2015), the inflation rate has been -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2% compared to July 2015.
Compared to the previous month, in July 2016, the rise in food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), leisure and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%) were observed in the price of the following consumer goods.
Prices fell in clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household goods and routine care (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained the same with the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Snapchat's "anime" effect is criticized as Asian cartoons
According to Snapchat, anime has acted as a source of inspiration for the filter, but some observers say it is racist.
With its lense tool, Snapchat enables around 150 million daily users to modify reality and play identities in ways that are almost ridiculous.
You can change yourself into pineapple, dog or figure that would fit with Roy Lichtenstein's painting.
Lenses are simple, eye-catching tools that deliver over 30 million improvements per day.
All the misleading steps end up quickly in public documents.
Snapchat lenses have been criticized in the past for allegations that the application advertise blackface or "blackjack" mask or favor bleached skin color as a beauty outfit.
So when Snapchat advertised this week to some users with a lens that gave them skewed eyes, slanted teeth and cheeks, some critics called it racist caricatures of Asian people - "yellow hair" or yellowfaceksi.
And they wondered if these recurring polemics could be a sign of the company's bigger problem with regard to diversity.
News and disapproval would spread on a large Wednesday following reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day later Snapchat said it had abolished the feature.
The company offered an explanation: The lens was meant to be an honor for anime characters, not caricatures of Asians.
But for the experienced observers, the lens was a reminder of offensive stereotypes in action.
Others banned the animation comparison fiercely.
Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose twitter of photos was widely distributed, said in her email that the lens was "at least offensive and uncomfortable".
He added that "it is difficult to argue for comparisons with vicious aggressive Asian caricatures and filter effects".
It shows that the filter is not just an icing, but an icing on extreme degradation.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural answares.
American culture seems to be endured in the endless struggle of diversity and inclusiveness, corporation meeting rooms in Hollywood, and the devices we all hold in our hands.
And Snapchat's huge, racially more youthful audience of older parents can mean they are even more likely to expect an understanding attitude.
25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday that when one of Snapchat's lenses creates an insulting image to the user, "it is much more difficult for these guys to be unnoticeable."
On Thursday Zhu, product manager and engineer working for Medium, decided to remove her Snapchat account and called on others to do the same.
In his letter to Medium and telephone interview, he said he believed that racial disputes reflected the shortage of Snapchat's pay-as-you-go practices.
Zhu criticized the company chiefly for white management and decided to write his article with a hashtag #DeleteSnapchat (#PoistaSnapchat)
"Either they do not have a multifaceted representation of different skin colors in their staff, which is why they are able to make such decisions," Sino-American Zhu said, "or they have different skin color workers at work, but they are not in positions where they feel safe or able to speak directly."
Other observers share his opinion, a complaint that Snapchat has largely failed to answer.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its staff, pointing out its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the staffing of its staff, but according to a spokeswoman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and to push forward internal efforts to include.
For her part, Zhu said that keeping her Snapchat account closed, adding: "It's like they actually need more users like us to say that this is not ok."
According to the congressional panel, military officials distorted Isis intelligence
In a report released on Thursday, the congressional panel said the intelligence agencies, which have shaped the US military armed forces headquarters, to present a more optimistic picture of the war in Iraq and Syria against the ISIS than what events on the ground justified.
The interim report published by the Working Group of the Republican Defense Council of the House of Representatives, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Grant Subcommittee found a "widespread dissatisfaction" among head of intelligence analysts who said that supervisors tame their estimates of American efforts to win Isis.
The headquarters, known as Centcomina, is the Headquarters of the Armed Forces Military Area in Tampa, Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The results of the inquiries approved by higher-ranking Centcom leaders typically gave a more positive picture of US anti-terrorist efforts than what the on-the-spot facts justified, and were normally more positive than the analyzes produced by other factors in the intelligence community," the report said in a press release.
"Centcom's events are impossible to accept - our fighters in the war will suffer when bad analyzes are presented to high-ranking decision makers," said Ken Calvert, California's Republican.
Centcom's management failures reach the very top of the organization.
The ten-page report describes in detail the lengthy problems in the headline descriptions and analyzes of US efforts to train Iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide clear evidence that the high-ranking administration of the Obama administration had ordered reports to be tampered with, it depicts analysts knowing that Centcom's leaders would have put pressure on them to describe the Islamic state Isis's threat more positively.
"For the first half of 2015 many headquarters press releases, statements and certificates to the congress were far more positive than the events themselves," the report said.
The Centcom authority, for example, publicly stated that a major offensive to re-invade Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, is still held by Isis.
"After investigating the months this is very clear," replied Mike Pompeo, a Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
Between mid-2014 and mid-2015, the highest-ranking intelligence chiefs of the U.S. armed forces headquarters manipulated headquarters intelligence outputs to undermine ISI's threat in Iraq.
The republicans, after consulting the working group, established that analysts had raised concerns about the manipulation of intelligence from an Islamic state.
The report released on Thursday will result in more extensive results when the investigation is in progress.
The over-inspector of the Ministry of Defense has started an extra, ongoing investigation into Centcom's inquiries.
Democrats from the House of Representatives' House of Representatives on Thursday published their own findings that were consistent with the conclusions of some of the republican working groups.
"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created a process that is isolated from Isis and the intelligence assessment of Iraq's security forces," Adam B. Schiff, the leading Democrat in the committee, said in a statement.
According to Schiff, this process "lengthened the release of intelligence outputs", worsened mood among analysts, and "did not give enough space to differing perspectives".
Schiff and Democrats said they did not find any evidence that the White House had tried to press Centcom's analysts to settle their conclusions in "pre-set or political narratives".
The Daily Beast reported Tuesday on the provisional results of the congressional inquiry.
Last August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon's top inspector has started an investigation after complaints from Centcom's analysts.
Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon representative, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defense did not comment on the congressional report as long as the inspector's study is under way.
But he said "experts disagree on the interpretation of complex information, and the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defense welcome a healthy dialogue on these key issues of national security."
The investigation also has other post-war consequences than just as to whether US-led bomber operations in Iraq and Syria are successful (as the growing number of defense officials are now claiming).
Last year's accusations questioned how much President Obama could count on the headquarters to deliver honest estimates of the war on Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis destinations.
The criticism of the intelligence of the Islamic state reflects the controversy over a decade when Centcom's intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote a research article saying that despite the protests by many analysts, the administration of President George W. Bush favored a small army in Iraq and used very little time to think what the 2003 attacks would be.
Hooker was also in key role in rebellion regarding intelligence in the Islamic State.
According to the authorities, last year, the Hooker group concluded that despite the backward public statements, the air strikes against the refineries controlled by the Islamic State had not significantly undermined the terrorist group's economy because it had built temporary workers to sell oil via the black stock exchange.
The Times reported in September that this discovery was not disclosed outside the headquarters.
At the time of Centcom, the commander, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after many lawmakers considered his testimony to the Senate as an over-positive estimate of war.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by General Joseph L. Votel.
The United States wins the fourth consecutive time in women's soccer, organizing a showdown with Britain
The day after making three goals as the team wins Japan's 6-1, Katie Bam made the first two goals of the US women's ground-hockey team on Thursday when the Americans won 3-0 in India.
Five goals in two games sound like an unforgettable achievement, but 27-year-old Bam said he was not sure if he had done the same.
"I have no idea," he said.
"I'm not really the kind of man who keeps track of his paintings."
But this he knows: Americans are in the 4-0 situation at the Olympic Games and they share their first place with Britain, which was still unbeaten after winning 2-0 in Japan on Thursday.
Britain and the United States meet on Saturday in the first round of the last game.
Both teams have settled in quarter-finals, and this game determines who is the first and who is the second in their six-team team.
First placed to avoid a strong Dutch, leader of the second group, slightly longer at the start of the quarterfinals.
Whatever the Saturday game ends, the Americans have been surprised by their surprising success here, four years after they were last in the London Olympics by 12 teams.
Bam was in that team.
He grew up in Pennsylvania in Blue Bell and picked up the ground hockey team for the first time at the age of 3 (his older doubles played in the Drexel) with a national team at the age of 16 when he became the youngest player ever.
He was not involved in the 2008 Olympics because he did not join the final player list.
In 2012, nothing went to him and his teammates.
The following year, Craig Parnham, England, was appointed coach, and things started to change.
"Cultural change, mental change, physical change," Bam said.
We did not have the same workload in London as we have now.
We have made a full turn.
On Thursday night, Bam started the first half of the match with a stifling close to goal.
India had entered the game with no gains in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly hard and kept the situation in the 1-0 reading until the end of the third batch when Bam took over the situation.
He drove the ball long into the left-hand side of the field, then circled in the middle and kicked the ball into the goal by taking the Americans to the 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal in the middle of the fourth batch.
This was the first US goalkeeper Jackie Briggs who had scored one goal in each of the first three victories.
She is in good spirits.
So is Bam.
"We now have a good situation," Parnham said, but its goodness depends on the outcome of the Saturday game.
Trampoline's peace in the midst of the Olympics
Wherever you are, whatever the time is, the Olympics are running.
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem to be a constant and inevitable, fierce competition and effort message.
Just like the Olympic Games itself, there would be a flaming baton that was passed from a bow to a swimmer and from a gymnast to a triathlonist.
It is impossible to put on TV, read a newspaper, or listen to a conversation in a cafe queue without hearing from Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the first-timer of the Olympic Games, and the future heartbreaker with a smile, could well be one of the names they all know, presented at the best viewing time, sponsored by sponsorships and good-bye TV ads - if he was a swimmer, gymnast or even a swordsman.
But Dooley, 28, from California's Lake Forest, is competing for an Olympic ball in the trampoline.
The Olympic team does not illuminate all species as much.
Farther from the center, in part in the shade, are the species that are not commonly accepted by: athletic shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We always have breast augmentation, long life.
But if I can make a moderate number in my special rankings, I would like to draw attention to the reduced charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline has been the Olympic race since the year 2000 when it made its debut in the Sydney Games, its presence in the past 16 years is so small that many of the interviewees did not realize at all that it was an Olympic type.
This may be regional ignorance.
Although the United States has sent athletes to compete in the race, it has never won the medal, and its athlete did not go to the final until in 2012.
The Chinese and Russians usually share the men's, Chinese and Canadian women's medals.
This year, China Dong Dong and Canada's Rosie McLenna defend their gold medal in London.
Trampoline, however, involves a certain kind of underpinnings charm, partly because it is more appropriate to the uncluttered ear than to the clown school than the Olympics.
Here I have to admit that I'm not an expert, I'm just an airplane fan.
There are opportunities for amusement, as we can see the vibration of endless bouncing of the cartoons, but it also has the turmoil of gymnastics and swimming in the pool, the two species that basically combine it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word el trampolín, which means a springboard.
The champions of the championship jumped with a giant trampoline up to nearly 30 feet high, and they have to run swirling sluts (turns, folds and volts) and finally land on their feet.
According to the official Olympic program, they are judged on the basis of implementation, difficulty and "flight time".
Rossa competes with 32 athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women.
The most common Olympic direction is straight forward.
Medalists hope to go gold when looking for more, faster, up and over - sometimes to the finish, sometimes back and forth around the pitch.
They do not just look for the goal line or the starting wall, but also, in television news coverage, another irrelevant border: a world or an Olympic record.
This purposeful pursuit is noble, admirable, and even fanatical - and can even bring the viewer to tears.
But that is also the reason why watching the competition can be a bit exhausting.
Trampoline offers a rest here.
Trampoline's direction is up.
The goal is not to move forward.
The contestant rises to a new ascent, with a weightless impact on the astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
Of course, this does not lack competition or difficulty, but during the program there is no frenzied rush towards the end, no jumps to the distance, just a dreamy, silent interruption of time and gravity.
It's as close to the zen space as you can at the Olympics.
Women's qualifying tournaments and then finals will be held on Friday afternoon at 13 (ET), men's races will be on Saturday at 13.00.
NBC will send the finals as part of the afternoon program starting at 14:00 on both days.
In the midst of the Olympics, they offer a silent, charming moment that is most likely not to be noticed in general chaos.
And if awareness is achieved only by offering male athletes to starboard and itemize (as some of the men in the United States have suggested recently, according to The Wall Street Journal), Dooley is just looking forward to a thrilling new fan.
"Generations of Generations" in Ethiopia, a long-term ally of the United States
Violent demonstrations in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political change in Ethiopia have faced violent opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say dozens of demonstrators have been shot dead in clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia Fracturing?
Over the last decade, it has been one of the most stable states in Africa, a strong ally of the West, whose economy is growing fast.
Over the past few months, however, protests against the government have shaken the earth as it spread to more and more regions.
Last week alone, thousands of people rushed into the streets demanding radical political change.
According to human rights groups, the government's response was relentless.
Eyewitnesses said the police were shooting and killing dozens of armed demonstrators.
Discontinued, video footage recorded at the demonstration, which is believed to be the end of last year or the beginning of this year, looks at how the security authorities are shooting young people at the same time as they were forced to stand by their hands against the wall.
The United Nations Supreme Human Rights Authority now requires thorough research.
"Keeping this country together was always tricky and in the future it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, Project Manager at the Horn of Africa, International Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is, after Nigeria, Africa's second most populous country, and Western countries appreciate its stability.
American military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians in the fight against terrorist attacks in the region, particularly in Somalia, and hardly any African country gets so much Western help.
Ethiopian economies have grown at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has been greatly improved, and the capital of Addis Ababa has even a new commuter train.
City streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
Although Ethiopia is not a model of democracy, human rights organizations have been talking about oppressive government, the opposition has been limited, and the dissidents have been effectively silenced.
Many have been expelled from the country, imprisoned, killed or driven far to the desert.
But this may be changing.
"If you suppress people and have no choice but to show their will, this will happen," Seyoum Teshome, a university teacher from Central Ethiopia, said.
The whole youth shows their minds.
One generation demonstrates.
Complaints are diverse and cover all the land-use dominance of the ruling coalition.
Last year, after much criticized elections, the ruling party of its allies got the last opposition to hold and now holds all seats in Parliament.
At the same time, the tensions at the border with Eritrea are growing. The struggle over this tense and controversial border demanded hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which have been more or less defeated in recent years, may try to exploit and re-arm.
Numerous factors explain why under the surface of the years underlying the bitter feelings are exploding.
The first seems seemingly harmless: smart phones.
Only in the last few years a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate through social media, as the cheaper smartphones have become more common and the Internet service has improved.
Even if the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often does, especially during protests, many people still can communicate via proxy servers on hidden hiding networks.
Many young Ethiopians said that this way they met for demonstrations.
Secondly, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia, the oroms and the amphora, will work better together.
Oroms and amphora are not natural allies.
For a very long time, the Amhara, which come from Ethiopia mainly from the Christian highlands, succeeded in politics and business by using oromas, many of which are Muslims and who live in the plains.
But this too is changing.
"We are on the way towards organizing one umbrella," Multam Gemechu, the gold leader, said.
The largest demonstrations have been in Amharic and North-Eastern regions.
Many Amorians and Orcs think that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by the Tigre people, covering about six percent of the population and dominating armed forces, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died in a secretive illness in 2012.
He was considered a tactical nerona, a man who saw around the corners.
Analysts say he was particularly competent to observe early signs of dissatisfaction and use secret ambassadors to make the opponents harmless.
"Modern governance does not have a basic base like this," Conflict analyst Abdi said.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalegn, was picked out relatively unfamiliar to fill Meles boots.
Unlike Meles, who came from the Tigre of Northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam is from the south.
Analysts say that security services controlled by tigers do not trust him.
Many fear that this can lead to increased bleeding.
For the last time, Ethiopia was in such a turmoil in 2005, when thousands were protesting about the elections, which, according to analysts, seemed to be the first to be confused and then rob them.
In the ensuing crackdown, many demonstrators died, albeit less than in recent months, and the period of restlessness passed relatively quickly.
Developers have praised Ethiopian leaders for their visionary infrastructure design, such as a new business trip, and significant advances in the fight against poverty.
But clearly this has not stopped the intensification of the contempt of the Ethiopian government.
And now it's starting to get a dangerous, ethnic form.
Last month, demonstrators in the Amhara City of Gondar attacked tiger-owned businesses, and Tigre's hatred is becoming increasingly common in social media.
Analysts say that the protests put the United States and other Western members into a clumsy position.
The American government has used Ethiopia as a base for flying flights to neighboring Somalia, although it recently said it had closed this base.
Even though Western countries clearly want to support democracy, they do not even want an unstable region's ally to collapse.
"This," Abdi said, "is a real balance."
Donald Trump explains his Obama-based Isis claim to "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to stifle the controversy of his latest campaign on Friday by claiming that he was not serious when he talked numerous times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group.
The report raised new questions about the Republican candidate's ability to communicate clearly with the American public.
It also set up his defenders who have been holding on to defend him during the turbulent period of time, the awkward position in which they have to explain remarks that he does not necessarily mean.
Following the hint at Wednesday's campaign meeting, Trump argued the same with the more intimidating interviews in Thursday, when he realized that he was really trying to say that President and Clinton created Isais.
In an early Friday morning Twitter release, Trump said, however, that he was merely sarcastic.
The publication was a full translation of the previous day, when Trump said in several interviews that he had indeed been seriously accused.
When conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump steal his remarks by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy Isis, the Republican presidential candidate has taken this into his ears.
The latest criticism will come in a situation where Trump has refocused to focus its campaign in the midst of the polls that fall into the economy.
Trump and Clinton fought talking about the economy this week in Michigan.
On Friday, Trump tried again to return to the topic.
Repatriating to Twitter again, he warned that Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes, and he said it was dull.
Trump has used sarcasm defense before.
Later in July, when he faced widespread criticism, apparently suggesting that the Russians should hack Clinton's emails, he later explained his remarks by saying, "Of course I'm sarcastic."
The approach will allow Trump to go to the political speech and then return if necessary.
"I think it's a model in which he tests certain messages that are important to his fans, he looks at how they work, and then" clarifies "in the direction or another depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who followed the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is cunning about his statements and knows that they are vague enough to be filtered through several lenses.
Instead of attenuating speeches for a large ballot audience, Trump has been more brisk in recent days as his popularity has continued to decline.
The new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey published on Friday showed that Trump was very close to Clinton in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and that the race was rigorous in Florida.
Though Trump generally tries to avoid apologizing for provocative matters, he often blames his critics for misunderstanding his words or misunderstanding his sense of humor.
As he faces ever-closer scrutiny over the last few months of the presidential campaign, Trump's jokes have forced his loyal allies into an uncomfortable position where they have to publicly support him, no matter how provocative his remarks are.
New York Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, one of Trump's most prominent supporters, saw much effort in defending the candidate in a CNN interview on Thursday.
"I believe there are real, political comments in his words," Giuliani said when asked about the truth about Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton founded an Islamic state.
It is true that before Obama Isis was an almost unknown, small organization he called an amateur, completely wrong, and that is why it happened because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most of the mainstream republicans argue that the Obama administration, where Clinton worked as Foreign Minister, allowed Isis to get worse because it failed to effectively handle the situation in the Middle East.
Before Friday's Pennsylvania meetings, Trump continued on Twitter in the attack on news media that grumbled his every word and were biased against him.
He mocked "bad, pathetic" television specialists who are trying to get him clear, saying, "They can not!"
Some Democrats mock Trump's excuse for new evidence that he is unfit for president.
The previously closed cafe goes back to Greenpointi
The Verb Cafe was a rude, cash-only place in Williamsburg, where there was no wireless network, but who offered good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, the streetside of Bedford Avenue was too expensive for him.
The business that replaced Verbi in the summer of 2014, Soap Cherie, sells cupcake shaped soaps.
The locals mourned it as the most recent loss of a middle class in the sanctifying city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter: "New York is a change, I know, but I still can not believe that the CBGB is dead and the Chelsea Hotel is over and Verb is now a soap shop."
But if New York is a change, it's also a re-invention.
The Revived Verb opened last November in Greenpointi, less than a mile from its original location.
The new Verb has wifi and can pay with credit cards, but some of the staff are still the same and there is the same subtle ambience.
Coffee is still good.
The New Verb is led by Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old cafe, who is the owner and CEO of the new site.
He started in Verb in 2001 and was there until the end.
When the client offered to finance her in a new place, she said she was excited.
Rodriguez, 36, kept many things unchanged.
Verb uses the same bagel supplier and bought a similar espresso machine.
It even used the lights of the Old Verb.
But Rodriguez said he wanted to try.
He brought new ingredients.
The menu contains bacon and egg cheeses, and capers and brown onions are available on the covers.
The bowls have brown rice.
The cafe does not serve beer anymore, but fresh juices are made there.
During nine months, Rodriguez says he has noticed a steady stream of old loyal customers.
"Williamsburg was too expensive for many former clients," he said.
One last Sunday Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Oliveira, 34, previously lived in Williamsburg and regularly visited Verb.
Even after he moved to Greenpointi, he went to the cafeteria.
He says that after the Verb's closure he gave up for coffee for a while.
"I understood that I enjoyed Verb's coffee and culture," he said.
Now he is back with coffee, though he ordered a mixed Chai drink instead of his regular ice-cream, which is one of the new additions.
Another longtime client, Tom Rosenthal, has been faithfully attending Verb since 2003.
He was there before work and always did the same order.
"Every day, three to seven, regulary than a clock, I went in and they were making spices with my bagels," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and bring new ingredients to the menu.
Today, Rosenthal is still making its usual order, but sometimes, as a result of variation, it has space for bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez says he does not bear the beauty of the soap shop that took over the old farms.
In fact, the owners of the Soap Chery offered to produce a special hippopotamus for Verb, which would use the cold coffee in the cafeteria as an ingredient.
"I think we can still grab the offer," Rodriguez said.
And Greenpoint's traditional polite people have also accepted a cafe.
One of these new customers turned the menu into Polish, and Rodriguez said that he plans to quickly set up something in order to make his new neighbors feel welcome.
The new location has other advantages.
A local grocery store wants to bottle and sell cold-extracted coffee.
It is possible that the café will expand into an adjacent building.
For many customers it is enough to get their old favorites in the new Verb.
Joseph Whitt was a loyal customer and said he was unconcerned when the place was closed.
When a new place was opened, Whitt said she felt like she had come home while walking inside and ordering coffee.
"I had wanted to smell it," he said.
Square Meal: Slow Food of the Past
In March 1933, soon after becoming president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to eat lunch in his office.
As a gingerbread, President Roosevelt liked the sophisticated Fifth Avenue food, like the foie gras, and the Maryland sausage soup.
On that day, his diet was more modest: stuffed eggs with tomato sauce, potato sauce and dessert with plum jam.
"It was a testament to culinary solidarity to people who suffer," said Jane Ziegelman.
His wife, Andrew Coe, added: "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
A couple in Brooklyn Heights are prehistoric.
Coe's latest book, Chop Suey, told about Chinese food in America, and Ziegelman told life in the Lower East Side apartment building via food in his book 97 Orchard.
Their latest collaboration, A Square Meal, released by Harper on Tuesday, is a story of American food during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
By showing some kind of culinary solidarity, they meet at the journalist's dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny, subtle lunch bar in the Flatiron area, which has been operating since the stock market crash in 1929.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered fresh cheese and olive oil, and Coe, 57, took a dose of turkey, potato salad and vegetables.
When a reporter ordered a meat slicing, the couple found it appropriate to discuss the eating of the doldrums.
"Murders were very popular," Ziegelman said.
There was peanut butter, peasants, peas.
They were made from the ingredient and from some of the cheap ingredient that continued the actual ingredient.
Imagine your cancer so much peanuts that they would make your dinner.
Coe irvisti.
"It certainly felt like a drill in the stomach," he said.
Years before the fall of American desks, especially in rural areas, it was like eating-as-a-great-as-a-treats.
Women's groups made food for male farm workers, and fresh pies were served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. The Square Meal book chronicles the ways in which the nation survived that it was suddenly no longer the land of abundance.
"At that time, food became a major, distressing topic for Americans," Coe said, explaining why she and her wife wanted to write about it.
Even so distressing was a new, inexpensive diet: Mystery foods, such as dumplings and boxes, became the main dishes, and the box was "an awesome way to use food sources," Ziegelman mentioned, because the chefs were able to hide the less attractive ingredients under the creamy sauce layer.
The fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruits.
The meat, which had been at the center of the American dairy years, became a sparingly dispensed luxury product.
Special compilations were experimented with the amount of calories and the nutrient content being more important than the taste or even the healthy sense in the kitchen.
When making the research for a recipe for recipes, Ziegelman also produced an era of fried beans filled with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition to the dinner table," Coe said.
Ziegelman explained: "It was unrealistic."
Peanut butter does not fit fried onions anyway.
This was characteristic of many household recipes.
Household specialists, such as Louise Stanley, head of the federal household office in 1923-1943, guided the country's eating habits more than ever before or after.
Publish recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines to encourage women to start as "budgets" and to respond to the challenge of converting mushrooms like mushroomed spaghetti and carrots into tasty dosages.
Square Meal is a celebration of historic tastes.
Particularly tasty are reports of government reactions to hungry people, such as President Herbert Hoover, let me have a cake attitude.
At the same time as he publicly praised his childhood as a simple, iowian country food, he would eat as a sophisticated millionaire who had come to him.
"He liked continental food, like fish with throat sauce," Coe said.
He ate in the almost gold-plated dining room wearing a puff.
He was awesome out of everything.
President Roosevelt could have done the same mistake unless his wife, Eleanor, would have encouraged her to be an example of her own stomach.
As the book tells us when Mrs Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was not interested in the tastes, the White House became a place that "offered not only the worst of Washington but also the worst-made food."
Many of the daring eating habits were rejected as soon as the land came back on its feet.
As a family there is a constant focus on calories and nutrition, Ziegelman said, and how science is applied to cooking.
The couple said that when writing a book, they gained a better understanding of Ziegelman's mother's eating habits, for example, how she could not throw food away.
"He really feared the waste of food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "He even got sick with people."
There was a violent fever attack.
After the plates were empty in Eisenberg, he and Coe raised the desserts they had made at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt had for lunch.
"It's called a plumage," Ziegelman said, adding that the common trick was to give a modest name to the modest recipes.
The dessert did not have whipped cream, just plums, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone swallowed their spoon in a reluctant, sticky, brown flask.
Surprisingly, it was not bad.
Coe one time and another.
Hearing a positive budget, he told his wife: "some chopped walnuts could help."
Gilead will be compensated for attorneys' fees in hepatitis C fight against Merck
The US District Court Judge has ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the lawyer's fees incurred by Merck & Co Inci against the litigated pharmaceutical manufacturer for hepatitis C.
In June, Gilead was released from $ 200 million in fees due to the violation of two Merck patents relating to Gilead's success drugs in Sovaldi and Harvon, which was followed by a US judge finding Merck's abuses involving false vales and other unethical practices.
In Thursday's ruling, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to be released from the compensation he incurred in challenging the case.
Merck is trying to catch Gilead, who dominates the market with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs, which can significantly improve over 90 percent of patients with this liver disease.
The lawsuit comes from the year 2013 when Gilead and Merck challenged each other for the ownership of Gilead's drug active substance on the basis of the laboratory work on sofosbuvir.
US-backed troops say they have completely dominated Manibi's controlled Isis
US-backed troops have taken over the town of northern Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Isis fighters left the city, a group spokesman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are now investigating the city after the last group hiding in the city left it.
The troops had freed more than 2,000 troop tankers detained by the fighters, Sharfan Darwish SDF's allies, the Manbij Military Council, told Reuters.
"The city is now under control, but we have begun to investigate it," he told Reuters.
Clinton earned $ 10.75 million in 2015, paying 34.2 percent of federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton published his 2015 tax return showing that the Democrats' nominee and her spouse's income for that year was $ 10.75 million and their real federal tax rate was 34.2 percent.
In 2015, Clinton donated $ 1 million to charities, mainly to the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton earned nearly $ 5.3 million in speaker fees, and the former Foreign Minister announced that he had received 3 million publishers from Simon & Schuster on his book telling his career at the Foreign Ministry.
Clinton's vice-presidential candidate, senator Tim Kaine of Virginia with her wife Anne Holton, published ten-year tax returns.
Their real federal tax rate in 2015 was 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine set a benchmark for financial transparency," Clinton's campaign assistant Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In sharp contrast to this, Donald Trump is hiding behind false lies and canceling his earlier promises to publish his tax returns.
By the way, US presidential candidates publish their tax returns, even though the law does not oblige them to do so.
New York businessman Trump's lawyer has appealed to the tax board for auditing the reason for refusing to publish tax returns.
"Your turn," Clinton's campaign advisor, Ian Sams, said on Twitter when publishing a link to a Democrat candidate for tax returns.
On Thursday, Trump's Special Envoy Michael Cohen told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits were completed.
Trump critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other Republican colleagues, have said that his refusal raises questions about his capital, his donations to charity, his business and numerous other ties, including Russia.
Clinton has taken the issue of publishing online video on Friday, featuring prominent Republicans calling on Trump to publish their taxes.
On Thursday, he raised the issue in his economic speech in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every presidential candidate of the last decades has done: he published his tax return," he told the public.
Politico has announced that Trump has not paid any or very low taxes in two in the 1990s, and the New York Times business columnist quoted numerous tax lawyers and accountants on Friday saying that the situation may still be the same.
Federal tax rates have become a problem in the presidential election.
Clinton has been backed by a billion dollar investor named Warren Buffett to make sure that over one million dollars a year deserve to pay at least 30 percent of taxes.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
At Clinton's meeting in Nebraska's Omaha last week, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate was there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said he also has a tax audit, and Trump is not "scared" by the tax collector, but by voters.
Clinton's campaign has published tax returns until 2007.
Nowadays, the actual federal tax rate for Clinton, who lives in New York, Chappaqua, was about 32 percent between 2007 and 2014 and their actual combined tax rate was about 40.5 percent.
Clinton's tax return for 2015 showed that only $ 100 of their income came from wages, unlike most Americans.
Their venture capital was a preferred index-linked investment fund, and Clinton announced $ 109,000 in dividend and interest income.
Complementary reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh, editing by Jonathan Oatis
Chili powder condoms, as well as nutrition, enhance the Tanzania's ivory protection
Nature conservationists in Tanzania use an unusual means of preventing elephants from wandering in human settlements - they throw animals with chili powder-filled condoms.
The way has proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, co-founder of Nature Conservancy, several years ago, has intensified its advertising by educating volunteers in the villages of North Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step approach to protecting homes and hundreds without injuring animals.
In the past, many used spears to protect themselves.
On Friday, there is an elephant day in the world devoted to the protection of these animals.
"Ever since we developed tools ... we have seen a change in attitude in these communities, and they are now more confident that they can keep elephants out of their fields without harming them," said Honeyguide's Executive Director Damian Bell.
The first two steps will include the invasion of an elephant with a flashlight and the horn playing.
If it does not prevent the animal, the so-called "chilly leaf" is thrown.
The condom is filled with chili powder and soil mixed with a nut, then the condom is screwed so that only the ignition wire remains visible.
When the condom is ignited, it breaks out and bursts chili powder into the air.
One inch is usually enough to send an elephant in the other direction.
The last resort is a trigger that fires a Roman candle. The fireworks produce a loud, bright blast.
RT News: Jewish film critic criticizes a Berlin hotel that removed the Israeli street number at the request of Arabs
The French, Jewish-based filmmaker unleashed a media storm after revealing that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list the area code for Israel. According to a worker, this is due to the "requests" of Arab customers.
Claude Lanzmann, a Holocaust-inspired Shoah documentary film, was frustrated at the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German FAZ publication.
During her recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find out the country code list of Israel's hotels.
However, countries are not mentioned among the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How can it be possible that in 2016 in Berlin, the new capital of Germany, Israel has been removed and wiped out?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers the opportunity to call Israel via its own telephone exchange.
When searching for an explanation, the filmmaker took the floor at the reception desk.
Lanzmann wrote that the answer he received was "shocked".
The hotel recipe said that it was a "deliberate decision of the Kempinski hotel management".
The reason behind the decision made the filmmaker even more stunned.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded the removal of the Israeli street number," says the employee, according to Lanzmann.
Israeli Ambassador Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the case "a great injustice," the Zuddeutsche Zeitung reported.
"We were horrified and shocked by the case.
It is already a great injustice in itself.
But even more disgrace is that this happened in Germany and in this hotel chain.
This does not need explanations.
We expect the hotel to make the right conclusions, "the official said.
The incident produced quite a counter reaction online when people called it a scandal.
Some argued that the Kempinski Hotel simply "gave way" to the alleged claims of Arab customers.
"Disappointing," was said in another publication, pointing out that the hotel on the stunning Kurfurstendamm street stands near the synagogue.
The hotel itself quickly denied all charges and called the incident "insincere" and "apologized" to Lanzmann, reports Der Spiegel.
"A clear command of not including Israel in the shortlist has never been made," Kempinski's representative says, according to Suddeutche Zeitung.
It adds that the area code has now been added.
The police used tear gas and rubber bats against Brazilian students
Students on Thursday met with police in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, when students gathered to protest the government's public education reform.
The police used tear gas and rubber masks against the demonstrators.
Problems began when lawmakers tried to break up the student population, which led to the police using rubber goggles and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstration to express their horror about the plans.
According to suggestions by Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, Governor of Sao Paulo, fewer than 100 public schools would be closed and 300,000 students would be re-invested to save money.
Some of the participants in the demonstration were seen writing wall murals against Temporary President Michel Temer.
This latest demonstration took place only days after the demonstrators launched as a single troop to support Dilma Rousseff, a detainee detained from office, in the country's Senate voting for his official job.
RT Business: Trade between Russia and Iran is suddenly growing at 71%
Following the abolition of sanctions, the turnover of trade between Moscow and Tehran has increased by 70.9 percent over the previous year, according to Russian Ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagarya.
After the international sanctions against Iran have come to an end, Russian companies have shown a great deal of interest in transactions in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are continuing their existing ties with Iran, while new companies are ready to enter the market.
"Of course, one of the most important goals of Iranian bilateral cooperation is to expand trade," Dzhagaryan said.
He pointed out that during the first five months of 2016, Russian-Iran sales grew by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015, totaling $ 856 million.
Especially Russian exports to Iran rose by 91.5% to a total of $ 697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $ 158 million.
"Growth in trade was achieved by delivering machinery, vehicles and weapons," the ambassador said.
In addition, Dzhagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists to Russia this year.
Last year, the Russian Foreign Office in Iran granted some 35,000 visas to Iranian citizens mainly for travel.
For the first time, Iran was among the 20 countries with the largest number of tourists in Russia.
"It is safe to say that the record number of Iranian journalists in Russia last year will break," he said.
At the same time, quite a few Russians visit Iran, and the Ambassador hopes to change.
"I can personally recommend visits to the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which have kept the memories of ancient Persian civilization in good shape," he said.
Skotti Callum Skinner plunged into the finish when the Brits grabbed the bicycle
Scotland's Callum Skinner broke his glory at the men's team press at Rio's cycling stadium last night when the British trophy defended his championship in London for 2012.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow was an anchor in the role of his skeleton Sir Chris Roy, the legend of a young man proud of when he was knocking on the finish line, winning a pre-match victory over the New Zealand team.
Britain took shock shock four years ago, while Hoy won his fifth six Olympic Games.
And they repeated the trick after being placed modestly at the sixth of March's World Championships in London, although Hoy has since decided to compete.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of Jamie Staff.
This was done just in time when Hindes appeared.
Hoy's end also created a vacuum that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was a man whom the British coaches held in Scotland with the potential that has now come to light.
Hindes, Kenny - who won the championship with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner made the Olympic record in time, but New Zealand took the lead in the first round.
And the British triumph won the duel of gold.
Hindes was close behind after his own turn, but Kenny pushed the team's lead and Skinner held it.
The strategy change was a big part of the deformation, and it involved Hindes driving in a larger gear to slow it down and allow Kenny and especially Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy followed her position as a BBC expert and drew attention to Skinner, Kenny and Hindes as they stepped onto the podium.
23-year-old Glasgow Skinner said, "The comparison is flattering."
I'm just here to do my best and to win the reputation.
We made the Olympic record in the finals and won the world champions.
It was unbelievable at one time.
There can be no better way to win.
After winning in London 2012 with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted that he had deliberately crashed the track after a bad start.
He later reposted his comment, and the British rivals have not complained.
This time there was no similar problem with the overwhelming profit.
Hindes said, "It felt as if it had been in London when there were so many British tickets on the stand."
As a team we found the link in the last three months.
We have lost so many world championships, so winning the Olympic Games is simply amazing.
One event, one gold medal for the nation, who won seven out of ten bicycles in both Beijing and London.
If this reflects the development of the last five months, we are expecting a successful five-day cycling match.
Based on Kenny's condition, it is not at all impossible to imagine him repeating Hoy's poetry, winning three Olympic gold medals at the Olympics.
It would mean that Kenny, who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23 (this is a seemingly sacred day in Britain's sport, also the birthday of Steve Redgraven, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - the total number of medals would rise to six gold and one silver.
It would be the same as Hoy.
Kenny will compete next sprint, which starts today and lasts for three days.
The 28-year-old Boltonian said, "I just enjoy this one.
Team competition is always the best.
It's won together with your friends.
Being alone is frankly lonely. "
Hindes said, "If he wins two gold coins, he should be given the value of the knight."
This was the only medal contest of the day, but Britain got more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke, and Owain Doull were timely in the fastest four-legged four-mile race.
Their time was 3: 51: 943.
The London 2012 Gold Winning World Record is 3: 51: 659.
The first round and the finals (22.42) will be held today, the second day of competition, when Wiggins is certainly the focus of attention.
He had controversy with the judges yesterday before time runs when the officers called him for length measurements.
In the corresponding women's competition, which will continue and end tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Milnöween Katie Archibald went ahead in the world record clock at 4: 13: 260.
The British team has learned to trust that its awesome crotch team will take over the middle of the Olympic Games and achieve a whole set of medals.
After presenting in Beijing and London really exceptional and complete control, expectations have been overcome before Rio's races.
There has been drama in the background, the least of which was the divorce of Shane Sutton, technical director, in April due to sexism and temptation, as well as the end of the big game such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
Based on the first night's competitions at the cycling stadium, it seems that the legendary reputation of Britain now stands at its peak at a perfect moment could once again be true.
The future of the Portland Meltdown is questionable due to the cut in electricity contracts
Portland's Victorian aluminum vantage, as well as hundreds of workers' jobs, the future is uncertain when the power company's electricity company revealed that one of the mill owners is deciding on a distribution agreement, so cutting all distribution agreements is expected.
The measure follows the decision of the Victorian Administration earlier this year that the subsidies required to maintain the plant will not be extended.
For a period of 20 years, the subsidy will expire in November.
Up to 2000 jobs can be at risk in Alcoa's Portland plant.
Up to 2000 jobs can be at risk, directly or indirectly, with the closure of the plant.
In addition, a snowball effect may be possible as the melt uses about 10 percent of Victorian total power generation.
In 2014, Alcoa closed Point Henry's meltdown, which led last year to closing down the Anglesea power plant.
Alcoan's Portland melt is losing money and is under foreclosure.
The measure is now following several years of speculation about the plant's future, which began as a result of the strong Australian dollar and has recently been due to the factory's production price.
AGL, which distributes electricity to a large aluminum smelter at Loy Yang An's power plant in Latrobe Valley, said it also expects three other owners to end their deal.
Most of the plant is owned by Alcoa and Aluminas, and the Chinese CITIC and Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL expects the Portland plant to continue its operations, which means that the digestive system will continue to supply electricity," he said.
According to AGL, the agreements are so-called "hedging agreements" which had to come into effect in November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month notice period, so they will actually end in 2017.
"That's why AGL expects contracts to produce results in fiscal year 2017," the electricity company said.
All of the potential impact on AGL for the financial year 2018 is currently limited by the strong prospects for electricity wholesale futures markets.
AGL said it was already "down to the end" to reduce the value of the contracts by $ 187 million in its books.
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the agreements "does not affect Alcoa's ability to keep the melt in operation or to secure the molten power supply".
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 and that the agreement had to come into effect in November this year but has not yet explained why it withdrew from the agreement.
Analysts have been alert to both the melting pot of Victoria in Portland and the possible closure of the Tomago plant near Newcastle, as the economic situation in the sector is poor.
Earlier this week, AGL's Executive Director Stephen Mikkelsen told analysts that Portland uses about 600 megawatts of electricity annually and Tomago about 900 megawatts.
"If both factories leave the market, this is a significant reduction in demand for the [electricity] market.
For us as an electricity generator this would not be a good thing, "he said.
Kendall, not just the reality star of the Kardashian, is in the cover of Vogue's September
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and mother manager Kris Kardashian-Jenner's clan's fourth daughter, is on the cover of the US Vogue's September issue.
Kendall, who is the branding ambassador of Estee Lauder and modeled on the fashion week in Milan, Paris and New York, announced on Thursday his Instagram account.
"Watching this deck in a room full of loving people made me cry," Kendall wrote.
The cover release was followed by a unique (or perhaps just a Kardashian style?), Screenwriting reality-video, where the whole Kardashian-Jenner clan (excluding Rob and Caitlyn's problem cases, including all the favorite drinking water, Keeping Up's producer Ryan Seacrest) forgot her sister's cover but ended up in a classic turn: they planned for surprise parties.
It is a storyline of almost every "children's birthday" series of children's televisions (Seacrest says the lines "you probably did not think we were forgetting you" with the credibility of a bunny bunny), but Kris had to get some of his little girls somehow to benefit from this publicity.
This is because we have surely moved to the new Kardashian era with the Vogue site in September.
Kendall's big sister Kim might have had Vogue's claim first (she shared her husband with Kanye West in April 2014), but the magazine's issue in September is of its own class.
Vogue's September issue is the most popular edition of the year.
Its thickness is more like a coffee report than a fashion magazine, and the number attracts a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista declined that 615 of the 832 pages last year had ad content).
The release of that album is expected so fiercely that for the last two years the images of the magazine have been leaked before the official announcement.
The older women on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelist and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there have indeed been more "celebrities acting as models" than "models that are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior's ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga's honorary place.
But if it happened that Jenner, whose journal describes his generation as a "success model," would fall into the first category, he is in pretty good company.
These celebrities are not the relatives or reality stars of famous people or young people of today who are able to make a good Snapchat video (although Jenner has all this).
They are rightly talented women who thrive in the entertainment industry.
Last year's Beimon Model Beyonce has been one of the strongest years in its career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, everyone is not happy with Jenner's success.
With his true TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world will always be tough.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model, Stephanie Seymour, criticized Jenner and his colleague, Gigi Hadid, calling them "at this moment".
This feeling came to the surface again with Jenner's Vogue cover.
But discontent in rotation is irrelevant.
Kendall Jenner is on Vogue's September issue.
He is a supermodel in the purest sense of the word.
She is a model for Marc Jacobs.
She sells Estee Lauder makeup.
He and all his sisters sell you pictures of themselves in their own applications in the back wall.
He sells pictures of the daughter of Cindy Crawford, whom he took to the LOVE magazine.
And in his spare time, possibly just to see his sister Kourtney and her children, she is a true tv star.
The Community Legal Centers annually turn 160,000 people away
The most vulnerable of more than 160,000 people will be turned away from the Community Legal Centers annually as the sector is preparing for the effects of additional financial cuts on its already over-frontier activities.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mainly older people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, those who have no opportunity to fight unfair evasion and the like - are already turned away when they seek free legal counseling and representation.
The legal services stretched out to the very limits of the Community are preparing for further cuts.
In June next year, these legal centers will lose 30 percent of their federal funding.
James Farrell, head of Queensland Community Legal Centers, said that according to the latest National Association of Community Legal Centers report thousands of people are now turned away annually.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision is not canceled, the situation will only get worse.
"The Queensland Community Legal Centers are chronically underfunded, meaning that thousands of people every year are turned away from the essential services they need," he said.
People who go from violent relationships with uncontrolled and disruptive debts, families in disgrace, unfairly dismissed employees - all these people have legal problems and this report shows they do not get the help they need.
The federal government cut funding by 30 percent in June 2017, which means that thousands of vulnerable Queensland residents are forced to navigate through complicated legal problems without any help.
We appeal to the Justice Minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately cancel these financial cuts so people can get the help they need in their legal problems.
Last year, the state government made its promise to raise legal aid funding to the national average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of the Community Legal Center and their customer communities, and the Palaszczuk Government should invest in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign was brought to justice after an employee was allegedly threatened with a threatened gun
New York: The Donald Trump campaign was called on to claim that they did not claim to have done anything after they were told that the campaign leader North Carolina had been threatened by gunfire in February when they were driving in the Jeep.
The incident was depicted in a lawsuit filed by former state-funded software trainer Vincent Bordin on Wednesday in Charlotte, Massachusetts.
Bordini said he waited for months to consider the situation internally before he realized that "it should not happen".
Chief Earl Phillip "raised the gun, put his right finger on the trigger and pushed the barrel to Vincent's knee pad," Bordini said in the application.
After confessing to local and regional campaign management, Bordini heard that at least four other people had had a similar experience with Phillip, it was said in the application.
"We do not have to be able to launch guns for injury," Bordini said in the application.
The challenge comes only two days after the Republican presidential candidate angrily told the public in North Carolina that "people of the second addendum" - usually possessing weapon owners and gunmen - could take action if his rivals Hillary Clinton were elected and elected.
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his word out of context and that he was not in favor of violence.
In the challenge of Bordeaux, the campaign is seeking compensation for careless control and Phillip for violence, assault, and emotional disturbance.
Trump representative Hope Hicks did not respond to the comment request immediately.
Companies to reach Phillip did not succeed.
WCCB, a local newsgroup in Charlotte, reports that Phillip has recently left the campaign.
His call request to his consulting firm Innovative Consulting Services was not answered immediately.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign has been controversial.
The case law of Bordini v. Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Court of Justice, Superior Court Division Country of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
The British must channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and expand from Heathrow
Heathrow brings recovery and flourishing throughout the stomach, not just to local communities and across parts of London.
To myself, this was the great charm of Heathrow, just as it was the charm of the 2012 London Games when we saw tremendous effort to ensure that all our people and our region would benefit from the races.
The Olympics brought tremendous benefits to Stratford and East End.
And we do it again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses near Heathrow.
Only 10,000 new internships and 40,000 new jobs will be created for local communities alone and will remove youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as before the 2012 London Games, some will think that the challenge of expanding Heathrow is too great.
I was told that Britain would never be ready to run and that we would be ashamed of the world.
The suspects were wrong in 2012 and they will be wrong with Heathrow.
Obstacles are always to be overcome, but Heathrow responds to every question that is presented to him.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is also an infrastructure project for many, not just a few.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs and £ 211 billion in economic growth, as well as leave the legacy and employment legacy both around the airport and around the UK.
We have a great team in Heathrow that has implemented an 11 billion pound infrastructure investment program on its time and in the budget: T5, voted for the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years, to T2, built between the two busiest runways in the world.
Now the team is ready to take the third runway, which is supported by £ 16 billion in private money.
The London Olympics in 2012 were a great success for Great Britain and I am convinced that the expansion of Heathrow is also the same.
We have time to channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and expand from Heathrow, to secure the future of our trading and to create a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the Chairman of the Heathrow Board and a former secretary of the Treasury.
Adblock Plus and Facebook for cat and mouse slings for blocking ads
For companies who receive money from online advertising, companies override ad blocking the program are "cat and mouse", said one of the companies that make such a program.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block ad blockers on their computer-based websites, Adblock Plus published a blog post that said users could update their program filters to stop advertising again on social network sites.
On Tuesday, Facebook said that the code on its website will be changed around the ads, so that ad blockers will find it harder to see which parts of the page are ads.
But now Adblock says it has been rotating a new code.
In a blog, Adblock's representative, Ben Williams, wrote that "this kind of back-and-forth battle between the open source ad blocking community and its tourists has been in progress since the ad blocking was invented" and that it is possible that Facebook will come up with its own solution soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has taken part in the battle is a powerful indication of how much misery of advertisers has come to the industry.
Worldwide, about 200 million of people use ad blockers, is reported in last year's Pagefair and Adobe research, almost four times the number that used these programs in 2013.
1.03 million active daily users use Facebook on mobile devices, and mobile advertising now covers 84 percent of Facebook advertising revenue.
However, the company is behind computer ad blockers because mobile ad blockers do not work in Facebook's mobile applications for social network or Instagram, the agent said.
Computer ads still generate enough revenue so that Facebook sees this investment worthy of investment.
Also Tuesday, Facebook said it would update its "Promotion Idea" tool to give people more power over how ads are targeted to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were worrying because they would also block some of the site's non-promotional content.
"This is not a good experience for people, and we have plans to tackle the problem," Facebook's representative said in an e-mail statement.
Ad blockers are tedious tools, so we've instead focused on building tools like Ad Preferences that give people control.
The woman missed the car on the Swiss motorway apparently because of suicide
The victim lay on the motorway in the middle of the night.
The police are looking for witnesses after a woman left on a motorway under several vehicles during Thursday's early hours in a case that apparently was suicide.
An incident took place on the A1 road near Morges in Vaud Canton just midnight on Thursday.
The woman made a "desperate act" and settled in the dark to lie down on a road where he was hit by several vehicles, the Vaud police said in a statement.
The victim, who clearly tried to kill himself, was a 49-year-old Swiss woman with several vehicles, including a truck.
He died at the venue.
Several event-related drivers have already been questioned, but not all have yet been identified, the police said, referring to them and all witnesses witnessing an incident.
Crime investigation has begun, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
"It remains to be seen whether any of the involved drivers can be prosecuted.
Was it possible to avoid collision?
It remains the prosecutor's office, "Hofstetter said.
In the last five years two similar cases indicate that drivers are not held responsible.
In both cases - both of which were people walking in the dark on a motorway - it was estimated that motorists could not wait to meet a pedestrian on a motorway in the middle of the night, the newspaper said.
Last year, the police were acquitted of charges of negligence on death after he had been hit and killed by a man lying on A! Foot near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had run out of the way, the court was told.
The court noted that the police who had responded to an emergency call drove in a justified manner and that the man on the scene was "completely exceptional and unpredictable," the judge said.
Everyone with information about a Thursday case near Morges should call the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA's Climate Model: Venus was once a resident
According to estimates by NASA's new climate model, Venus was likely to live once.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies have developed a model to explore Venus's past using tools and algorithms that are similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to find out whether Venus with hot, anhydrous surfaces and carbon-filled atmospheres could sometimes have ground-like conditions.
Scientists have previously argued that Venus's slow rotation speed is explained by its thick atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have been a thin, earthy atmosphere and could still be slow to roll.
The model also looked at the early Venus surface formation.
The planet was likely to have drier regions of the Earth, but there was once enough water and geographic variation to enable life and protect from rapid evaporation of water.
Early Venus also had an advantage of 30 percent lighter sun.
"In the simulation of the GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus reveals its daylight to the sun for nearly two months at a time," GISS researcher Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick cloud layer that acts as an umbrella to protect the surface from the sun's heat.
As a result, the average temperatures in the climate are actually a few degrees cooler than the Earth's current.
The model produced a Venusian developmental story that is similar to what planet scientists had previously assumed.
Although Venus was likely to be somewhere to live, it was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet light over several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor burned under ultraviolet light.
When its hydrogen fled, there was only a thick carbon dioxide atmosphere with its deadly greenhouse gas phenomena - Venus, which we now know.
The researchers shared the results of the new Venus climate model in Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy gives up on Avalanche's coach's pest
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday as Colorado Avalanche's Coach and Ice Hockey Vice President, saying the cause of lack of influence in the team's decision-making process.
Colorado's Executive Vice President / CEO Joe Sakic confirmed the information and mentioned that the team will start looking for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years, I have been responsible for Colorado Avalanche as Vice President and Head Coach of Ice Hockey Affairs, with enthusiasm, passion and determination," Roy said in a statement.
In the summer, I have been thinking of how I could improve this team for a long and hard time to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the coach and hockey vice president's view must be fully aligned with the organization's viewpoint.
He must also have the opportunity to influence decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are currently unsuccessful.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for this contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me today about his decision," Sakic said.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organization, and we wish him luck in the future.
Roy was nominated for the Jack Adams Award for Best Coach in the First Avalanche Season 2013-14.
He led the team to 112 points and the midfielder's victory, but Minnesota dropped out of the first round of Colorado's playoffs and the team did not finish in the last two years.
Avalanche's games in the 2015-16 season ended with 39 wins, 39 losses and 4 draws, and the team lost five points to Wild, losing the Wild Card's drop-off at the Western Conference.
Roy's goalkeeper Roy won the Hall of Fame four Stanley Cups - both in Montreal Canadiens and in Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers continue to negotiate and postpone strike
The industrial battles of North Sea oil workers are being postponed due to pay, when all the parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of negotiations, the negotiators who led said.
The strike oil field service company Wood Group has been arranged occasionally on the North Sea drilling rigs operated by the Royal Dutch Shell.
"The Wood Group and the Unite and RMT federations can confirm that we have agreed to reopen the process of resolving the current dispute," the joint statement read.
During the next few weeks, we will hold several full-day meetings starting early next week so that we can take a fresh look at the problems.
According to trade unions, their recent collective action, which they say to be the first over 25 years, was an objection to potentially up to 30% salary cuts.
This year, Wood Group cut off North Sea contractors' premiums by about 9 percent because of the negative market pressure.
The Company's remuneration deduction will result in a 10% reduction in the number of contractors in its countries for 2014.
The company said additional cuts would provide the company with the necessary room for maneuver to cope with the downturn in the market.
Shell has reduced thousands of people in their payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as the company relieves its operations as a result of its waste stream with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, and this economic situation is exacerbated by Britain's June-June decision to leave the European Union.
Scottish MEP Dave Anderson met with federal leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes in the North Sea.
He said that the North Sea is essential for the region's economy.
"We need an economy that works for many, not just a few, both in the North Sea and across the country," he said in a statement.
North Sea is expected to invest less than $ 1.4 billion in new projects in 2016, while the previous five-year average has been around $ 7 billion.
Kepler measures the speed of the stars in the star cluster of Pleiades
The latest mission of the Kepler Space Telescope has helped astronomers to gather the most complete list of speed stars in the Starlings of the Pleiades.
New information helps astronomers understand why stars in the stars are rotating at varying speeds, and how cycles are related to planetary formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters we will now learn more about the relationship between the mass of star, its age, and even the history of its solar system," Caltech's infrared processing and analysis researcher Luisa Rebull, Pasadena Center, said in a press release
The star of the Pleiades is located 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars have been born about 125 million years ago and are just about to reach adulthood.
They are now turning their top level.
At their peak speed, these ascending stars plunge into large amounts of starwars.
When these winds pass through the star magnetic fields, they stem the stars.
When the star expires, its rotation speed begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotational speed of each star by tracking the appearance of star-shaped spots, such as sunspots.
The latest list of star speeds suggests that the more massive stars rotate slower than the less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, the bigger of which make pirates slower than the smaller ones.
In the "Pleiades" ballet, "we see that slow rotors are usually more massive, while the fastest rotators are usually very light stars," Rebull said.
Since the Starlings of the Pleiades is so close, it is an ideal cosmic laboratory for evaluating star properties at rotational speeds.
"The Star Trek of Pleiades offers an anchor to rotate stars into theoretical models that include both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
We still have a lot to learn about how, why and why the stars slow down their speed and so-called hanging their 'dance shoes' nail.
Rebull and his colleagues described their latest analysis of the speed of the Pleiades in three articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
