The 28-year-old chef was found dead in shopping centre San Francisco
Recently, San Francisco changed the 28-year-old chef was found dead in a local shopping centre stairwell this week.
The victim's brother, however, said he did not know of anyone who would want to hurt him, and said: ”his case went finally very well.”
The body, which was found in the Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as a 28-year-old san francisco Frank Galiciatai, the San Francisco coroner's office said.
The San Francisco police department said that the death was determined a homicide and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC's station KGO of San Francisco, that Frank, who had previously served as line cook in Boston, had received a dream job in their san francisco Sons & Daughters restaurant, line chef six months ago.
Sons & Daughtersin representative said that they are ”horrified and shocked” by his death.
”We have a small team that works like a close-knit family, and he'll be sorely missed”, the representative said.
We send our thoughts and our condolences to frank's family and friends during this difficult period.
Louis Galicia said that Frank stay at the top of hostels, but that recently ”his case was finally well”.
”He found an apartment and was dating a girl”, Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said, I don't know anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was good-natured and he had a great heart.
His way feel the cohesion with the family was to make us food, make dinner,” Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to be involved in any kind of disputes.
He had a brother, who drifted with the flow.
”In a world where so many things are going wrong, he was a rough diamond, which will shine every day brighter,” he said.
All who have information are asked to call the San Francisco police department tip line number 415-575-4444.
Junior doctors strike: Requirements of the new industrial action
Doctors in training representatives have asked the unions to accept new labor disputes them in their dispute regarding a new agreement.
The British Medical Association-medical association's (BMA) Junior Doctors committee (JDC) ask the entire council to support the new industrial action at the beginning of September.
JDC said that the ministers have failed to seize the concerns regarding the agreement.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject the contract, which was agreed with the BMA.
58% of the vote of the members rejected it.
On Thursday evening via Twitter, published a letter to members of JDC's president Ellen McCourt said that the government had remained ”stubbornly silent” issues, which according to him led to the rejection of the agreement.
He said: ”In light of the JDC's board of directors has voted to reject entirely the proposed new contract and requires its formal re-negotiations of all of your concerns.”
In response to the government's silence JDC's board of directors has today submitted a formal request to the BMA's special council meeting, so early in September began to gradually advance the mission and expanding the industrial program below to obtain the authorization.
Controversy has followed, that the junior doctors are involved in this year, the six strike, including the first complete work stoppage on the NHS-the health care system in history.
The BMA's junior doctors director, doctor Johann Malawi, resigned after the vote was abandoned, the contract negotiations, the BMA's recommended conditions.
He told BMA members meetings prior to the 54 000 doctors in training and student vote, that the agreement was good and it should be accepted.
After the vote, health minister Jeremy Hunt said that the agreement will be assigned to the English doctors.
Russia and Turkey: external consortium?
The gesture, which ended with the crisis.
The Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday to shake hands to each other and to declare eight months of words and economic sanctions battle officially closed.
But Vladimir putin was greeted in Turkish to his colleague in the st. Petersburg palace of the gilded hall, I got a clear impression that Ankara is to this reconciliation more.
Yes, the occasion to shake hands.
But putin's smile seemed forced, and he hardly exudes the warmth, even in its own muted standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, by contrast, kept talking about ”our dear friends” the Putin - five times according to one report.
I've lost count.
He also vowed that relations with Russia would return not only pre-crisis level, but even better.
The next day the newspapers here described Erdogan was acting, like nothing bad had ever happened.
In my opinion, his zeal reflected the opposite.
But Putin radiant coolness showed that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
In fact, the crisis of reason was the first thing he mentioned in his opening speech: when Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane from the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
Putin attacked the reason for the Harsh fact that it stab Moscow in the back.
The insult was even worse, when it came to presumed friends.
Real confidence rebuilding will be difficult, maybe impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media led to mind-boggling, in-depth attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that the turks were to blame for everything.
More serious were the senior officials ' accusations that erdogan's own family has benefited from the illicit oil trade Isis control the Syrian territories.
He has denied this emphatically.
But in st. Petersburg, the official message was that it is time to move forward.
After all, this meeting is happening only because Putin got the required apology to president Erdogan.
Russia achieved some sort of victory.
The harsh armistice agreement, the benefits are clear.
Firstly, Erdogan needs all the friends it after, when he was almost ousted from power in last month's failed coup.
The continuing terrorist attacks in Turkey are also clearly shaken him.
In addition, there is a financial motive.
The Russian economic sanctions have been heavy, especially the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has decreased by almost 90%.
For russia, the local tour operators and charter flight companies will definitely be relieved when the flight will eventually continue.
They are hoping for a late season rush to the Mediterranean sea.
And already this week the state tv is predicted to cheaper fruit and vegetables after that, when imports of agricultural products from Turkey once again allowed.
”The tourists there, the tomatoes back here,” as the Vedemosti newspaper report design.
But the visit also had political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the west for what is considered to be weak in response to yritettyyn coup.
When it is added to the long endured resentment at a snail's pace the progress of EU membership negotiations, along comes Putin, who is eager to take advantage of coolness and to erode Turkey's ties with the west.
The Russian leader certainly got points in Ankara, where he called the revolution of the company after the support order to the designated authority.
Of course, this is an axiom of Moscow, which has its own deep-rooted fears for the transfer of power.
So this meeting with the royal seaside palace made it possible for Russia and Turkey presented by the ”external consortium”, as one analyst described the situation to me: two countries, who experience the west abandoned them and treated them wrong, in their.
These two are, however, large differences despite the public reconciliation.
The key issue is Syria, where Moscow has recently reconciled themselves with the peacemaker role, but in which Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
Can be a lot of talk that the nearly three-hour preliminary discussions, the presidents told the press that they had not even discussed the matter.
Turkish president avoided consciously to answer the question related to their erimielisyyksiinsä, while Putin chose as their highlights.
There is no clear understanding about where they can find common ground with Syria.
After months of open hostility, and when taken into account the possibility of a full disaster Nato-member Turkey to shoot down Russian combat aircraft, it is certainly better that the two leaders are again even on speaking terms.
Royal Bank of Scotland goes missing, the Scottish external customers
The bank's ceo, according to the RBS brand will be reduced to a back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland goes missing, the Scottish external customers.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Scotland that the RBS brand joined the bank's international ambitions.
After the bank almost collapsed eight years ago, and it must be saved, it has given up these goals.
Bank strategists have used this time for ’RBS’on-brand to help protect other consumer finance brands.
It support millions of international sports sponsorship used pounds, Six Nations rugby, Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now it is considered correct to give people more of the brands come to the fore.
Royal Bank of Scotland has enabled scottish with customers, but it is not started again from the beginning.
In england and Wales, all the RBS-a reference to the head office and stock exchange listings, except for changing the Natwestin.
Ulster Bank brand is already in use in Ireland and Northern Ireland customers.
There are other, smaller private banking brands that get more visibility: Coutts, Adam & Co., Drummond as well as Holt's Military Bank.
Mcewan by the interviewed customers and staff round of the Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: ”RBS-the brand becomes the investor in our brand and our employees to the employer, because now we are becoming much more brand of the bank.”
When the bank itself to become a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
To say, therefore, that we no longer have global goals, we have local goals.
Each of these brands means something very different in their communities, and our staff working with clients with these brand below.
RBS has already said that it will not resume the Six Nations sponsorship, and it has brought a different brand of profile sports sponsorship.
”Now is the time to move on to brand the bank in the direction, because, in essence, (we are asked) it is about how we can focus on doing this customers a better bank”, the ceo said.
Three years ago I was very cynical, if we had said that we are going to be a great bank for customers and to offer these brands.
But it work with what we have done, focused on customer needs, not our own, I believe that you can see a lot of changes.
We can bring those brands back, so I think that the time is right.
Frankie Dettori to win the Newmarketissa Predilection with and achieve 3000 to win
Dettori spray the champagne after the double victory after he has a total of 3000 to win
Jockey Frankie Dettori make sure 3000. the british victory Newmarketissa Friday.
He reached the milestone in tonight's second victory as home track while racing John gosden's coaching Predilection.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey, who achieved this milestone racing riding.
He followed Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester had nothing to do, Pat Edderyä and Willie Carson.
Triple champion jockey Dettori, who won the previous Ghayyarilla, said: ”This is special.”
I am very sentimental, because my family is here.
I am very pleased that this event Newmarketissa, because here I started 30 years ago.
This is not a big event, this is not Royal Ascot, but the usual Friday-evening and 20 000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori absorbs hurrauksia, when he's walking predilection was raised after the victory.
Two jockeys have reached this milestone of obstacle races - the champion jockey Richard Johnson and a retired 20-fold champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had a record of destructive career of more than 4,300 wins.
Lester Piggott, 9-time Derby winner, 4493 win
Frankie is one of the current era's best jockeys, and, no surprise, that he has reached this milestone, which only a few have reached before her.
He is elegant and strong, but his tactical neighborhood in distinguish him from other of the weighing room.
He's a great ambassador for the competition, his enthusiasm and charisma have drawn the fans of the couple for years.
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago Epsomissa, that he would have ridden 6,000 to the winner, if he had not just a weekend - and big-race jockey!
Seriously speaking, Frankie has ridden the victors in Britain, most of the 30 years, which is awesome to see.
He is a lively person, which is a good thing the british competition, but in addition he is an amazing jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated a milestone mark in the form using the fly-by descent from the saddle.
Fly from the end of the eloquent of the land, Frankie Dettori has been the british horse racing in the face of two decades.
This has been a roller coaster ride.
Piles of victories in big races, including his famous ’Magnificent Seven’ -victory at Ascot in 1996, but he also survived a plane accident and suffered a race ban for drugs.
Three years ago he had top difficult his return from six months of competition after the ban, but he showed significant strength of character to challenge the doubters and return to his best shape.
And he might continue long - Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue to compete at least 50 years of age.
Russia's Putin to dismiss the chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian president Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly fired chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
63-year-old has now been appointed to the environmental and transport affairs special representative.
The Kremlin statement said that Putin is ”ordered Ivanov to move away from the Russian presidential administration, the director's tasks”, but this was not given a reason.
Ivanov's deputy director since 2012, Anton Persecution, has been named as his successor.
Persecution, 44, is a former diplomat.
He was born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 2012, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations institute (MGIMO) and the Tokyo embassy.
Later he led the presidential protocol and government staff, said the Kremlin website (Russian).
When he was appointed, he said to Putin: ”Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
I think the administration's main task is to support you in your activities as head of state, what will be the law of the sketching as well as help implementation management.
Putin told a Russian tv station on Friday that Ivanov was asked to leave his position and recommended that the Persecution would be appointed in his place.
Are you a smile you convincing?
This is a business that has baffled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir putin's closest allies and, like Putin, served in the Soviet security service KGB.
As chief of staff he was one of the country's most influential men.
State television showing a meeting with president Putin, both men claimed that the chief of staff withdrew to the side at his own request.
But despite hymyilystä for the cameras, only a few people here are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So is this just some kind of power struggle traces the swell?
No one yet knows.
But the official claim that the man that I once was advertised as a potential presidential candidate, wants to suddenly lead to a Russian environmental policy, is taken against the really sceptical.
The Kremlin website quoted in his comments to Putin, Ivanov said ”it is true that early in 2012, I ask you in conversation to give four years responsibility for this very complex, I wish we could even say tedious, task.
Well, now I've been chief of staff for four years and eight months.”
Ivanov approved the mission in December 2011.
He previously served as deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian security council and former member of the state security service, the KGB, like Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was director of the state security service FSB, which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy director.
When Putin rose to power, he cited Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
Once it was thought that Ivanov could become the Russian president Putin for the second season after, for Putin third term would be unconstitutional.
This task, however, went to another of putin's close ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before his return to run for president just three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson got the boot after he hit producers
Gibson was last month involved in a physical altercation in the series filming in Los Angeles.
The series producers, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, announced he was to be sacked in connection with the opinion.
Special agent Aaron Hotchnerin starred Gibson made an apology on Thursday before her dismissal was announced.
Description of the day was creative differences and disputes.
The street that it happened,” he said in a statement.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios opinion according to the specifics of how gibson's character is removed FBI agents from the team to tell from the series, is expected later.
Previously on Dharma & Greg sitcom starred the 54-year-old has been involved with the series in its first season in 2005.
”I love the Criminal Minds series, and I've given it everything over the last twelve years,” Gibson said Friday in a statement published on.
I had hoped that I was involved until the end, but it is not now possible.
I just want to thank the writers, producers, actors and actresses, incredible our team and, above all, the best fans, which series can be.
Series the twelfth season of the beginning is planned for September 28. day.
The mystery of the fish ended up in the garden in Banff
Banff resident man has been asking for help to identify fish that have appeared in his garden.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be the wind fish, that the water vortex is left behind.
Bain, who lives 500 meters from the sea, published by Periscope film material apparition in the hope that someone could bring some clarity with a two-inch-long fish appeared.
Queensferry Crossing -crossing: the Bridge stretches now in Fife
To 1.35 billion. pounds for the project is now expected to be finished by may 2017
Engineers have combined Queensferryn crossing of the north people, as well as the viaduct, which means that the bridge extends now in Fife.
It is the first of four locks ”the lid viuhkojen” in between, which are now nearing completion of the bridge each of the three columns around.
Also a bridge near the Fifes is now 600 metres long and weighs 30 000 tons.
There is 10 000 tons of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 harusköyttä.
To 1.35 billion. pounds for the project is now expected to be ready by may 2017.
Economy minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk the land bridge.
He said: ”This is a historic and symbolic moment Queensferryn crossing construction.
We prove all the really impressive engineering in this process, which has been used for more than 30 000 tons of concrete and steel alone on this bridge stake construction.”
The bridge's massive size and weight, despite the viaduct and the bridge deck between the lock finish is a demanding operation, with extreme precise dimensions should be compatible.
Overall, almost 79 % of the bridge on the cover is now in place and cover the last leg of the concrete cover is cast on the today Rosythissa, which means that the whole lid is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, Fort Crossing the Bridge Consfrucfors project manager, said: ”the first barrier in any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
In this fantastic process in this barrier represents the structural engineering of the warheads.
When the last tiekannan contribution was installed and connected to the expanding north pole tiekanta, we need it after the close remaining to the north, i.e. the interior orientation from the, side.
This was done by pulling the north pathway viaduct 700 millimeters in the south direction.
This was a huge and at the same time a very demanding measure.
Huge, because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6000 tons and it had to pull about a 3 % slope angle.
Required, since the allowed deviations, according to which the team worked, were tiny, only a few millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, however, everything went well.
Rescue Moelfre Bay: Three men are ”lucky to be alive”
The three men are ”lucky to be alive” after they fell from a fishing boat to prevent the Angleseyn front.
Moelfre RNLI -lifeboat station made an alarm at 13.20 (BST) on Friday, after the crew saw the event evolving Moelfre Bay.
The three men are desperately trying to swim to safety when their boat continued to move forward by yourself.
”We saw the boat circling closer to the men, and we imagine the worst”, moelfre's lifeboat helmsman Vince Jones said.
”Fortunately the strong wind was blowing it away from them by the time we get moving,” he added.
A local fishing boat rescued the two men, and a third, 60-year-old man was found, exhausted, hanging from a buoy without a life preserver.
The men were taken inshore rescue boat and brought back to the lifeboat station.
Jones said: ”These three into the water the men are lucky to be alive and completely unharmed.
The boat engine was a kill cut the rope, but it was somehow detached the boat to run from person to person, when the boat crashed.
Someone to take care of these guys today.
Pokémon Go is the respect of health and happy hunting
It's fascinating to see how the world is changing.
Over the past decade, many have to worry about it, that teenagers and children no longer went out to play, but that they prefer to spend their free time in the screens looking at.
Pokémon Go get people to get up off the couch and participate in some activities.
Screen time was limited originally to a tv, then video games and now recently, smartphones.
It is so amazing to see that technology and open-air activity are not mutually exclusive.
I refer, of course, this fad called the Pokémon Go. The application, which is based on the character, which was originally developed in the 1990s for video games (the later ones born in the cartoon series, playing cards and other downstream products).
Like many pop-culture phenomenon, its popularity was to some extent diluted before this new game released in the united states, Australia and New Zealand early in July.
After the game's release in other countries will be postponed, because the huge popularity of overloaded servers.
Just a day in the Pokémon Golla was users more than Tinderillä and almost as much as Twitter.
How does it work?
In a nutshell, explained players use älypuhelimiaan while looking Pokémon, which are tracked by GPS, and that after the discovery of can be ”photographed” (phone screenshot), or ”catch”.
The generation that played the game at a younger age, have joined the craze and jumped up from the couch to join the search.
In the united states the game has led to a significant increase in ”average person's” daily step in.
Apple Watch app Cardiogram, which follows the 35 000 users, recently told the Washington Post that in two days the game is released in 30 minutes a day of moving, the number of people jumped 45% to 53% of the cardiogram to follow where clients.
The company does not know who play Pokémon Gota, it sees only the training level information.
Many public health campaigns, prompting the ”find 30”, ”get off the couch” and ”be active every day” have not yielded any result for the reason that the majority of public health warnings is boring and they care about the people who look miserable.
The importance of physical activity cannot be underestimated.
Regularly mobile have a lower risk of developing cancer or depression.
Activity helps control weight, high blood pressure and diabetes. Its advantages are too many to list here.
Pokémon Gon beauty of it is that it gets people to go out and do something, which they enjoy.
This will be covered by health three pillars: exercise, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even get hunting for new friends.
As a rule, disapprove of the joy of players looking for this things to complain about.
Yes, someone can walk into a door.
Then what?
There's been a breakthrough.
Although previously had a Fitbit-like apps that can monitor the activity, they did not give a reason for movement in the same way as this game.
The novelty wears off and the use of subsides in due course.
Pokémon's success therefore becomes, however, other games that combine applications and virtual reality in the real world of activity, helping many forests indicated that the dinosaurs people to be more active, in better shape and healthier.
Read dr. Joe's blog, please visit www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles grabbed the gold medal in women's gymnastics in many of the match
Forget the pressure.
Forget julkisuuskohu.
Simone Biles is immune to it all.
Energetic jumps.
The smooth boom.
Incredible main floor.
Brilliant everywhere.
And now, finally, the olympic champion.
19-year-old american gymnast reached many matches in the championship on Thursday, leaving himself and the rest of the world to bridge the gap between out of the olympic spotlight.
He total their points, 62.198, were clearly better, than the silver medalist and the ”Final Five” -teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
American Simone Biles balance beam women's artistic gymnastics of the many match individuals in the finals of the 2016 summer olympics in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
Biles became the fourth american woman, which is sequentially won many matches in the championship, and overall, the fifth american champion. At the same time he strengthened his reputation generation, and perhaps of all time, best.
He burst into tears when her final score was announced, and his long journey towards this moment ended.
This achievement brought her to the same category of the other generation's best athletes, like Michael Phelps, who have brought their species to a new level:
Biles has dominated their sport for the last three years, winning 15 world championship medals, including 10 gold, the programme, whose ambition and precision of the mix has been so stupendous that the 1984 olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called him the ”best by to voimistelijaksi”.
The last experience was waiting in Brazil, the competition, which was not so much the Biles and other competitors, but his and excessive expectations burden.
Return to the family home in the Texas Springs without a handful of gold medals would have been a disappointment.
American Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hug after winning gold and silver medals (in that order) women's gymnastics of the many match individuals in the finals of the 2016 summer olympics in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro on Thursday, aug.
Biles reached the first medal on Tuesday, when he served as the climax to the retired national team coordinator, Martha karolyi, the output of the party.
Although Biles claimed that he has never thought about the future while passing through the long way to the top, it is not entirely truthful.
Part of his floor exercise programme, which included his trademark somersault bypass - is adapted to the Latin american music, which is perfect for the street is the Rio olympic arena.
This is not a coincidence.
This girl, with her grandparents adopted taaperona, and by the coach, Aimee boorman's mother found, when she was on a study trip to the gym, where Boorman coached, has become a power factor.
He hasn't lost many games in the summer of 2013, and this winning streak is likely to continue as long as Biles wants.
While Mustafina had a small lead after two laps, it was only an illusion.
Balance the boom and the main floor, where Biles is the reigning world champion, were waiting.
She rose to the tip of the boom with points 15.433 and exceeded them by getting 15.933 the main floor.
Raisman hugged him good-naturedly, while they waited for a final score - a mere formality - and the tears rose Bilesiin glitter in red, white and blue limited eyes, when you dream, where he once wrote in the scrapbook, came true.
Raisman's performance was some sort of rematch of four years ago, when he was shared third place, but lost in the bronze-mustafina for the re-run.
This time the 22-year-old team leader, which the americans call ”grandma”, was clearly in the lead.
She sent air kisses to the audience parterre performance after the emotion of the return, which was of questionable.
What Bilesiin will, this 19-year-old widespread tweeting earlier this week gets a whole new meaning:
Police: Three victims of a serial murder shot in their listening to music in the car
The phoenix in the last decade of the first serial killer case in the most deadly attack killed two women and 12-year-old girl sitting in the car talking and listening to music, when they were shot. This was told on Thursday published in the police bulletin.
Authorities said that Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis ' daughter Malea-shot 12. June in the driveway parked the car.
The bulletin explains that the car on the passenger's side stood the shooter fired a hand gun up to eight times and fled after the second vehicle.
According to police, a triple kill will not appear to have been the robbery of the result, as striker didn't take handbags or another adult victim was $ 2900.
Phoenix police representative, sergeant Jonathan Howard says the shooting has caused scientists to examine whether it was in connection with four previous attack.
In total, seven people have been killed and two wounded in the four month period occurred in nine of the attack, which is done in two predominantly Latin american neighborhood.
”These events in a residential area in front of the home,” Howard said earlier this month CBS subsidiary KPHONEN.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, such as in the late 1990s, brown Nissan, in the late 1990s the black BMW and the white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The researchers have refused to reveal the evidence which led to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and are the same killer.
Ellis, 33, had injuries due to the hospital, where later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis ' daughter, Malea -, died at the scene.
Witnesses told police that they sat often in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also published in the police bulletin about the shooting, which occurred just half an hour before the triple killing, and the subject of which was empty the truck. This is believed to have been also the work of a serial killer.
Investigators found bullet casings, bullet seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
Mikrokefaliaa sick 6-year-old mother: ”the Situation easier”
Edmund Picciuto, like most of the other six years old, I love to sing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But, unlike the majority of the peers, Edmund is a little stubborn. This is the result of a genetic disorder, which his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, did not know she was pregnant.
”When he first came home, my first thought was that I can't do this.
I can't do this.
I didn't sign up for this.
Which is not true at all - of course I agreed,” he said.
Her and her husband, Vincent, was told that Edmund might never learn to identify them, and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested that her placed in a facility for treatment.
”My first reaction was that ’I didn't know people still do it’”, Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks with a walking frame.
Edmund didn't sit or crawl across until three years old, and he still won't talk.
But he reaches slowly some of the milestones.
He walks assisted, and ride a bike.
In addition, he loves to play with his two brothers as well as sing.
Elizabeth will show you how Edmund came up by the sign in the sign for ”would you sing for me”.
”We teach him sign language”, Picciuto told CBS News.
But this is no ordinary sign language - she told me that Edmund has invented some of their own sign they.
Microcephaly can be due to numerous different reasons: genetic, as in Edmund's case, or during pregnancy virus infections, such as measles or Zika virus.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect Zika-infected life.
Picciuto remember the uncertain future caused by the emotional load.
I was just asking, what's going to happen.
What's going to happen?
And he actually still do not know.
In fact, I have asked the prognosis at the time, because I don't expect that anybody would be able to kind to me really to give.
But Picciutolla is hope for the rich advice for mothers whose babies have Zika due to a birth defect.
The situation becomes easier.
Can you believe that the situation becomes easier.
You love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain and flooding caused by the rescue operations of the Mississippi in Louisiana
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana got the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday. The state was expected to more rain on Saturday.
National Weather Service -national weather service reported that numerous rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and southern Mississippi flood burst their banks and caused extensive tulvauhan due to extremely heavy rainfall.
Louisiana governor John Bel Edwards says that state authorities are in constant contact with the local authorities, and that help is on the way it need county.
The governor's security and emergency preparedness office of representative Mike Steele said that they get requests from the tide of vehicles, boats and sand bags.
Steele said that alone Tangipahoa county asked tens of thousands of sandbags.
A flood watch is valid until Saturday in most parts of the south of the great state of louisiana.
The weather service said in the statement that the area is expected to still three to five cents more rain.
In southern Alabama, a flood watch was in force on Friday, as the rain continued Mobile area.
Near Baton Rouge the flowing of the Comite river and Denham Springs flowing Amite river are located both in Louisiana, and was predicted to place the flood peak of record during the weekend.
The weatherman is Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood several houses near Baton Rouge in suburban.
He also said that the threat is lower on the river, located in Ascension county flooding, when flooding rivers fell slowly to the Lake Maurepas -lake.
Mississippi state line on the south side of Louisiana in Liverpool flowing Tickfaw river was at all time highest level on Friday morning at nine o'clock.
Rescuers are picking up increasingly people flood the water from Amiten and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford and his wife and stepson were on Friday near the glosteri to the saved among them.
62-year-old Hansford said that normally over a 400 foot distance from his house located in the Beaver Creek the water rose quickly during the night.
He said that the second, near the resident stepson to warn him.
”We woke up, and the water just continued to rise”, Hansford said.
It stretched from my waist up.
Hansfordin wife told her husband that she has not seen the stream of water so high in the 48 years that he has lived there.
Hansford said that both he and his family members all have injuries, and that he is the only swimming skills.
Hansford said that the rescue workers rescued a triplet in a large, army-style truck and took them to the gloster's fire station, which saved an overnight stay on Friday.
Krautmann said that flooding ”spread quickly wide to the” heavy rains continue, and that the authorities are planning evacuation orders.
Krautmann said that one eyewitness Livingston close to the report 13,75 inches of rain at midnight and Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the country had until Wednesday to continue the heavy rain completely saturated.
Heavy rain and street flooding led to the Tangipahoa county residents to save their homes, as well as the lesson of the withdrawal of five of the school district, authorities reported.
CBS subsidiary WWL reports that the Tangipahoa town council member said 200 homes remaining flooded.
Residents were evacuated from two of the church, but both are now flooded.
The county chairman, Robby Miller, said that authorities rescued 72 people and 7 pets who were left behind at high tide surrounded.
Amiten and the city of Hammond has opened a shelter for those who have been evacuated.
”They will be allowed to return to their homes when the water began to fall,” he said.
Tangipahoa county, located in the city of Hammond in a couple of dozen of the street was closed at high tide, and the inhabitants were allowed to pick up sandbags to try to keep the water out of their homes and movements.
”The last major flood here was in march,” said the city administration Lacy Landrum.
This is becoming a similar case.
Mississippi Harrison county emergency manager Rupert Lacy said that the steady rain will continue in the gulf of Mexico coast.
He said that on Thursday a handful of houses were told tulvineen, but so far Friday, there have been no reports of any flooding incidents.
Amiten located in the Shopper Value Foods movement leader Keith ronny penning has lived in the area for 40 years.
”I've seen water in places where I've never previously seen,” ronny penning said, ”and the rain continues.”
”Full of bullets” have been six years old Mahaja Brown out of Philadelphia shooting
Police told reporters that the six-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, which means another six years of the shootings in the city this week.
The child's grandparents told CBS Philadelphia her name Mahaja Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown received multiple gunshot wounds to, inter alia, in the groin, leg, hand and stomach, but he was conscious when he was transferred to the hospital.
”He suffered a lot, his little body was full of bullets”, the boy's grandmother Delores Melendez told the station.
I can't believe it.
In the hospital the boy's condition is recorded in the critical, and she has performed several surgeries.
Family told the station that he is expected to recover.
The boy was starting the first grade in a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four shot for the people of the German town block.
Also, three men were shot: two 29-year-old and one 32-year-old.
One 29-year-old men were reported to be in critical condition; the other two victims were in stable condition CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in a car in the front seat in one in critical condition the 29-year-old, the station reports.
The other two victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether either of the injured men was shot.
Investigators tell CBS Philadelphia that it appears that there was a cross fire of several snipers.
Attack a gun-type cores, which are coming from a variety of attack weapons, fill the place of the event.
It seems that it was definitely a constant battle.
The street was shell casings on the sidewalk on both sides.
”So it seems that there were several armed fighters, and that they were active in the fight,” Philadelphia police chief Anthony Gina told the station.
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also hits.
No arrests have been made and according to the information received, police are investigating surveillance tapes.
Another six years old girl, received a stray bullet hit in the hand on Tuesday, when he was playing in front of their homes in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
He is recovering, and police are still searching for suspects.
Why do we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
Thus, the invitation to this year's women's olympic gymnastics teams, more than one reason.
Firstly, I've been in every summer olympics since 1984, and the U.S. have never been this dominant.
And secondly: This team is involved in the three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren ”Laurie” Hernandez, who are inspired by the many colored girls.
This team's composition, which the jew Aly Raisman and catholic Madison koci to complement, gets all proud.
This team looks like, finally, to America.
It has also established dark-skinned and Latin american women's involvement in species at the top.
Over the past four years, the most successful woman gymnast has been african-american.
Last year Simone and Gabby were first and second.
This is awesome.
Last olympics Gabby Douglas surprised the olympic winners, and America cheered.
Now the world has been witness to triple world champion Simone Bilesiin, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez amazing performance, which they presented unexpected, but masterful gymnastics programs.
Thursday, Simone became the fourth american woman, which is sequentially won the individual gold in the women many match.
And teammate Aly Raisman got the silver.
We see species peak, but the situation doesn't look like this gym in different parts of the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie walk all the same path, as Aly and Madison on reaching the olympic team.
They are the ”Final Five” (the last five), because in the next olympics gymnastics team will be only four gymnasts, and this is Marta karolyi's last year as coach.
However, the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts are training as a rule, in private gymnastics clubs, run by parents, who pay for coaching, facilities, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel charges (coaches and their gymnastics friends and families) and the list goes on.
A large part of these gymnastic clubs are located in wealthy suburban neighborhoods in areas that can support species.
These clubs gymnasts get all the coach, and this is the most expensive and long-term commitment to the gymnasts ' families.
Aimee Boorman, Simone Bilesiin coach, as well as Maggie Haney, Laurie Hernandez, the coach, are both trained in sports than ever since they started gymnastics.
We will bring more affordable and available to a gymnastics coaching communities in which they live Simone, Gabby and Laurie excited by numerous young girls.
Based on the gymnastics foundation of my 20 years ago.
Organization my we have provided free and low cost gymnastics to Harlem more than 15 000 young people living in urban (mainly black and spics) and we have trained national and international champions.
In September we are expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to provide a high level of gymnastics for the young, who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this important olympic sport.
Gymnasts develop body strength, flexibility and coordination, as well as hard work, discipline and determination.
This combination provides lifelong benefits for good health as well as education and työmenestys.
This team inspired to get thousands of young girls to start gymnastics, and it's awesome.
Sports participation is so important, especially for girls.
We live in an exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby, and Madison the fact that you are showing a serious ”girl power” by winning the olympic team gold, and that you motivate so many, from different backgrounds, the young girls started on the road toward a healthy, strong and successful young women.
Doctors in training organized by new strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the controversy of the changes agreed to by the improved agreement of the British Medical Association -federation staff, but 58% of the 37 000 vote involved medical intern but rejected it.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to contract coercion, saying that the NHS was ”unknown territory”, and that even small additional delays are damaging to staff and patients.
The first intern, you will be transferred to the new agreement, which includes changes in nocturnal and weekend work practices to improve the care of the tricky hours.
Dr. Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors committee chairman, said last night in the statement: ”junior Doctors are still serious concerns related to the proposed agreement, especially the fact that it accelerates the existing labour crisis, and that it does not treat all doctors equally.”
When the time before the first group of doctors will be transferred to the new agreement is left for only eight weeks, progress must happen and time is running out.
BMA:n attempts to resolve the dispute through negotiations have faced government reluctance to participate and at times in deep silence.
Thus, despite Jeremy Hunt's pledge last month that his door is always open.
”Jeremy Hunt must act now to remove the sanctions and take into account junior doctors concerns.
If he does not do so, doctors in training are ready to continue the industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April meant nearly 13 000 routine surgery and 100 000 reception time of adjournment, when the nurses and consult with physicians were recruited to work the picket line of doctors deputy.
Ministers had hoped to end the controversy of the changes agreed to by the improved agreement of the British Medical Association -federation staff.
The BMA wants a better week end hire agreement under for the 54 000 doctors in training.
Daniel Mortimer, NHS Employers -the employer organisation, the ceo appealed to the trainee doctors, so they don't go on strike.
Mortimer said: ”Industrial action achieve very little or nothing, but they will put pressure on the already demanding situation for the teams and services, as well as cause concern, anxiety and disruption of patients care and their families.”
The last two months we have discussed the Junior Doctors Committee with the committee and, together with the ministry of health and with others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the control role (Guardian Role) and whistle-blowing (whistle blowing).
Employers were hopeful that continued positive debate on other important issues - such as development, training, flexibility, sabbatical, returning to further education, training costs, tutorials on mutual recognition, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - is a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education England, the training organisation and ministry of health are November, February and may, BMA:n with the agreements reached are respected.
Two pounds per day to pay for the drug may reduce heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients have the benefit of about two pounds in a day to pay the medicine, after authorities recommended that it is given to people longer.
Blood clotting drug, ticagrelor, drop a renewable risk of seizures in people with heart disease.
The drug is administered for 12 months after a heart attack to a stroke or another stroke risk drops.
NHS:n supervisor NICE has advised that it should give people a period of four years, in order to still decrease heart and blood vessel problems the risk.
But now NHS:n supervisor NICE has advised that it should give people a period of four years, in order to still decrease heart and blood vessel problems the risk.
About 140 000 people get every year of a heart attack in England, and a quarter of these get a second attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and stroke due to the artery wall from the accumulated fatty material that form restrictions.
If the stenosis is torn, it can cause blood clots that block blood flow to the heart causing a heart attack.
If the clot becomes loose, it can pass through the blood and cut off blood supply to the brain, causing a stroke.
Persons who have already received one scene, there is an increased risk of getting another.
Ticagrelor, which produced a british company AstraZeneca, and which is sold under the trade name Brilique, to lower this risk by making clotting less likely.
Published today, NICE's guidance is in the draft, it is recommended that people be given 90 mg ticagreloria 12 months, followed by 60 mg of aspirin with taken twice a day for the next two years.
Professor Carole Ueki, NICE's health technology evaluation centre director, said: ”Despite the effective progression of preventive care availability, up to a quarter of heart attack in people receiving receive later another heart attack or stroke, the consequences of which are often disastrous.”
Relapse fear can have a considerable negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The evidence shows that ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is an effective count to the later heart attack and stroke risk people who have already had a heart attack.
Recommend we develop a preliminary ticagreloria we are pleased to be able to increase the available treatment options for a number of thousands of them potentially useful to people.
Because ticagrelorin data on efficacy and safety - in particular, what will be the risk of bleeding over a three-year period are limited, the guidance in the draft is not recommended for treatment longer than this period of time.
Political correctness culture allows electoral fraud to flourish in the muslim areas
Tower Hamletsin former mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year due to corruption gives impetus to a government report.
Political correctness culture has led to the fact that the muslim communities of widespread vote fraud have been ignored, will be revealed today, shocking government report.
Former government minister Sir Eric Pickles berated the police, election supervisors and the city council that they have ignored the evidence of electoral fraud ”in race and religion related hypersensitivity”.
The former communities secretary, the current corruption of the response to the new emperor, said that voter intimidation on religious grounds is so severe that the police should be allowed to set the guard chains in the polling place outside of the frightened electorate to protect.
He recommends that voters should show id when voting to prove who they are.
Today, a voter need only state his name and address.
The report even proposed that the vote on the person's fingers put the indelible ink, so that no one could vote twice.
Whistleblowers should be better protected, Sir Eric said.
He insisted the press greater access to council documents and decisions, which are an informal committee or working group have done.
”This would not be the only election fraud, but it would protect local government from the wider corruption and economic fraud culture, which goes hand in hand with electoral fraud,” he said.
The government ordered a report on East London Tower Hamletsin vote scandal as a result.
Last year's special election, the court decided that the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, will remove the posts from the numerous corruption and illegal actions of the prosecution as a result.
The court said rahman's ”cynically distorted for” the muslim community of his religious feelings as well as the silence has critics with accusations of racism and islamophobia.
Rahman is said to ”lead the election campaign, on the grounds that it was faithful to the muslims ' religious duty to vote for him”.
Up to 300 votes were questionable or the result of the fact that a person vote occurs in one second.
Sir Eric said that the evidence of fraud is found throughout the country.
He presented a special concern for electoral fraud postal voting, where the highest-ranking muslim community members said they had pressured people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photo, made a number of recommendations for voting system cleaning, including the identity of the identity card.
He in his report says: ”evidence was presented that some ethnic minorities, communities vulnerable members, especially women and young people, pressured to vote for the parents want, especially in those communities with a pakistani or bangladeshi background.
”Presented concern to the fact that...state institutions were ignored such behavior of the ’politically correct’ racial and religion related hypersensitivity.”
Sir Eric submitted 50 proposals for system clean-up. These include the denial that the political activist would have to deal with the post of ballot papers, in order to ”sound collection” would end.
Reports that Theresa May will examine, also requires more stringent inspections of sign-ups, in order to prevent the electoral register use of the immigration and claims of fraud.
View your options for voter identity verification before voting.
Use indelible ink to vote a person's fingers, so that no one can vote twice.
Perform systematic nationality checks to ensure that they are eligible to vote.
Set a three year limit a request for automatic mail via the vote.
To prevent political activists from handling ready through the mail that came to the sound and the envelopes with the votes will be sent.
Let the police set a cordon of polling around.
Change the law so that it is easier to blame the people scare from the Representation of the People Act 1983-law.
Do photography polling illegal.
Requires that polling is only used English (except in Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure that the staff have to stick to the rule, according to which the voter will go into the booth alone.
Sir Eric killed the Greater London police force, saying that it is ”astonishing” that no criminal charges been raised in Tower Hamlets -after the incident.
”Election court staying Lutfur Rahman and his officials for their numerous corruption and illegal acts as a result,” he said.
Her numerous criteria on the basis of found guilty without any doubt, criminal evidence threshold.
He is also critical of ineffective ”tick box -checks” of the city council of the voting registration offices.
Sir Eric said: ”Last year in Tower Hamlets -the verdict was a wake-up call.
With the battery nallamme is a luxurious heritage house is born as, but this disturbing and secretive electoral fraud spread, as well as certain groups of facts, denial of the threat to this good reputation.”
Crazy about Kate's biker double, toon and other celebrities ilmetyt pictures Rio olympics
This week fans of the Rio 2016 olympics have gone crazy French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot’sta, which has proven to be the cambridge of duchess's impressive double.
But the 24-year-old olympian is certainly not the only this summer the gold to fight an athlete who can brag about in your famous double zero - at least on social media.
So the Rio games and all the currently screen our performers famous face in honor of the FEMAIL has compiled a list of olympic athletes who seem to clearly Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the wolf: the Us men's archery team of Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprioon since he was a child
Cycling track to find Kate's doppelganger in addition, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the star of Leonardo Dicaprio's twin.
The u.s. men's archery team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter, after the surface of his picture that he looks eerily the same as The Wolf of Wall Street star.
And, in fact, becoming aware of your social media passion, archer admitted that he is a child, since I heard you look like a Leo.
”In fact, I see a great resemblance, except, perhaps, the beard relationship,” Brady told the Huffington Post.
”He's a good-looking guy, so I guess this is a compliment.”
One of the most popular comparisons to London in 2012 will certainly present also this year: a startling resemblance to the britain of the length of the jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Alya Mustafina big, expressive with his eyes is said to be a cuban-american singer Gloria block the fan double.
And in the pool of south african swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has for years been compared to Glee star Matthew down to morrison.
Bigger gears in the eye: This user thinks that Nathan's Inception-actor ”sporty version”
Another long-term comparison has been tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh hartnett's between, which both have the same strong eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medalist swimmer Yulia efimovan have more of the same actress Annalynne Mccord, with tanned skin and blond hair, while the Us team of Nathan Adrian to remind the fans according to ”Joseph Gordon Levitt sporty version”.
Fierce women: soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter-actor Jennifer Carpenter, right, share a similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very pleased that also other people see the similarities
Theory presentation: This user according to a couple of of the similarity between may be the reason
One Twitter user recently expressed on the website happiness to the fact that ”everyone else on the Internet thought that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are, in fact, identical.”
And the Us football star and Dexter näyttelijättärellä is indeed incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons has been part of Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to the actress Laura Linney smile with, as well as the gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, whose own, a beautiful wide smile to match the Bring It on star Gabrielle Union smile.
CBC olympic commentator apologise after saying the chinese swimmer ”died like a pig”
Byron Macdonald analysis of the 14-year-old Ai yanho of the fourth instead of the women's 4x200 meters freestyle of the message infuriated on Wednesday, CBC's olympic broadcasts, the viewers.
Canadian broadcaster CBC has had to apologize after one of its report said race during a 14-year-old chinese woman swimmer ”gone like a bad smell” and ”died like a pig”.
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his microphone was off when he began to share some of their own opinions women's 4x200 meters freestyle relay in the finals.
Macdonald, who became a CBC commentator of the team to bring the ”color”, was heard to say: ”That little 14-year-old from China, screwed up, baby.
Too eager, lost like a bad smell, die like a pig.
Thank you for that.”
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanho, 14, ui messages of the second leg time of 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor Ruck, thereby giving canada the opportunity to take China to catch up.
Viewers across Canada will respond quickly to online järkytyttyään the language used and the tone.
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted: ”did CBC commentator just that china's 14-year-old swimmer ’died like a pig’???
Idiot didn't realize he was still on the air.”
China's Ai yanho spandex was filmed in the women's freestyle 4 x 200 meter relay finals, as follows: ”That little 14-year-old from China, screwed up, baby.”
Review Byron Macdonald against Twitter was thick and fast, many the challenge in him.
Twitter users did not hold themselves to hear how reckless Byron MacDonald was.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: ”Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and make us all sound like racist people. #disgusting.”
Soon after, Scott Russell, who hosts CBC's live broadcast, please go live I'm sorry Macdonald's comments, saying: ”we Regret that the comments on the swimming performance of the forced transmission.
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry that this happened.”
CBC ended up to apologize more than 90 times the people who were tweeting in response to comments.
Description of mr Scott russell, I have to apologize Macdonald.
After CBC copy and enclosing an apology more than 90 Twitter user, who had complained to Macdonald's comments.
The Tv company asked also quickly apologized and released a statement.
We deeply regret that these statements were made, and that they were sent straight.
We started last night, quickly measures and we ask live sorry to view our as well as our followers on social media.
For the sake of clarity it should be said, that Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not her as a person.
But this was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron is very sorry to say.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized live on the air and try to define the comment by saying that he didn't mean it to be interpreted as a personal attack.
”I would like to ask in this moment I'm sorry the comment I made last night for women message after,” he said CBC's olympic broadcasts.
”I was referring to swimmer's performance, I don't him as a person.”
”Needless to say, I didn't mean it disrespectful, and I'm really sorry.”
Primarkin customer outraged by a woman who brazenly agreed underwear in the middle of the trade
Customers do not know where to look, when a woman stripped down naked in the middle of the Primarkin movement in order to try out briefs.
Things are not improved by the fact that after assessing what he looked like in pants, women peel them off and put back on the shelf.
He continued circling around and finally agreed upon four pair of underwear in the shop, which was located on Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
Primarkin business Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman agreed briefs and then put them back on the shelf
At the same time in the store was a mother of two children, Jenny Davidson said that the experiment having lingerie mysterious woman ”was dressed again and walking out of the store without buying anything”.
He said: ”People do not believe their eyes.”
A woman standing in the middle of the shop floor, take a pair out of panties, took off his own socks, pants and underwear and put the adaptable foot.
”He didn't even try to find a remote place to fit in, he just stood there ashamed unseen.”
”Everyone's staring, when he again took off his underwear and obviously liked them, because putting them back on the shelf.”
He did the same with three more pairs on before I finally decided that didn't like any of what he saw, got dressed again and walked out.
”He didn't seem to care about who was watching or thinking about the people who would end up buying underwear, which she agreed to.”
33-year-old Kent city resident Davidson said: ”it Is disgusting to think that someone takes home the underwear that somebody else has been tried, but which have not been cleaned.”
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: ”I Understand that the staff obviously tried to remove clothing sale the woman left, which is pretty good.”
”It would be terrible to go home with new panties and found that another woman has worn them on and take them off, and they have not been washed.”
Primarkin representative said: ”Primark is aware of the incident, which happened Folkestonen in motion on Tuesday 9. August.
All the products have been withdrawn from sale.”
This allows you to defend against armed attacks Krav Maga using
The world is dangerous, but this Dailymail.s video can make it a little safer for you.
We talked about living in New York city for the Krav Maga Federation grand master Rhon Mizrach with figure out how to deal with gun-brandishing protestors looters at close range.
Was approached you then in front of, or behind, this video will show you how you can pay the attacker the same coin.
Mizrach, if you approached from behind, the first thing to turn to see your assailant and ”through the fire”.
After you grab the gun on the forearm and shoulder between, before you hit the attacker in the face with a free elbow.
To continue by striking the knee to the groin, and when the attacker goes to the pain of the curl, twist the gun from his hands, hit him with a gun butt to the face and back off, keeping the gun pointed at him.
If the armed person approaching from the front, the technique is similar: remove your body of the line of fire, grab the gun and turn it around so that the criminals will not be able to launch.
Put at the same time, the weight of the gun and struck the attacker in the chest, then twisting the gun from his grasp, back off and address him with a gun.
Does that sound like trouble?
Watch this video, how to Mizrachi, exactly, makes this.
But remember that if you are not a Krav Maga grandmaster, the safest way out of a robbery situation is to give up your money.
Traveler Ian Wright sucking up to Europe's nastiest places travel guide for
British tourists is set immune system and oksennusrefleksillensä a serious challenge by licking some of the dirtiest and yököttävimmistä place.
Suffolkista from the presenter and travel writer, Ian Wright, 51, licked, euro banknotes, rail Piccadilly Circus, train toilet flush button as well as the Russian public phone to prove the immune systems strength.
Before each item, lick restatement of the he used fotometriä to show themselves and us a situation, which he was getting into.
Try, with the Internal force on the trail, however, produced surprising results.
The idea of thousands of people used the train I rinse the button lick the can seem completely repulsive, but in fact the kitchen sink is more bad bacteria.
On their journey across Europe, Wright kept talking about the doctors and medical professionals intestinal bacteria fixing and his own health.
Fortunately, none of his licks he did not leave her a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became a well-known bowel sustainability of the tester on his travels around the world and eating weird and wonderful things.
This public railway station to the railing of the toilet-seat flush button reaching task, indeed, to test his immune system.
In the movie he said: ”since I was a Kid I've been pretty carefree about my health, and I have put in my mouth all kinds of things with dirt, worms, and kuraisesta the water from.”
He really established his reputation during the movie.
The only thing, which he refused, was filthy Russian public toilet.
His näytteessään was fotometrissä more than 4,000 units to read.
In comparison, only washed his hands of the reader should be less than 60.
But in one Russian public toilet he wouldn't lick it, though, when fotometrin results showed more than 4,000 units, and only washed his hands of the result is less than 60.
Wright has produced the traveler's film, the Internal strength of the track, together with the Finnish dairy, Valio. In the film, showing the number of bacteria in various places, such as in the bathroom.
In the film, he said: ”This is almost the worst thing I've smelled in the toilet.”
Nothing dirtier!
I'm not going to lick anything, because here is disgusting.
The inner strength of the track was produced together with the Finnish dairy, Valio.
The company offers the Wright Committee Gefilusta, which contains lactic acid bacteria, as well as C - and D-vitamins, which help boost human intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
The committee snacks, juice and the new category of director Niko Vuorenmaa said: ”we wanted To truly offer consumers something new.
Something that would be fascinating to look at, and which at the same time explains the probiotic benefits.
We threw in the air a lot of crazy ideas, and we ended up with the idea of ’let's call Ian’.”
They argue that the interest in intestinal health is becoming a global phenomenon.
Instead of just talk about products, we wanted to set them to the largest context: tell the everyday life of our environment of good and bad bacteria, intestinal the importance of health and its link to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and this documentary allows us an interesting way to tell more about it to consumers.
I think the documentary also shows that there is a great sense of humor!
Documentary director Tom Hakala added: ”let's Say it now though is this: if Ian had to lick some of the things that I ask him to do, as the movie displayed disgusting Russian toilets, I would have lost my respect towards him.”
Understandably part of the lick of things was easier with Ian, while the part was quite tricky.
I am glad that we got some of those dirty nuolaisuista saved.”
The committee in 2015 doing the survey, 84 percent of respondents connect to the lactic acid bacteria specifically the stomach and intestinal well-being, and 58 percent said they at least sometimes use products with added lactic acid bacteria.
Bully family destroyed the rental house Cornwall at Saltash, before the eviction
Bully family caused a rental house for 50 000 pounds damage after their evicted neighbors of a terrorist chord.
Tanya Keldon and his partner Shaun Levee has been thrown out of Cornwall at saltash in the location of the property, after they had been appealed numerous times.
When they were forcible removed from the property, shocked by the housing company staff stated the property was in poor condition.
The walls were made of gaping holes, the floor boards had been torn up, the waste had been spread on the floor and the walls were smeared with graffiti.
The family has now moved elsewhere, and they believed the resident's private accommodation.
Conna McEvoy, Cornwall Housing -the company's superintendent, said that he fears that the real estate to be able to fix.
He said: ”This has been a nightmare for residents, and people think I should have to live this way.
This is a lot of aspects under consideration, as this property likely is known as Cornwall less comfortable in the group.
This family has a bad reputation, and their name is disreputable.”
The couple had three sons, who lived between the property and the police according to the family's reign of terror in the street fight with baseball bats, nearby residents, intimidation, drug use, drug sales, as well as excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
47-year-old Skeldon, whose name was on the lease, got the decision in June of antisocial behaviour.
Many under threat of demolition a house of the rooms, guests can find the old waste.
Property, from which has previously been transmitted to drugs, the floorboards were pulled up.
Neighbors said that the family was seen fighting in the street, and that the police were called regularly.
Cornwall Housing to evict by force the women and this of the partner on the property this week after giving them the extended period of time, 11 weeks, time to change voluntarily.
Eased the neighbors thanked the eviction, saying that their lives had become hell.
One said: ”They didn't care about anyone.”
We lived next to them with 20 years, and the situation has always been bad.
We have seen the police here, incredibly many times.
”This morning we couldn't sleep.
We got up, because here was so quiet - we're not used to it!
It is wonderful, now when they are finally gone.”
Cornwall Housingin neighborhood executive director Adam Fitzpatrick said that the family did not cooperate with the local authorities.
The family has lived in the house for 20 years, and the police were called to the property often
Garbage and old toys have been thrown down to the rental house into wilderness wall.
He added: ”it Is a pity that the resident did not take any responsibility for their own and their family's behavior, because eviction is always the last Cornwall Housingin considered by the procedure.
This was a very difficult case, because the behavior was extreme, and their actions certainly terrified the neighbors.
I appreciate everything my team, Devon and Cornwall police, as well as the brave, us knowledge of community members work.
I hope that this development will bring some comfort to the neighbors and send the message that anti-social behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that the three boys all lived at the property at different times, but they were all early twenties.
Eviction after one-bedroom floor left a dirty mattress
Housing company employees now need to clean the house is surrounded by waste stacks
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70 grams of cannabis as well as scales, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon was fined after it admitted his guilt to a class b drug possession with the intent to distribute it forward.
He claimed that the money was meant for his son Lee skeldon's grave stone. This died in a car accident in 2013.
Apparently Tanya and her partner are living homeless after being now in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
For many the house the rooms the walls were tuherrettu graffiti.
Police said they will seek to evict residents who flout the lease rules.
Angela Crow Devon and Cornwall police said that the eviction was a clear warning to other tenants who keep to the rules of the fool.
”This is a message for those who think that their behavior is without consequence, as well as those who suffer from such behavior,” he said.
Devon and Cornwall police is never going to tolerate criminal and anti social use. Police continue to work with its partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were struck with terror, when the military jets flew to the beach close to its low
Sun-worshiper tourists Portugal Aveiro experience the shock of his life
The Portuguese air force P-3C Orion aircraft swept past the really low
The air force said that it was a training flight and claimed that safety is not compromised
Just at this moment terrified tourists began to panic, when the low flying jets swept the crowded beach.
Dramatic recording shows how the military aircraft came almost within touching distance of Northern Portugal, Aveiro location located in the sandy strip of sun-worshipers.
Holidaymakers stood up, when they began, understandably, worried about jet, I hear the noise, even if they do not start seen, what the clouds were coming toward them.
The incident occurred Aveiro, close to the location in Costa nova in yesterday afternoon.
One of the numerous vacationers, who publish their videos on the dramatic ohilennosta on social media, were Daniel Fernandes, who said: ”It went over twice really low, and at one point it seemed that it would be in a nosedive.”
Nuno arro director, added: ”I Was surfing and really felt like the plane was going to fall on me.”
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro were terrified when the plane appeared out of the darkness and flying incredibly low
The Portuguese air force said today that the P-3C Orion plane was a training flight, whose purpose was to identify the coast near the fishing boats, and the plane had to descend so low, because it was the only way to check the boats.
He said that the jet had flown noticeably lower than the nearby wildfires smoke caused due to poor visibility, but the air force convinced that anyone's safety was not in danger.
Wildfires are this summer destroyed parts of the Mainland Portugal, in addition to which the island of Madeira they have a dead four people.
The Portuguese air force said today that the pilot must fly low-visibility harm, for the conditions, wildfires caused by the smoke and thick fog, due to
The aircraft was a training flight, and as part of the training pilots were asked to identify a fishing boat
Social and health care district's first half results better than expected
South Karelia social and health district (social and health care district) in January - June of eur 3.4 million planned a better result.
Social and health care district's profit was eur 4.3 million surplus in the first half of the year.
The result was a particularly good family and social services, from preventive services through the development has been able to dismantle institutional care.
The care guarantee was fulfilled in all operations.
Social and health care district is seeking this year to shorten the measure of a string.
Social and health care district covers the surplus previously generated by the deficit.
Over the remaining share is used maybe the queues shorten and measures for the purchase of the patient.
The full year result is expected to be 4.6 million euros planned better.
Social and health care district board discusses the half-yearly financial report at its meeting next Wednesday.
70 special border jaeger to swear the military oath immola in
The border and coast guard school in the 70 conscripts to swear the military oath on Friday.
The border and coast guard school of the servicemen of the military swearing-in ceremony held in immola in on Friday.
The tenth special border jaeger the course of the swearing-in ceremony held in the garrison sports field.
The military oath I swear to 70 conscripts.
Special border jaegers are trained for demanding border security, intelligence and combat tasks.
They serve 347 days.
This year, special border jääkäriksi apply 310 young people.
The entrance of them was called the 250.
Special border jaegers are trained in immola in the year 2007.
The oath ceremony held at the veteran meeting was included in the five wartime the border troops veterans.
The average age is now 90 years.
Parents who attended the veterans are born in the year of 1918.
Notch robbers to the above - criminal intelligence help in solving crimes and to disclose a serious crime - ESS.en
In every Finnish 11 the police department is in the beginning of 2014 served as the RTA - i.e. the criminal intelligence and analysis unit.
Unit activity is outwardly invisible.
Häme police department the unit belonged to a total of four police officers in Lahti and Hämeenlinna.
It pulls in the Bay placed in the sergeant.
The officers and the supervisor of works inspector in the Bay.
In addition, the unit strength of the information technology errand civilian persons in Hämeenlinna.
All working in civilian clothes.
The unit has proved its utility and its necessity, considers the deputy chief Tero Seppänen.
The RTA unit to produce the rest of the police a variety of explanations.
In häme, it is, inter alia, the acquired data on asylum-seekers.
The most recent working methods reform
The unit of analysis of the establishment's most recent police working methods reform.
The aim has been to crime prevention, namely that the police would go less and less frequently roaring to the scene when the alarm.
The unit collects and analyzes the data with the help of daily police work is targeted where it is most needed.
Police reform included the establishment of one of the criminal intelligence central, its less than three national units and each police department in their criminal intelligence unit.
In vantaa, the central criminal police in the context of functional PTR-central management activities nationwide.
PTR-units working on the name, in accordance with people from the Police, Customs and Border protection service.
RTA units, in turn, work in police institutions according to the divided regions, and their task is to provide information, as well as local police and national units.
The intelligence extends to your area outside
Where a single cop is aware of what his 12-hour shift during the event, RTA-unit task is to know what the whole police institution in the territory.
Intelligence also extends to your own institution's borders, because that makes rikollisuuskin.
The RTA unit working is the basic police better computer skills.
The unit aims to registers, the alarm task database and findings help to draw the police's attention to new phenomena, prolific in criminals or each other, similar crimes.
This is called serialization, and it is one of the most important criminal intelligence tool.
All people have their own way of working.
Handprint also appears in the work, be it honest or criminal.
The act of the basis elements form a certain image.
Serializing can be done by either making the claim or the person on the basis of whichever of the police has more information.
Criminals learn from their mistakes
The RTA-unit employees do not carry on the town collars upright, but their work is not fully disclosed.
So own like criminals the use of the methods does not tell, because it could lead to the fact, that the professional criminal would develop its activities and seek to prevent the police crime prevention companies.
The methods of the police told the public, if it anticipates them to pose a threat.
Such a case was, for example, the beginning of summer news, apartment break-ins used to empty the apartment of mark, etc.
Here, the authors put the apartment door of a stick, pin or piece of tape, with which they were experimenting, whether residents actually traveling.
The preliminary investigation material is in the public domain at least to the parties.
The unit of analysis has detected that the ammattimaisimmat criminals learn from their mistakes.
Clever by order of the district court of protocol, which can, for example, show that the place is found in the fingerprints.
Next time a burglar let's go with the gloves.
For the story is interviewed deputy chief Tero Seppänen Häme police department, lieutenant Tom Lepolaa Eastern Finland police department, detective lieutenant Sami Joutjärveä to the Joensuu police station and inspector Arto Tuomelaa the central criminal police.
The police collect and analyze information, which allows the design of practical activities.
Background of the workforce and the amount of funding reduction.
The first steps towards a new approach was taken 30 years ago.
The last change was a three-step DRILL-reform, which ended the 2013 year end.
National cooperation in collecting information on your institution and the Finnish borders.
Isisiin joined the school girl from London killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three british school girls who left last year to London to join the Isisiin, is rumored to be dead in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that the girl's family belongs to this dead Syrian Raqqassa a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported Thursday that the girl was believed to be dead by Russian air strikes in Raqqaan, which is an organization base in the country.
The Sultana was a 17-year-old and, according to family, he died just when he was planning to escape the war-torn country and return to Britain.
”One can only hope that the case the only benefit is that it can work in tombstone and testament to others, that the war zone to leave associated with real risks - that it could get people to give up such a decision”, Akunjee said.
In February 2015, the Sultana and the other two itälontoolaista school girls fly to Turkey, where they went by bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanan family was told that the girl had gone to Syria to marry the Isis fighter, and that she became a widow after only a few months.
Reid said Clinton likes Garland of the supreme court as a candidate, if he is elected
Senate democratic leader Harry Reid said that he is convinced that democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton appointed judge Merrick Garland for the supreme court if elected president.
Senate republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since president Barack Obama appointed him to in march.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell said that the next president will choose the person of the late supreme court member Anton Scalian.
Reid said Thursday on a conference call that he predicted ”some degree of certainty” clinton's pick Garland.
Reid's representative later said that he had not spoken to Clinton directly about nimittäisikö his Garland, and that it was speculation.
He praised the Garland and said that the Clinton team would not want to ”rock the boat” with the new selection.
Garland is a Us appeal court chief judge District of Columbia circuit.
Reid said that Garland's name to prevent a republican you are a republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's ”minions” and ”enablers”.
He said that Trump is not suitable for the post.
Treats said that a nude calendar is a ”for women as well as men”
Treats-magazine collaborates with photographer David Bellemere with publication to the 1970s to pirelli's-inspired calendar for the year 2017.
But naked celebrities, instead they are going to find the next top model-generation 2017 NU Muses calendar.
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that her ample naked pictures contained in its leaves differs from the old-school Playboy, because ”Playboy is for men”.
I do this for women.
Apparently, he thinks that the calendar is for them.
”We must begin again to introduce the timeless and classic nudity with women as well as men, feel comfortable and inspiroitunein these naked women body images,” Shaw said in a press release, where the calendar was announced.
Women want to be part of this process, because it is beautiful art.
Models can submit photos via the web or personally in open selection events in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinyl destination: who actually purchase the discs?
A lonely, middle-aged men love vinyl.
Before rushing to fill the comments section of ärtyneillä insults, which as a writer is the name of the mark noall lonely middle-aged men, note that this argument based on real data.
Yougov's much talked about album of the new no is due to the fact that more and more in this millennium born in the inspire of physical objects is a novelty, but the average age of kaihosta.
Apparently those who have lately purchased a vinyl record, are more likely to be 45-54 years of age.
In fact, all of the less likely the discs bought the 18-24-year-olds age group.
The issue is also not just a hobby of collection, but it includes a feeling of importance: parents of vinyl buyers are a little more likely to keep feelings inside (56 % vs 53 %) and enjoy being alone (69 % vs 66 %).
But whether yougov's results accurate?
If this blog were a television news report, the camera would follow me when I walk in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest gray suit. Sign at lively before I'd stop, forming a cup in my hands and I would say something authoritative, such as: ”let's Examine the matter more closely.”
Let's examine the issue in more detail.
At the same time, when soho's charm and dirt is slowly removed - hotels, chain restaurants and shop and office supply store are now in the buildings, which previously were independent movements - a handful of stunning specialized record shops still left.
The next section for probably asking the camera to stop filming for a moment, while standing very close to a variety of men some of these stores trying to assess by observation of their age and feeling temperamenttiaan.
Glasgow Stuart, of 55, followed by the Sister Ray (the counter: two young women, three middle-aged men) Reckless Records (counter: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably early twenties), spend the afternoon in London for the meeting, and around the shops to pass a few hours.
I ask if she's a collector.
”I suppose I am,” he said.
I have about 3000 or 4000 sheet.
These plates, which are visible in the photo above (he sent a sample by e-mail, I didn't follow her home), covered his living room walls.
The reason for this huge plate and a single amount for the acquisition is partly the result of his disposable income: now she can buy the discs, which he could not afford when they were originally released, and he can re-buy them, which he sold when he was young and penniless.
”A large part of I bought the material from the late '60s and early' 70s, the discs that were released, when I was 11 or 12, the plates, the acquisition of which was probably a little too young,” he said.
He agrees that the plate of buyers are more likely to be introverts, who enjoy their own company, and adds: ”I don't smoke and I don't drink much.
This is my guilty pleasure.”
25-year-old Wez, who works for the Sisters in Ray, also believes that many of his encounters customers fit yougov's profile.
However, he has noticed a new wave of people, which the media enthusiasm is affected. People who have heard that the boards have come back into fashion and which has become the need to buy the old albums back.
My conversations on the basis of people have gotten rid of their collections, usually in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who sold their vinyylinsä to buy cds, sell now cd to buy the album back,” he said.
This may explain to a certain age vinyl heränneiden amount of reproduction.
But what about the record of the alleged feeling of importance?
Phonic to such trade takes a few seconds to realize that record stores offer a comforting community for like-minded types.
Wezi says some older clients have been injured, particularly in the middle of a payment system.
Some vinyl fans can be knocked off your feet the digital world and selected confidence of familiar album cover persistence; objects, which evoke the teenage happy days memories.
”I think that sometimes there may be a case of opening fulfillment or some kind of comfort, which the object of ownership,” Wez said.
Myself a collector, I admit that this is true, and I believe it to be true for many people.
It is an easy way to fill the thoughts.
”We're like their social worker, their!” another employee said suddenly and the disc stack.
April ICM conducted a public opinion poll revealed that almost 50% of the people who had bought vinyl in the last month, had not yet listened to it.
The survey also found that 41 % have a record player, which they never use, while 7 % of the vinyl buying on is not a record player.
This is where the news reports are likely to show serious worried navigating through the bossa nova collection of a stack.
This revival of ”the prize”-perspective is something, which also Sounds of the Universe (counter: three middle-aged men) working Jonny, 42, has been noticed.
”Someone came a little while ago in and said: ’I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead album, so we can put it on the shelf,’” he said.
This is not a high percentage, but it definitely happened.
More product, less music.
We have people who say: ”I don't have a record player.”
Not so older, but younger people, late teens, who are just excited about things.
Fopp, which today is almost a whole floor reserved for vinyl, is when I arrived a much more diverse audience.
Seven year old couples, tourists taking photos, a teenage girl and a middle-aged woman.
Although the atmosphere is less casual than the previously mentioned establishments - the speakers resounding the Wild beast's latest synth - and sex-fueled pop, and improvisational jazz - it's great to see a variety of clients.
None of them seem particularly lonely, but the gnawing psychological trauma is difficult to prove by standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been walking around in fopp for a few minutes looking at the sale of the various discs.
She is doing window shopping, not spending a lot of money.
He told me, you don't make much money, so the disk collection is not really an option.
”It is expensive.
It is easy to listen to music either on my computer or something else through, but the vinyl beauty is...” he sighs lovingly.
”I don't know how to explain - it's really unique.”
The last stop in my place to say vexed new vinyl lovers generation: Urban Outfitters.
At the same time, when you try, it seems that the study of denim shorts, the observation of teenage girls ' groups, which accumulate for a while Polaroid cameras around, before father and daughter reflect on Crosleyn turntable to buy.
On the left is a staircase, which wall is Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac album covered: a mix of contemporary music and classics, which any average collection of essential disks.
No one look at them - perhaps because they are just decorations, and some are so high that they touched would be impossible.
This is purely ”art vinyl”.
But when you take into account that these objects receive little attention can mean more money for the industry and send a few customers in the Soho depths of the get more, this is not much to complain about.
Not come as a surprise, that it population, which is more likely more time and money, it is also, which uses the most luxury objects, such as vinyl.
But although these findings suggest that yougov's results are accurate, at least in the Soho record store, they do not rule out that female collectors and vinyl lovers in large quantities, which exists in the real world, record stores and online forums.
These people most likely work hard in school or in the office.
They don't really spend a Thursday morning I sit there by around Berwick street's record store, browse the discs and avoiding the creepy 30-year-old television host, looking for this peek at the unsuspecting middle-aged men over the shoulders.
Holkeri is longer than the life of a vertebrate animal - a video report
Scientists say that holkerilla have a longer life expectancy than any other planet selkärankaista sella.
Sharks studied Julius Nielsen said, that record is a female, whose age is believed to be a 272 and 512 in between and that is five meters long.
French court rejects application to terminate the transaction Junglen refugee camp
A French court has rejected the Calais authorities the application to demolish dozens of temporary shops and restaurants Junglen camp, where the lives of thousands of refugees.
In court proceedings this week, the Calais authorities to justify that the state should be able to extract overall, 72 temporary stores, where people inside the camp selling goods cigarettes, energy drinks, offer hair cutting or selling tea for 50 cents (40 pence), or sell simple food with a few euros of the temporary restaurants.
Calais prefect, the agency justified, that the place must be dismantled as they represent the taxes unpaid, the parallel economy, and because they are fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups have told the court that the shops and restaurants are the vital words, that the state-supported organizations and other groups provide free meals do not provide enough food to the camp for a growing number of people.
They argue that the temporary trade and restaurants often provide shelter and free meals to those in need.
The court in Lille ruled that 72 temporary stores to run the people's wedding ämisellä there are no legal grounds, but said that Calais, the prefect of concern ”was completely understandable”.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that a grocery store, cafe and restaurant had a much larger role than just ”extremely precarious conditions of living” feeding people.
He said that the space offered a peaceful meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One under threat of demolition of the place was the camp of the Jungle Book Kids’ Cafe, which is a non-profit making and which provides 200 meals daily, English and French lessons, as well as asylum advice camp for hundreds of vulnerable, lonely minors.
More than 170 000 people have signed the petition, which is to protect children's cafe.
Guardian sent the letter said that the cafe's closure ”would be a disaster for these children, some of which is only eight years old”.
Two charitable organizations, Help Refugees and L'auberge des Migrants, estimated Friday that the number of people Junglen in the camp has risen to 9,000 people - top-read - after of arrivals increase during the summer sharply.
Food prices fell in Finland clearly faster than the EU average
Food is cheaper in Finland sharply consumers delight and a producers chagrin.
Food prices have fallen in Finland almost five percent in three years, while the average in the EU countries its price fell 0.9%.
At the same time, in Germany and in Sweden food has become one percent more expensive.
During the last three years food prices have fallen in Finland, the second most in those EU countries that have similar wages as in Finland.
Analogue only in the Uk food prices have fallen faster than in Finland.
These data derive from Statistics finland's development manager Ilkka Lehtinen wrote, which was published in Data & Trends-blog.
A pamphlet comparing the real prices, i.e. prices that are proportionate to the consumer price overall development.
The latest information is in this year June.
2010-in the early seventies food prices rose sharply.
In 2013, prices climbed close to the 1994 price level.
The situation was alarming.
"We were close to losing its price advantage, which the EU membership will come," Lehtinen said.
Then followed a turn, after which food has become cheaper year by year.
Now the price to press Russia imposed the food import bans, which have stemmed the food exports from finland to Russia.
Therefore, milk and meat products supply in the Finnish market has increased and agricultural producer prices have fallen.
"Putin's policy has helped the Finnish consumers in the short term", Lehtinen says.
Also industry and trade, intensified price competition has affected the price decline.
Large retail chains S-group and Kesko are both lowered their prices.
The consumer price competition has been evident in the prestige of the advertising campaign.
Finland is not still not still not a low-cost food to the hotel, although food prices have declined in abundance.
In 2015 the food in Finland was the fourth most expensive in the EU countries, which was similar wages as in Finland.
According to the flyer, Finland sold in food prices significantly affect the value added tax.
He found that if the comparator countries had the same vat percent, would be sold in finland, the pay gap similar countries third, the cheapest food.
A pamphlet comparing Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Austria, France, Italy, Britain, Germany and the Netherlands.
If the vat % would be the baseline countries of the seven, only the germans and the Dutch would sell more affordable food than the finns.
"If we want to get to the old EU countries to the level of food prices, keeping the value added tax halved to the EU average, and continued price competition", a Pamphlet to write.
Lehtinen pointed out that he made calculations of the value added tax rate are indicative.
The school will not be quite the same again
School return may note that the school has during the summer been a change.
The school has drawn up a new curriculum, which is taken at the beginning of term use in all elementary schools.
It is the instruction, according to which all Finnish schools.
Schools themselves decide on the details, but the plan told the official objectives.
New guidance has been manufactured for several years, and they differ from the old guidelines in many ways.
Inter alia, the penmanship teacher planning will be abandoned, and instead, schools will begin to practice coding.
The Swedish education begins later than in the sixth grade, and social studies will be reading already four.
The biggest change, however, concerns the pupils ' role.
Before it was thought that the teacher teach the students, but now everyone will be active and learn from one another.
This way to school trying to make more interesting.
The world's long-lived vertebrate find - jäähai can live up to 400 years
Jäähai even known grönlanninhai (Somniosus microcephalus) reach maturity only 150 years old.
It can live after another 250 years, reports a new study.
Figures make species distinct long-lived by the spine.
In the animal kingdom it skip only the icelandic clam, of which the oldest known individual is a timed 507-year-old.
Grönlanninhai for swimming along the North-east Atlantic.
Their possession also has another record: they are the arctic region of larger fish.
Females are stretched male longer, they can grow up to over five meters long.
As the growth pace is slow, during the follow-according just about a centimeter a year, the adult individuals are forced to live for a long time.
But for how long?
Julius Nielsen, university of Copenhagen and his colleagues to find out.
He defined adult jäähai the ages of 28 females, who were caught fishing gears.
Fish age was revealed, because the lens of radio carbon dating.
Studied sharks average life proved to be at least 272 years.
A sample of the two largest fish, 493 and 502-foot amazons eväkkäät, were revealed about 335 and 392 years of age.
Because previous studies have reported that jäähainaaraat reach sexual maturity until more than nelimetri therefore, the researchers calculate that they are at the stage for about 150 years.
A study published in Science.
From stockmann fired almost 300:property - sellers is not reduced
Nearly 300 employees terminated department store company Stockmann.
Joint operating companies into trouble with the newly in the company ended in early August.
"The negotiations have resulted in reduction of approximately 300 jobs, most of which will be implemented through redundancies", Stockmann told reporters in a statement.
According to same-store sales number is not reduced, so that customer service does not suffer.
In addition, approximately 80 outreach worker is offered a new job as a salesman.
Stockmann's co-operation negotiations concerning the approximately 3 000 employees.
Their start in the reduction need was estimated to be about 380 employees.
People reduction aim at about 20 million euros of annual cost savings, which are to be accomplished during the next year.
Stockmann has already started an efficiency program, which aims to achieve eur 50 million savings this year.
In the background are the Stockmann difficulties to get the goods house trade profitable.
Although the group's adjusted operating results improved in the second quarter to 11.1 million, department stores still makes a loss.
Stockmann, vt. ceo Lauri Veijalaisen according to the sales in supermarkets is not able to reach the company objectives.
"Personnel reductions are, unfortunately, essential, so we ensure Stockmann retail's positive operating profit in 2018", Veijalainen stated in the data sheet.
The second quarter earnings improvement was especially the clothing chain Lindex good success.
The chain reached all-time best second-quarter sales and results.
Lindex operating profit increased by eur 9.5 million to eur 28.1 million.
The corresponding period last year the entire Stockmann group's operating profit was 4.1 million loss.
Stockmann estimates that the group of this year's revenue declined last year.
Adjusted operating profit is expected to be slightly positive this year.
Friday is the rainiest of the north - the temperature less than 20 degrees in the whole country
Finland the northern part of the low pressure center to keep the weather on a rainy Friday, told the HS meteorologist Ilona Láng.
Also in the central region comes from rain showers, but further south there is a light rain.
Temperature is no longer summer, for the whole country the mercury will remain below 20 degrees.
The northern rainy areas will stay 10-15 degrees.
Kenya's athletics team shaken by doping scandal - the coach's rapture to the strange explanation
Kenyan athletics coach John Anzrah was sent to the Rio olympic games from the home after it turned out that Anzrah occur in team sports as a doping test.
News agency AP reported that the athlete, which Anzrah undertaking occur, is 800 metres star Ferguson Rotich.
Kenya's national team director Stephen Arap Soi told that Anzrahin identity was revealed after he was given a surprise test sample Rotichin.
Doping officers visited the informant in Anzrahin authorities.
Soin, according to Anzrah sent home, because he "made a crime in kenya's national team".
He appeared as an athlete, give a urine sample and even signed the document.
We cannot accept such behavior", the Kenyan olympic committee chairman Kip Means, in turn, thundered the news agency Reuters.
The olympic games athletics starts on Friday, and Rotichin is scheduled to run immediately at that time.
Yet it is not known whether the runner known consequences of the incident.
Rotich ranked last in the world cup in the fourth and is in advance of the Rio the winner of favorites.
Reuters the Kenyan athletics team that was inside the source, in turn, claimed that Anzrah pass the athlete's accreditation card just to get free meals kisakylä.
When anti-doping officials met him, they assumed he was an athlete and he was taken to the test.
The coach did not explain the situation to officers, because he was afraid of being caught," a source told.
Where is everybody?
Rio athletics stadium ring exceedingly hollow
Where is everyone?
At least not the Rio olympic stadium athletics track.
Rio was started Friday, the struggling athletics medals, but the world's top individuals were allowed to showcase their skills confusing to an empty audience.
Rio is organized by told me on Friday that only 58% of the first day of aamukisa of tickets and 65 percent in the race for the tickets has been sold.
The second was four years ago in London, where the stadium flexing cheered until people.
The finale of the tickets are Riossakin already sold out.
The rio olympic games katsojakato has attracted attention even before athletics.
For example, rugby, paddling and riding in the stands has been reflected in the thousands of empty seats.
When Brazil's medal hopes Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca played beach volleyball at the legendary Copacabana, was in the stands only 70% full.
Brazilian duo after the Dutch played against Russia, and 12 000 people in the stands were filled with only about 30%.
Bad yardage to explain at least the fact that financial difficulties in a struggling Brazil is far from the european and asian races of tourists, and many of the olympic sports are strange to football get used fashioned brazilians.
Though even the Brazilian football team's first match couldn't pull the foot ball stadium full.
The organizers of the spokesman Mario Andrada told reporters the weekend, the ticket was sold at the time of 82%, which is clearly a smaller number than four years ago.
"There are still 1.1 million end of sale", Andrada said to Reuters.
London olympic games 8.5 million ticket was sold 8.2 million, although the box publishing for almost half of the more than Rio.
In rio ticket prices are ranged from about nine million in the opening ceremony of the more than one thousand euros.
More than half of the ticket paid less than 16 euros.
London olympics volunteers and army personnel were allowed to sit on an empty place, but in Rio this is still not allowed because the organizers need the money and are trying to get the tickets sold until the last moment.
Rio organizers have however given 240 000 tickets to school children in the country for less known species, such as golf and rugby.
The rio stadium was enough in the morning empty seats.
Even beach volleyball Copacabana in the sand is not interested in the audience.
Jukka keskisalo competed in London 2012.
The crowd in the gallery was enough.
A new way to protect nature - get rights to the land
The Helsinki Foundation participates in the nature protection, new means.
Last year set up a foundation for the acquisition of ecologically significant natural areas.
After the private, companies and the community you can redeem your money holder of rights to the land.
The foundation has acquired the first land in their area of Lapland.
The land area is divided into virtual blocks, which are willing to acquire the holder rights for a fee.
The holder 187 to the square of the size of the blocks to its right of veto, which in practice means that each of the holder of the required approval, if land uses are to be changed.
The holder of rights may purchase will also more block.
Management rights the purchase of something tangible, which can leave a legacy or give as a gift.
No need to go to carry banners or to chain herself somewhere on the stick in order to protect nature", the management rights of the company acquired Juha spread the fabric reasons.
Management rights acquired get lohkostaan accurate location information, which allows, for example, a visit to the area.
The foundation's website stands tall the holder of the rights to acquire the name information in the same map, with the land area of the block data can be found.
Spread the fabric sees the natural protection of the acquired risk is that the activities of the foundation will change its original idea.
The Helsinki Foundation has established a charitable foundation, whose purpose is to promote environmental and nature protection.
There is a risk that the foundation would work somehow unethical or commercially, but it should not be possible.
Helsinki Foundation Holders-process the basic idea is to natural areas of protection so that they may be untouched and in peace.
The foundation acquired the land either by purchase or donation.
It finances its activities mainly to the holder of the rights sales, but the foundation has received initial capital on the evening.
The purpose of the foundation is to acquire additional conservation lands.
It also aims at Finland's borders and planning to maahankintaa Australia.
The Helsinki Foundation present their activities pop up in the woods at Helsinki market square on the 13.-19. August.
Bike thieves are tormented by the great cities of the evil of Turku - see home on your situation
Bicycle thieves tormented by Finland's largest cities the worst of Turku.
There has this year stolen number of inhabitants in proportion to more bikes than the nine other largest cities.
Helsingin sanomat, explained the police reported bike thefts on the basis of any degree in the ten largest cities is in this year January-August, stolen bicycles and their parts thousand per capita.
Turku in addition to the tip of the rose Helsinki, Oulu and Lahti.
They happened the police according to the information of four to five bike thefts per thousand inhabitants.
Instead, Espoo and Kouvola police was informed only about two bike thefts per thousand inhabitants.
After all, it's a big difference.
"Others in the cities the number of inhabitants in proportion to double the number of thefts compared to the other", characterizes the police the government police inspector Tom Sleigh.
Turku police wonder why the city has a comparison of the top spot.
It is extremely difficult to say, why Turku is stolen more bikes than the rest.
I don't have an answer for that.
"The theft frequency can affect it, how much of the city in moving the wheels and how much on the wheel at all", says sergeant Teemu Äikäs.
Police government Tommi Reen considered quite expected, Turku, Helsinki and Oulu will rise in comparison to the tip.
Bicycle theft the number went largely according to what you are studying and cycling in the city.
Turku is close to downtown, short distances and a lot of bike on offer to the thieves.
"For example, Espoo has, in turn, different kind of city, where the city centers are far apart and the bike is not necessarily the primary movement tool", Reen said.
In Finland the police is in January-August become a little less bike theft than last year the corresponding period.
The great joy is not a still subject.
Last year, the downward trend in spite of the police becomes a little bit more than 20 000 bike thefts every year.
That means 50-60 bike every day and only in Helsinki for about 4 000 bikes a year.
"Those are big number," Sleigh said.
In reality, the thieves are taking more of a wheel, because only a part of the victims report the theft to the police.
Reen urged the people to make police report bike theft, even though fewer than one in ten police reported the incident to find out.
A typical cleared bike theft is the kind where the police get the information of the theft immediately, and the thief caught red-handed.
"Cases also other investigations in connection with, for example, when a drug deal in the apartment to find the stolen bike," Reen says.
Helsinki bike thieves get caught on a weekly basis in the act or the police investigation in the context, says a senior officer Timo alder hill.
According to him, the bike is stolen, for example, shopping centres, bike rack, courtyard, storage and bike in the basement, i.e. practically everywhere where they are normally stored.
Individual bike models most stolen in previous years, a Huffy.
U-locks give the bike better protection than many other types of locks.
Some thieves will take the wheel for example, the short-term for their own use, but a large part of the stolen bikes end up for sale for example, the internet.
They remain in the domestic market.
"At least the police has not been informed that the stolen bike would go very little abroad," Reen said.
Stolen bike buyers are police, according to the ordinary finns.
Part of the buy a probably stolen bike unknowingly.
Part of it may be the fact doubts.
Used bike buyer should be careful, because he may be guilty of concealment or misconduct.
"Alarm bells should be ringing, if in good condition the bike is sold out below cost", Reen said.
Specialist library clerk Severi Deer bear colorful o its always working for Cliff-the library of Helsinki.
The bike he's had five pieces, but none have stolen, Moose told me. "There's never been exported, has so far been a good monk."
"Perhaps this is not so much unattractive to thieves, this is not necessarily the hipster value of a", a helsinki Stag to consider.
Helsinki located in the kiosk in urgent shopped Siiri Valve locked my bicycle to a small u-lock.
Now the bike sat a little kiosk against the wall, but usually the Valve will lock the bike to something immovable, like a bike rack.
"Will think about things a lot, because this bike is the most expensive thing I owned", helsinki student said on the white bike, whose frame alone costs around five hundred euros.
"The whole time I heard from a friend that the bike is stolen."
"Mostly bad bike, the kind of rattletrap-a Huffy".
Valveelta itself was stolen from the bike house the company's courtyard a year ago.
Bike though had been left unlocked, so the Valve can expect it to usurp.
Under the 15-year-olds responsible for the crimes committed?
Helsinki is experimenting in the united states familiar with the peer jury crews
In helsinki, try the so-called peer jury the keyboard to prevent young people from crime a tailspin.
Initially, try to apply under the 15-year-old, who now remain without criminal responsibility.
The peer jury is missing the first youth to do the crime.
The idea is that the peer jury will discuss the incident with the offender and the amount of sanctions.
A week later the offender can actually join a peer jury to the crew to make amends.
Other consequences may be, for example, the family a written letter explaining what's done and what's been learned.
Youth action director Tommi time of tell, that the model is not strict.
We have other mediation models, which are used in parallel.
"In all controlled youth activities more responsible in the direction of so that everything is not going to be ruined the first error", the time of tell.
The peer jury crew is taken from the model in the united states, where it is widely used.
The idea is that young is not the first crime after being subjected to the adult the front of the panel but reflect on what happened about the same age.
The model has been tried on once.
Try to follow the service design office Palm service design for all and Sundry Lovio told me that this was assault, which was carried out successfully.
Especially under the 15 years of the first crime may not have before been addressed.
"It's been the message that to continue in your chosen path", Lovio said.
Peer jury is a part of the immigrant youth in Helsinki-project, which in the background are the city of Helsinki and We foundation.
Lovio stress that the new practice offered to all in need, not just immigrant youth.
More than 70 republicans seem to run wants the party to stop Trump campaign financing
More than 70 influential republican says signed a letter asking the party to stop Donald Trump's presidential election campaign financing.
Letter news the us slipped Politico, who had received it to see the draft.
According to the newspaper the open letter is directed to the republican national committee chairman, reinc is Priebus.
The signatories want the party money controlled by Trump's campaign rather than the congressional elections.
"We believe that Donald Trump caused by disagreements, as well as his recklessness, incompetence and record unpopularity in threatening to bring in these elections, democrats sound of an avalanche", the letter says Politicon.
Only of all possible resources in the direction of the immediately after the congress elections can prevent the republicans from drowning Trump-decorative anchor around his neck.
According to the letter of decision should not be difficult, because Trump's chances of winning the presidential election are diminishing by the day.
Politico writes that the letter is supposed to send next week.
Signatories include politicians, Gordon Humphrey, Chris Shay, Tom Coleman and Vin Weber.
One letter to the organization of the persons who is visibly Trump against republican Andrew Weinstein.
Politicon, according to Weinstein, has said, that the letter comes "from people who want the party to protect more in congress" and that it is not anyone's support.
The letter lists a number of Donald Trump's actions, which is believed to insult the millions of voters.
In addition, he is said to have shown dangerous authoritarian tendencies.
Earlier this week, 50 national security has worked the clerk announced, in an open letter that they don't support Donald Trump for president.
Clinton promises relief from the U.S. for families with children
United states democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told the economic policy their details from Thursday night.
I'm running for president, so the Us economy would go for all of very.
"Donald Trump is running for president, so the economy would go to her and her friends in terms of well," Clinton said in a speech.
Clinton's plan begins with a massive, 275-billion dollar five-year program of U.s. infrastructure - roads, bridges and airports - to improve.
This funding would be part of the rich tax increases, the private money allows.
The building program is reaching out to american workers who suffer from the factories go to join halpatyö countries.
Clinton called the program the largest investment in good-paying jobs after the second world war.
We are the builder of nation, we must return to the build!
Clinton said.
On Thursday, Clinton also promised to facilitate the work of the child family.
On Thursday he sounded anyway Sanders highlight, that the rich should pay fair share of taxes.
And if a company leaves the united states for tax refugees, it must pay a departure tax, Clinton said.
Today he will oppose Pacific free trade agreement, which he used to support.
"[As president] I am opposed to any trade agreements that work workers or wages," Clinton promised.
The Washington Post magazine before clinton's speech published by the speculation, according to Clinton intends to criticize republican Donald Trump on Monday made public by the economic program that it "prefers only this kind of millionaires".
Trump proposed by roimaa reduction of the corporate tax in Clinton has previously appointed a "Trump loophole".
On Thursday, Clinton stressed that he is a small businessman's daughter.
He reminded listeners to small businesses, which bills Trump is left outstanding, and the clothes, which Trump actually produced in China and Mexico.
"If he wants to make America great again., he should start by doing it yourself products in America," Clinton let loose.
Such are the Rio ratings: Games are not sticking finns front of the tv sets, but mobile app interest
Usually sports games appear on television viewers statistics in the sharp mountain peaks.
The rio olympic games have so far not been able to reach huge audiences.
At the time of the race you are sticking the tile edge at best 12% of the population: the Tuesday-night swimming followed yle's olympic channel TV2 at the same time 615 000 spectators.
For comparison: a month ago, european championships in athletics were TV2's desk at a time almost 800 000 spectators, and the football championship fair and square the second million.
Olympic sport of the most is so far interested in the Sunday-night cycling and the fifth race of the afternoon opened the artistic gymnastics, both of which target the olympic channel at a time nearly half a million viewers.
Yle sports chief Panu Pokkinen is satisfied with the ratings, and recalls that viewers divide into the Rio olympics for the first time on several different instruments.
Television in addition to Finnish the next olympics in Rio Arena.
We are pleased to see how much of tv-watching in general selects the olympics.
Television have viewers divided between TV2 and Yle Fem channel.
The rio olympics are the first sports championships, for which Yle has dedicated an entire channel.
When the broadcast comes 24 hours a day, and viewers is the entire time from 20 000 to 500 000, so it is a good base.
Viewership are lower than in the 2012 London championships or the 2008 Beijing games, but the difference is partly explained by the difference in time - a large part of the Rio race broadcasts will come to finland in the night-time.
Another reason for the weak interest - if you now someone weak keep - it is certainly a traditional Finnish reason: if Finland would have taken the start of the race someone to a surprise medal, the interest would bounce upwards with it.
In addition, universal sports is just beginning, as well as other Finnish interest types: sailing and horse riding.
The beginning of viewership have been Pokkinen, close to the expected.
When the athletics start, the ratings will explode.
Yle launched its race for Yle Rio 2016 -a mobile app that rose to the race of the first days of the Apple App store in Finland ladatuinta for free application.
By Monday, the app had been downloaded 150 000 times.
I guess that now goes for 200 000 downloads of around.
"Network ratings we get later"., Pokkinen tell
Rio Arena has not worked for all users properly.
Pokkinen said that the feedback has become and the faults can be repaired.
Rio Arena use has been associated with delay and other minor technical problems in the early stages.
Applications have been received the updated version, which should fix the errors.
The rio olympics views on yle's channels and arena wider than any other sporting event ever.
Yle Fem channel can follow some of the species, and radio in Yle Speech to convey to the races on a daily basis.
The olympic games are not only perhaps the most laborious yle for ever, also the last, which can only follow yle's channels.
Beginning in 2018, olympic sports shows as well as the Finnish broadcasting company Yle and commercial channels.
How deep is Finland's deepest lake?
The official statistics according to Finland's deepest lake is Lake, the depth of which is the cross back 95,3 meters.
It may be even deeper.
Technical diving instructor Matti Kannela find ristiselä from about 20 square meters of the indentation, the bottom of which the depth, the dive computer showed 104 meters.
Summer 2014 the Finnish environment institute tried in vain to confirm the findings echo trust land.
The method does not necessarily find a small recess in the one hundred meters, development engineer Jari Hakala said.
So far the official depth is therefore still 95,3 meters.
Other deep lakes are lake Inari (92 meters) and Suvasvesi (90 meters).
More than 80 meters extending to lake Saimaa, Toisvesi and lake pääjärvi.
They have not been studied as closely as Päijännettä.
In particular the lake Inari to the bottom has not been mapped carefully.
"There could very well find the unknown in the deep", Kannela consider.
If a deep lake is defined as the average depth, it is a Great Jukajärvi, 23 meters.
From this point of view the Lake is from ten deepest in the crowd and Suvasvesi is still farther away from the tip.
Repair 12. August at 14.29: Fixed the last paragraph, where the average depth of the deepest lake you were wrong.
Ihalainen veroalen: Pensioners tax still tight more
The pensioners ' tax is further strained than wage earners.
Ihalainen said that the grievances raised in the parliamentary elections and the pensioners ' taxation was promised equality to employees.
The government draft does not include such.
We think it should it definitely be.
Promises should be able to do after the election follow, he said the West's Media.
The beginning of this year employees for earned income deductions, which reduce their taxation.
Things heated up in parliament opposition representatives, who grilled the then finance minister, Alexander Stubb (kok.) election promises.
Purchasing power is secured, it will not grow
Finance minister Peter an Orphan (ioc.) presenting the policy of tax reductions is Ihalainen, it mainly to the purchasing power security and increase, for next year, salaries will not be increased.
He said that tax cuts positively affect the purchasing power and employment, if other things don't add to people's uncertainty.
Ihalainen is satisfied with the prime minister Juha Sipilä (centre) and the Orphan messages to respect the effort the competitiveness agreement.
He said that the agreement adhere to is credibility important..
It is the government through the main economic and employment policy measures.
It is made of the social partners the power, so it should not be violated by questioning.
It will need to, because the economy is so much domestic demand, and of the people of the future faith.
Protracted unemployment to seize the barn in
Ihalainen appealed to the government that it seize the budget barn in long-term unemployment, at least its growth to stop.
The long-term unemployed in June were approximately 17 000 more than the year before.
He said that if the growth stops, the government's target of increasing the employment rate of 72% of the run.
He warns that if a prolonged unemployment challenge is ignored, there is a very large social count.
Ambassador: Thailand in the attacks is not known Finnish victims
In thailand last night, and last night Finnish time witnessed bomb attacks killed at least four people.
The embassy calls on the country of the finns attention and avoid the busiest tourist area, as well as to follow the instructions of the authorities.
Thailand plans of Finnish tourists is not a reason to cancel their journey to the explosions, but the embassy instructions cautiousness should follow, Westphalen said.
In thailand, very little Finnish
West phalenin in Thailand is currently very little Finnish, though their exact number is difficult to estimate.
Finnish Thai travel season is scheduled for the turn of the year.
The vast majority of the Thai-tourists come from Southern Europe and from China at this time of year.
The embassy of finland has received in Thailand from Finnish some of the comments on Facebook through after the attacks.
The embassy is trying to reach, in particular of Hua hin in the finns in order to obtain information about the city situation.
Often the contact person in Hua Hin, however, are out of town at the moment.
Generally speaking, it all seems to be very, Westphalen said.
No information about the author of
West phalenin according to the impact of the factors is not yet information.
The ambassador thinks that the events might be related to thailand's divided society of political unrest and last week's referendum, the military junta drafted the constitution.
The law was approved in a referendum.
The referendum was not transparent, democratic process.
In the country, inter alia, arrested people who announced their opposition to the law.
Thailand's southernmost provinces smoldering, in turn, the muslim population related to ethnic-national conflict, Westphalen said.
Muslims want to increase self-determination.
Earlier attacks were not, however, been extended to the tourist destinations.
Bangkok is today a large, local holiday, Westphalen said.
According to him, the city celebrated the queen's birthday and mother's day.
Traffic in town is very limited.
Attacks effect should day shipping so that the authorities are very accurate the safety.
Thailand police: in the Attacks is not a case of international terrorism
According to police, the attacks are "local sabotage" and differ from conventional terrorist attacks.
Also islamist terrorism has been ruled out, says Thai police to news agency AP.
Thailand's dead-the-clock during at least four people, when 11 bombs have exploded across the country, as tourists frequented in Phuket and Hua Hin.
Finns favoured tourist resort, holiday island Rich explosion during the night four bombs, told thai newspaper the Bangkok Post.
The current data, they do not require the death of the victim.
The bombs, two exploded, according to the newspaper Patong Beach.
In addition to the two bombs went off in Phang Ngassa, where the wounded according to the newspaper, one of the people.
A popular tourist attraction in Hua Hin is in turn detonated by the local authorities, a total of four bombs yesterday and today.
In both double-a bomb attack killed at least one.
In addition, in the South of Thailand in Surat Thani in the village and Trang in the city exploded in both at least one bomb.
Both died in the attack at least one person.
Also Surat Thani has many travelers familiar, for its transit to Ko Samui, Ko Pha Ngan and Ko Tao holiday island.
The perpetrators of the attacks is not known
Thailand's ruling military junta leader Prayuth Chan-O-Chan, according to the perpetrators of the attacks is not yet known.
Bomb you are trying to create chaos and confusion.
We should not stir up the people to panic more, he said to reporters.
The safety of the deputy prime minister Gen prawa you Wongsuwanin according to at least Hua Hin and Trang attacks are linked.
He said Thai BSB:the authors purpose has been to destroy the country's tourism, because all the attacks have occurred in tourist areas.
The Finnish embassy invites the Finnish vigilance and to avoid the busiest tourist area, as well as to follow the instructions of the authorities.
Thailand intends the the finns is not a reason to cancel their journey to explosions, but suurähetystön the instructions caution you should follow, Westphalen said.
Wounded in the european
Finland happened during the night of the attacks and their victims is known so far very little.
Last night the attack in Hua Hin is a time to get a little more information.
In the death of a local woman and wounded more than 20 others, among whom was at least nine foreign tourists.
Among the wounded is at least German, Italian, Dutch and austrian.
Hua Hin, the latter in the attack wounded at least three people.
Two bombs exploded in attraction of the known clock tower nearby.
Thai PBS reported that the police have cordoned off Hua hin in the region, which it believes to have found one more bomb.
Surat Thani bomb was the provincial governor, according to the hidden flower bed.
Died in the attack on the employee.
Wounded is at least one.
CNN interview by the chief of police told reporters that the also Surat Thani in the attack used two bombs, which exploded about every half hour.
Bangkok Post says the bombs exploded in two different police station.
American Biles wins women's all-around
American Alexandra Raisman had another point of 60,098 and Russian Alija Mustafina third 58,665-point performance.
Biles, 18, is targeting the Rio games in a rack championships on floor exercise, jump in and boom.
Biles has dominated women's gymnastics for much of last year.
He has three from the previous season to eight personal world championships.
All-around and floor exercise championships he has won three times in a row as well as the boom of the last and the year before last.
The us team Biles has reached a two team competition of the world championships.
A fainter WORLD medals Biles is jump and boom.
Thai Finnish companies: "the blow has no effect on tourism"
In Phuket, thailand, real estate office and the same property located in the children's play club to rotate Esa Huovila is not concerned about the Thailand bomb attacks, the impact of tourism.
If there will be no more shocks, so I don't think that this is no big deal, estimates the Finnish entrepreneur in Asia about twenty years working on Huovila.
An experienced entrepreneur is seen close to many thai country afflicted tragedy.
There's always something.
First there was the tsunami, then bird flu and last year's bomb attacks in bangkok.
If these in the past are not driven by tourists, so hardly this one.
Huovila company office is located a few hundred meters from the explosion site.
Huovila heard about the attack from their own employees.
An employee called about nine o'clock local time and said not to come to the office.
Huovila said that as well as the promenade, the main street Bangla Road were a result of the attacks completely closed in the early morning.
Many of the local employees came in the morning the workplace in the usual way.
They thought that the roadblock had been put in the queen's birthday, Huovila says and refers to the Friday of the celebration of the holy in Thailand.
Patongilla the atmosphere was calm and the main street shops were allowed to open about ten o'clock of local time.
On the beach many had not even heard of the attacks.
A half to three time during the day Thailand time Patongilla the traffic was normalized, and a large part of the stores had opened their doors.
Shock to the place of explosion has been pretty small, strike place have been Huovila says.
Later this car was seen in kronoby jouxholmin on the road.
When the police got to the scene, had the car been set on fire.
The patrol found two description a man hiding in a nearby spruce.
The second man was taken immediately after the catch.
The second ran away, but the man was later found in the woods a police dog.
Men suspected of motor vehicle use theft, robbery, and aggravated mayhem.
Police thank the clues given.
Research director of the Russian leader changes: Clear aside the transfer
Russia was made on Friday, the highest-ranking leader changes in years, when president Vladimir Putin fired his administration chief Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov's successor is of Estonian origin 44-year-old Anton Persecution.
He is an ex-diplomat and acted in Ivanov's number two man.
The fabric of the creek, said that Ivanov's separation reason may be putin's desire to prevent it, that strong people around him would gather too much power.
He adds that the positions recycling is one of the power way.
This is a way to prevent that people earn would the president independent power to himself.
The fabric of the creek, it is also possible that Ivanov has had to enter into conflict with other leaders or screwed up.
The Position Of The Drop Ivan For Doors
Putin's inner circle belonged to Ivanov moves to the environment and to the transport of specific tasks.
The state media presented by the band, Putin said the change to a common decision.
Putin, Ivanov had himself asked for a transfer, and proposed the persecution of the bench, told Russia Today.
The fabric of the creek, said that Ivanov's point of view it is clear the position of the drop.
Environmental and transport issues in Russia are not in order of importance so high.
He pointed out that Ivanov has been one of the most prominent people of the Russian power at the top.
In addition, Ivanov has been the president of the security council to play a major role in.
Ivanov worked during the Soviet era, putin was with the KGB.
He was considered as a possible putin's successor in 2008, but president Dmitry Medvedev.
The fabric streams point out, that the old guard, for example, the governor, has been changed in Russia recently.
Senior researcher Katri Pynnöniemi foreign policy institute said that more interesting than Ivanov place the heir has it, that Putin change the middle circle to the younger.
Isis fighters were using civilians as human shields pulled out of Syria
They used civilians as human shields to escape Jarabulusin the city, so we're not aiming at them, said sherf to Darwish, who is Manbijin military representative of the council.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the civilians were placed in hundreds of cars, where they were taken Jarabulusiin.
Arab and kurditaistelijat received last week over about 90% of isis for important Manbijin the city.
According to estimates, dozens of jihadists, however, remained then in the city.
Corrected earlier news at 19:30: Previously, we reported incorrectly that siviil you were running away from the city, actually Isis fighters kidnapped the civilians to escape the city.
Professor: the interior ministry of public access to documents the alignment is against the law
The interior ministry, the alignment of the public access to documents is against the law, said public law professor Tomi Voutilainen the university of Eastern Finland.
Voutilainen said STT, that access to documents can not be based on authority's own guidelines, but it is based on the law.
The interior ministry had previously declined to disclose the interior minister of the events participant list for the Evening-Said.
The minister justified the decision of the state council's office of instructions and that the information was recorded in the minister's calendar and accounting records.
The ministry's communications director, told STT that the ministry has been noticed the need to reform the practice.
Usain Bolt's final olympic screen starts in Rio
In recent years, Bolt is the value of the race under the run against time.
He hurt his start to the season from the back of her legs and had to leave the Jamaican olympic qualifying.
This has not been the perfect preparation, but I'm in much better shape.
I've been practicing well and it is the key thing, Bolt said at a press conference in Rio.
That press conference included the scantily clad samba dancers and fans changed suppliers.
Humming Bolt around under the dash it that the jamaican star has risen in an era in which the athletics has struggled with doping scandals and slip interest with.
Bolt's previous defeat in the olympic games in athens in 2004, when he dropped out of the 200 meters heats with a time 21,05.
At that time, the 17-year-old Bolt was a young promise that was slowed by injuries and a loose workout position.
Four years later in Beijing his reign began hundreds of metres, with which he smashed the world record and competitors self-confidence the end of the celebration of the pins in spite of born time 9,69.
This is more difficult
A year later at the Berlin world championships Bolt reached his career in the legal point of the clock measured.
Berlin born world records of 9.58 hundreds of metres and of 19.19 two hundred are still valid.
Rio Bolt has announced it strives for 200 meters world records and 19 seconds below, but it does not believe anyone other than the Bolt itself.
A hundred bucks Bolt so the challenger is the Athens 2004 hundred olympic champion Justin Gatlin.
Last year the Beijing world cup final Bolt defeated american by just one hundredth of a second.
Bolt is not in Beijing to have begun his reign during the lost value of the cup finals once, if only to have made it out.
Daegu in 2011, the hundred in the world cup final missed Bolt's run without cheating departure.
Bolt meets just over a week from 30.
He is an old man a young man's game, and the Rio championships are his last olympics.
Career last to the finish line of your Bolt is set for next year's world championships in London.
These are the olympics that distinguish me from others.
I'm a senior and this is more difficult.
But always when I'm feeling down, I remind myself: this year I have to do it, Bolt said three months ago, a Sports Illustrated interview.
The revelations from Rio: two athletes suspected of doping-breach of the
The chinese state news agency Xinhua, according to chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 18, has given a positive doping sample at the Rio olympics.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi doping of the sample found traces of prohibited substances.
Also Bulgarian runner Silvia Danekovaa doubt doping violation.
In addition, the kenyan athletics coach was sent home because he gave a doping sample athletes.
Silvia Danekova is given a doping of the sample, where there are signs of epo-a hormone.
He ranked the rio in fourth in the women's 100-meter butterfly.
Brazil estada according to the chinese swimmer has taken the doping case of its sports in the international court of appeal to the CAS for processing.
Xinhua reported that the xinyi the Sunday to give a sample would have found signs of hydrochlorothiazide name of a diuretic.
Rio has revealed also other doping suspicions.
The BBC reported that a Bulgarian woman to prevent a runner Silvia Danekova is given a doping of the sample, where there are signs of epo-a hormone.
Kenya is, in turn, sent from Rio athletics the coach's home-doping violation.
The international olympic committee the IOC told reporters on Thursday that the kenyan coach was one of the fake test in the situation was an athlete and was given a doping sample for this.
The media according to the information in question is a kenyan sprinter coach John Anzrah.
The Daily Mail says he had used the situation in the 800-meter run, the Ferguson Rotichin race passport.
Phelps will stop at nothing - the historic gold came to the show style
The olympic history's most successful athlete, U.s. Michael Phelps swims the 200-meter individual medley 22. olympic victory in Rio.
Michael Phelps has won 22 olympic gold.
At the same time Phelps reached the first uimarina the same species olympic gold at the fourth traffic successive championships.
Phelps's winning time was 1.54,66.
Japan's Kosuke Hagino ranked medley in second place ahead of china's Wang Shunia.
I'm just trying to have a little fun, the BBC's olympic swimming commentator Helen Skelton laughing at night magazine quick interview.
Helen Skeltonin (oik.) on Monday the thing is this week's most widely read newspaper website.
Next to commentator Rebecca Adlington.
Skelton is not much stressful, if some or of the british press is a small noise in his revealing and unique costumes.
Televisiohan is a visual media, she stresses.
Skelton is dressed in high-heeled shoes and lyhyehköön dress, which is certainly at least adequate bare awareness of the - at least many of the conservative british look to the eyes.
Rear-steps is, however, not the permit.
It is important to look good, and small kohut's are just a fun thing.
Skelton wants to certainly startle and perhaps startled too, but he stresses you don't want to be in the lead role.
This isn't about me, he said.
Here we are watching the sport, and to keep the focus sport populations.
It shouldn't so much matter how I get dressed.
Can you imagine the uproar has reached Finland?
I can't, but all of which focus on how hard these swimmers are working for and how big the sacrifices they make, is for me ok, Skelton grinned.
You know what?
It is a fuss about nothing, if it comes to the (host) dress code.
I'm a little bit amused, if such have hit someone's radar.
Rio police make two arrests terrorist suspect because of
The rio police announced on Thursday that it has arrested two people for terrorism suspects.
The police made arrests the race of the safety oversight context.
The police did the same in the context of five others to arrest and interrogate two persons before such release.
All the suspects have been brazilians.
G1-news website, according to terrorism because of arrested persons belong to the same group, whose members police arrested already in July.
Detainees believed to have ties to Isis-the extremists.
The detainees were reportedly incited violence on social media.
Violence calls messages had been spread among others in the popular WhatsApp service.
The rio race on the safety of equivalent to 85 000 for the police.
The police blew up in Rio a suspicious package
Spain and Nigeria were forced to start the Rio basketball tournament group matches in an empty hall on Thursday.
The police found a suspicious package in the basketball arena and close the place to the public.
The police let the public in after was controlled detonated the package.
This was the third time Rio during the olympics, when the police has carried out a controlled explosion of the task.
Police closed the arena there found a suspicious package.
The audience reach below, when the police was controlled detonated the package.
The audience did not had to spectate the match began to date, because the police shut down the arena for a while hall found a suspicious package.
Police detonated the package and let the audience in the hall after that.
Drink sparked championships uneliaasti started the Spanish team.
Two losses in games started Spain beat Nigeria by a score of 96-87.
In the two previous championships in Spain reached silver.
Police conducted a controlled explosion of the mission for the third time in the Rio summer games during.
The last time police were called to detonate a suspicious discovery cycling of the paint place in the vicinity last Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria started the Rio basketball tournament the start of the block matches the empty bleachers in front of the.
The argentine lady he bumped Petäjä-Siren - Finnish reflection protest
Wind pine tree-Sirenillä was colorful competition day in Rio.
Wind Petäjä-Siren experience hard on Thursday.
The argentine lady he bumped the Wind Petäjä-Siren on Thursday in Rio women's surfing-day opening leaving.
The wind was broken, clearly.
The opponent admitted the crime.
He missed a crash due to stuck, and the other escaped, the Finnish head coach Joakim Wilenius says.
The athlete was considering for a long protest.
It is then worth to be done, because it would have been the olympic rules, in vain.
Was supposed to drop into the water, so I could get my refund, Petäjä-Siren said.
Finnish hanging the board at the last, because didn't want to have rio's dirty water.
The finn missed the crash, lähdössään place 27.
The overall situation for london's 2012 olympic silver medalist, is eighth.
The tip about the crash hardly affected.
Friday is an important day, when there is a race to the departure of 10-12.
Edited 0.39: The first data by way of derogation from Petäjä-Siren didn't protest.
7 unusual things science according to prolong the life of the age to
Science has studied everything possible between heaven and earth.
These things has been proven that the more years a person's life.
Part of it is the ways, which directly or indirectly affect a person's health so that his life longer.
Sometimes things that the person himself can not influence, can bring him an extra year.
Such are, inter alia, the tendency of central body obesity or social status.
Regular shopping can prolong the age.
Always don't even need to splurge - a mere milk carton applying enough.
Long life secrets is designed to determine a number of different studies.
Medical Daily presented seven strange research results.
According to science, all these things may bring more years of life.
The beer and coffee drinking
Drinking coffee has been found to protective against some cancer, type 2 diabetekselta as well as alzheimer's and parkinson's diseases.
Harvard university research found that moderate coffee consumption is linked to "the lower level of the death risk", especially neurological or heart-related diseases.
Alcohol for talking again, the studies, according to which moderate consumption - one to three days the dose may prolong life.
For example, one found that viininjuojat lived longer than people who do not drink at all.
Regular flossing can prolong a person's life even more than six years, a study says.
The argument based on the fact that this will prevent gingivitis.
They can contribute to other diseases of the onset of the rest of the human body.
In norway a study was, how the laugh of affected people life.
Seven years lasted the process of monitoring more than 54 000 people.
They who laughed more, were yrmympiä persons 35% more likely to be alive tests at the end.
Sex, when sexually transmitted diseases protection is taken into account, there are many studies according to good for your health.
Moreover, it can also extend the life.
Unfortunately, mere having sex as such is not enough.
So that person would get the additional years of life, he will also get orgasms.
Exercise routine that of course, additional years, that is undeniable.
Long life is achieved will, however, require absolute solakkuutta.
One Oxford university study namely found that women who had a big butt, cholesterol levels were lower.
Their system was also more omega 3 fatty acids.
The same study combined these factors lower mortality.
Whether it is the olympics medal position to reach athlete or an Oscar-winning actress, she more likely to live longer than your normal buns.
Many research has tried to find the cause of this phenomenon.
One explanation may be that ambitious people are likely to live in a way that brings his life an extra year.
Some of the researchers again suspects that the long age again due to a person's social status - which in turn allows, for example, the Nobel prize like recognition of the pursuit.
More than 65 years of age shopping behavior study found that daily shopper scorned person, i.e. likely less shopping you do older.
This is due to the fact that the concrete in the shops of the wheel to reduce loneliness.
It has again been found to trigger biological mechanisms that may bring forward death.
So put the credit card in your hand - online shoppail ulla does not therefore have the same effect.
Legless-drunk driver bounced off the facing of the truck
Southwest Finland, the rapids have happened on a Friday night a serious truck and a passenger car head-on collision.
The accident occurred you Touch, you touch the road and sorvaston of mid-Friday at 21.00.
The truck had been driving to Forssa direction, when the car was mired in the same lane, hit the truck into the right corner.
The truck was left after a collision in the lane to his upright but caught fire.
The driver managed to extinguish the fire yourself.
Passenger car derailed in a ditch and forward over the ditch on its roof.
Passenger cars carrying the 1972-born woman remained pinned in his car.
Emergency services removed the injured driver from the car, and he was transported to Turku university central hospital for treatment.
Woman's breath test result was 2.02 per thousand.
He is suspected of aggravated drunk driving.
Mail sent pick ' n ' mix with the wrong city
Salon K-citymarket's home irtokarkki range had flaws, because the post office had delivered part of the load accidentally in Tennessee.
Perniössä resident Teija Elf was on Thursday buying a pick ' n ' mix Salon K-citymarket, when the eye hit the funny sign.
Unfortunately, irtomakeisia in is a product of the flaws, because the Post office delivered the load we Seinäjoki!
We get more when the Mail gets delivered to the load!
Subject to congestion, therefore, mowing the lawn, the sign read.
Merchant kettuileva sign associated with it, that Post expanded last spring its services to include grass cutting.
Grass cutting is a Post in the supply through the end of August.
Elven's opinion, the sign was mostly amusing, and he decided to share it on social media.
Update the popularity of hit me.
Media representatives also have been calling all the time, and this aroused the attention is amazing, the Elf wonders.
Friday-night Elf update was facebook in more than 700 share.
Elf got their own favorites grab irtokarkki in the bag, although a few laari was empty.
The post Corporate transportation services responsible for business operations of Jaakko Kaidesoja regret the damage to the Day-Says.
The backdrop is that of the five on stage three of the diversion yesterday in the wrong place (in Tennessee) and we no longer left to make a partial (Saloon) three, but we took until today five stage, Kaidesoja told the Evening Said.
The issue of news coverage on the first Day-Say.
Teija Elf is indignant about the sign, because you will find a selection of all your own irtokarkki favorite.
Dramatic losing weight! 30 pounds lighter Lotta Backlund posted a photo of transformation
Comedian-producer has lost weight ten pounds of their child after birth.
Lotta Backlund has lost weight ten pounds for life change as a result.
Lotta share Friday image pair transformation Instagram.
Spring, Charlotte was on a health kick and was aiming at a normal weight.
Lotta Backlund in 2014.
Comedian, tv producer Lotta Backlund started losing weight his work already in 2009.
He is a holistic lifestyle change and lose weight slowly about thirty pounds.
Friday Backlund released the soaring of the performance of the image pair to Instagram.
Picture shows how much Charlotte has changed over the years in appearance.
Backlund before-and-after pair of images has collected several kiitteleviä comments with dieters.
You are magnificent.
In the same way we are, motivation hard! one of the annealing.
Piia Rattling, Lotta Backlund, and Mikael Saarinen were involved in the let's Do it now -in the process.
Have your picture so much strength and zeal, when in fact travel in the same way, another tell.
Spring Charlotte dropped the last pounds to Make it now project.
At that time he told the evening press that he wanted to get finally a normal weight, which was then a journey of ten pounds.
Three-month fitness regimen during the pounds to fall off eventually five.
In loviisa the murdered woman's family's wish: the Victim treats the police dogs in favor of
A week ago, in Loviisa the murdered 42-year-old woman's family hopes that the victims would be remembered of flowers and a petition instead of a donation of police dog work.
Sipoo animal medical center has published a Facebook update, in which it cares for the victim's family hope the police dogs in favor of reaching donations.
It explains that the victim had made the Town veterinary station work as a deputy, as well as performed there also treatments to their training.
Animal medical clinic recalls the woman with you the touching words.
Happy, smart, good sense of humor and work unafraid.
A Good Friend.
Still we can't fully comprehend that he is gone.
Facebook-update is accompanied by the account number where donations can be transferred.
The update mentions that the donation money is going as a whole, the police dog, primarily a safety vest.
Last Friday, 42-year-old loviisalaisen woman was murdered in her own home in Loviisa rapids in the village.
Women neighbors have said the evening paper for the victim to have been very fond of animals.
He was the owner of several animals, including horses, dogs, cats, chickens and a rooster.
Murder suspect 27-year-old man didn't know the woman, nor did they have any connection to each other.
The murderer's trace was involved in the police dog Börje, who was wounded in the arrest situation, endangering their lives.
Börje, however, remained alive and is recovering.
The district court issued Post judgment non-discrimination act in violation of
The mail was not entitled to arrest the temporary worker orientation to refuse the employee's salary, estimated by the Kanta-Häme district court in its judgment.
The district court ordered Post to pay the employee the greater part arrest of the salary and 2 000 euros compensation for discrimination.
According to the judgment, the Mail could have arrested induct wage only part that responded to induction share of the day's work.
The district court, the employee was subject to the non-discrimination act in violation of trade union activities on the basis of at a disadvantage.
The employee had complied with the Postal and logistics union pau of the organisations decisions familiarisation ban.
Last year, the November postal strike during the PAU made the decision, according to which the Postal employees are not familiar with to stop breaking temporary workers.
The first Public News.
Turkey's return to the respect for human rights to the active path
Turkey will return to the democratic and human rights respecting the development of the road, write the prime minister Juha Sipilä (centre) and the foreign minister of Timo Soini (ps.) in reply, the journalists ' association.
Prime minister Juha Sipilä (centre) and foreign minister of Timo Soini (ps) to agree on the human rights situation in Turkey.
Journalists asked earlier in a letter to Sipilä and soini to express concern about the Turkish expression and freedom of the press.
Sipilä and Soini told the Finnish repeatedly brought the Turkey out of the press and freedom of speech in importance.
Putin fired his government in the master mode to the Estonian background of the Persecution
Russian president Vladimir Putin has sacked the presidential administration chief Sergei Ivanov, the Kremlin says.
Will replace the Council-the Estonian communist leader Karl persecution of the grandson of Anton Persecution.
Persecution is a 44-year-old former diplomat, who has served as presidential administration deputy chief since 2012.
Persecution also comes from the Russian security council member, the news agency Interfax reported.
Vladimir Putin fired the government of his master.
Putin's close inner circle belonged to Ivanov moves to the Kremlin, according to the report, environmental and transport of specific tasks.
Putin, Ivanov had himself asked for a transfer, and proposed the persecution of the bench, the Russia Today report.
Ivanov worked together with Putin during the Soviet era KGB spy.
Many have Ivanovia as a possible putin's successor in 2008, but the president, Dmitry Medvedev.
Ivanov was appointed in 2011, prior to putin's re-election as president in 2012.
BBC: ManU's left to acquire in game ban - not to see the premier league's opening statement
Football transfer world record in the men did not see the field after the English premier league kicks off this weekend.
Paul Pogban game ban followed with England.
Manchester united's giant acquisition of Paul Pogba is a game ban because of the on the sidelines ManU:n open the league through Sunday Bournemouthia against, told the BBC on Friday.
ManU paid Pogbasta Italian club Juventukselle the british media, according to the 105 million euros.
The English football association the FA, however, keep him out of the game, as Pogballe missed Juventuksesta a burden on the game ban.
He got two warnings in last season's Italian cup, and it becomes a one match game ban.
That ban has been transferred to England, the FA told the BBC.
Pogban following the seam play is the league's second round 19. August, when ManU faced Southampton.
Flow show, megalomania is a virtue
Comfort the precise criteria and the ambitious vision you have established the Flow festival's position as an internationally respected event, which starred the world's top artists.
Flow Festival starts on Friday in Helsinki.
Festival visitors are typically expressed themselves through distinctive dress.
One of the main stage artists for this year's punk legend Iggy Pop.
Flow festival in the event area will be styled, inter alia, artificial grass and art installations.
We have never enough, that was just the main stage and beer tent, said the event's artistic director Tuomas Kallio.
Helsinki's suvilahti in this weekend to organise the Flow Festival has grown from a small-block festival of tens of thousands of visitors to the event.
The success of the background is a simple question: what kind of event the authors themselves would like to go?
Event production is quite unusual to think this way.
Often the goal is to achieve the necessity, level and official regulations, in accordance with said event artistic director Tuomas Kallio.
He knew weeks before the event, that the Flow will come this year to sell the end.
The aim has been to raise last year, 70 000 people, the number of visitors to 5,000 persons.
The festival will be seen again this year a range of interesting domestic and foreign artists.
The number of visitors increasing is a good thing, since the conclusion should in some way financial.
On the other hand, we don't want to grow too much, because at some point the mass would be like a herd of cattle, which is controlled by a huge bus.
We don't want to.
A successful event ideology is 13 years inflated so that the partially artificial grass decoration area is 130 performers, art installations as well as numerous restaurants points and drink bars.
The main stage and the smaller stage in addition to the gig as this year 15 000 people in the tent.
Cliff admits that the event can be implemented in a straightforward way.
Maybe I'm a bit megalomaniac, but at the same time, we have been able to maintain the Flow of the spirit.
If its lose, this is no longer our thing.
Rock great joy and reward for the work done is that today even large vision is practically possible.
The event began in the mid 2000's business was very dependent on the city of Helsinki, about 20 000 eur aid.
In recent years the Flow'ing to rotate the stock, the company had a turnover of around six million euros.
It allows to create "crazy stuff", such as that 73-meter-wide tent construction.
Flow's visitors are typically expressed themselves through distinctive dress.
Music event alongside can be trendy young adults from the community.
The event is not, however, consciously profiled itself particularly fashionable.
We want to stand out above all the content.
Still, also the fashion phenomena of the fit Flow's value world: curiosity and the desire to interact with the environment, says Cliff.
This year, one of the main stage artists is a punk legend, the 69-year-old Iggy Pop.
A man is in his own genre in a huge fan base, but he's not indie rock, pop music, rap music, and soul music combined with significant festival are the most typical performer.
Rock, Iggy book, because now is probably the last time this see you at the gig in Finland.
We're interested in all history and the future.
It's not only what commercial radio in the phone.
Iggy's last album is damn good and he has done the last few years a hell of a good job.
Thailand tourist paradise of bombs were hidden in flower pots - tourists fled in terror
Hua hin in the explosion local time on Thursday evening two bombs.
Died in the attack at least one of the local women and more than 20 injured.
The bomb was concealed in apparently a potted plant and detonated cellphones.
The bomb had been placed in the street, whose customers most of them are foreigners.
It was detonated at the same time, when the tourists began to leave the bar and come back at their hotels, says police representative samoe your Yoosumran according to CNN.
Since 1989 in Asia, lived in the wild, a protector of animals Edwin Age tweeted shock of a lot of talk about the image.
If the tweet is not displaying properly, you can watch it here.
In Hua Hin, injured at least 11 were foreign tourists.
The crowd ran up against me and said that the bomb has exploded the bar of the house.
It happened with one of the largest bar streets, told Swedish tourists Emelie Olsson Aftonbladetille.
The next morning local time exploded two bombs in Surat Thanissa.
At least one death.
The number of wounded is not yet known.
Very soon after this, the finns favouring the island of Phuket exploded two bombs.
No one is reportedly dead.
At the same time, Hua Hin was made to the second double-bomb attack.
At least one dead and three wounded.
In addition, Trang town, blew up one bomb.
Police said they found a Hua Hin reportedly at least one bomb, which had not yet had time to explode.
According to thai authorities, behind the bombings is likely to rebel forces, who are not satisfied with the Thai military leadership.
Local authorities estimate that the errand may also be a criminal organisation.
Aftonbladet says that police has seized recently addressing human trafficking of the criminal organisations.
The CANDIDATE: This part of the new readiness of the troops going off to the war situation in the first battle
In an acute war situation, the conscripts are told to fight to the tasks until several months after the military take the oath to tell the average Finnish.
Magazine interview by chief of armed Forces training, brigadier general Jukka Sonninen, for example, 5.5 months to serve in the military in a war situation, battle eligible are only those who are educated in their final stages.
Training manager according to the duty, the amount of the first standby forces include reservists.
Any conscripts or reservists not told of the mission, which has not been given the required training, Sonninen says.
Earlier in the summer revealed that the armed Forces will take the train conscripts immediate readiness of the units starting next year.
Units can be, if necessary, to use military action in military training during.
Pamela Tola had left the compensation hometalo of
Actress Pamela Tola and her former husband, ceo Pauli Waroma have won tough disputes of the apartment, which they bought from Espoo in 2009.
Two storey detached house price was 330 000€.
After the sale of the house was revealed, however, a serious humidity problem, which caused hazardous to health of the microbial flora.
The couple had to sell the apartment in the unloading condition in 2014.
The sale price was dropped to 132 000 euro, so the financial loss to the State and waroma to accumulate as many as 198 000 euros.
The couple took the matter to court and demand there seller a price reduction.
The seller denied the claim, but Tola and Waroma won the case and the district court - that the court of appeal.
The court of appeal gave judgment in the case on Wednesday.
It upheld the district court judgment, which the seller was ordered to pay State and waroma for 150 000 eur price reduction.
In addition, the seller had to replace a couple of trial and settlement expenses total 47 344 euros.
The right to reasonable reduction in price a bit because some dwelling need for repair had been buyers known for housing when making a deal.
Occurred building the errors were according to the court, however, substantially more serious than what was presented.
Tola looking for a good condition home
Tolan told the court of appeal, that the couple was specifically looking for a good condition home, because they do not want to take the repair work.
He was born of the perception that the building is renovated and in good condition and that the condition inspection report mentioned in point no harm.
Condition inspection report mentioned risks and drawbacks of ventilation and the fact that the rock along the surface of the drain of rain and melt water management are adequate.
Discussion on the basis of no, however, turns out that it had been in no way an urgent matter.
Tolan and Waroma stayed on the understanding that the rock from the rainwater should maybe in a few years to control a little bit.
The trade was made in October 2009.
Within a few years revealed that the housing of the humidity problems were much much more serious.
In 2012 and 2013 inspections of the building were found the microbial growth, which according to witnesses is because both the rock the rain water that the capillary-rise from maakosteudesta.
The west side of the house to microbial contaminated air may revise the estimate from the porch, through into the interior.
Health risk of enabling, limit-value border mold or yeast found in smear samples to the laundry room, the basement stairs, the living room window erkkeristä as well as the basement laundry room.
The terraces were built without permission
In court, the question was also about whether the apartment of the extended building permit violation.
The court considers that the Tola and Waroma been before the transaction aware of the city of Espoo's decision, according to which the apartment was to make the permit against changes.
Inter alia, the terrace was built, even if the appropriate permit has not yet been.
Home problems were a key issue in court.
According to the court, the buyers were from the seller before the transaction information received on the basis of the assume that the building is suitable for housing as such and that extensive repair work will be shortly need.
State and Waroma not the court of appeal thinks to be a specific reason to do normal wider check.
Buyers are not neglected selonotto obligation, the court of appeal said in its judgment.
Creepy archives of discovery: hundreds of thousands of women wanted to give birth to children for the nazis. the registry also Finnish
Journalist Christopher Anderson writes in a recent Dagens Nyheter article saying how the United states in maryland at the National archives in microfilm from the recorded documents regarding a total of 218 500 women who all wanted to marry SS men.
Most of the women are German, but also included americans, French, Dutch and russians.
In addition, the nazi morsiamiksi wanted to at least 65 danes, 86 Norwegian and 14 Finnish and 31 Swedish women.
Documents and registry cards are from nazi germany in the work of the race office.
The race office of the SS-leader Heinrich Himmler under the auspices of the.
One SS-man is not nazi Germany got to have kids before him had studied the SS-doctor.
The same applies to an even larger extent to women, who should be able to give birth even more than 10 children.
Andersson said the woman was carried out gynecological examinations to clarify the matter.
Breed of agency cleared the women's backgrounds, inter alia, by examining the church books.
The purpose was to ensure that women in the family tree was jewish.
Women should also be willing to give up their Swedish nationality and to give the race office the hand-written life times as well as good recommendations nearby.
The race office wanted to guarantee that women were "fond of children", "economize", and "good national socialists", who could very well German.
Women who did not meet the requirements, was not accepted, the SS-men morsiamiksi.
The story does not tell, what happened to the archive of the documents found in the 14 Finnish women.
SS leaders created the state-sponsored program known as Lebensborn, in 1936.
The programme, inter alia, stipulated that every SS man should receive four children, either in marriage or outside it.
Lebensborn-homes take care of outside of marriage children born and their mothers.
The program does not, however, very actively, the United states holocaust museum's website explains.
Instead, the nazi population policy focused on family and marriage.
The state encourages marriage by offering loans and support to the child.
German mother honor cross was awarded to women who had received at least four children.
In nazi Germany, "aryans" and "non-aryan" marriages were prohibited by law, on the museum's website states.
Petäjä-Siren in the sixth, nose radius rise and fall
Tapio nose radius ranked third in the sailing of the Finnjollien day, the first leaving for the Rio olympic games, but missed a whole bunch of tail to top it off the day second race.
Nose radius increase in the total situation in the eighth five after the departure, but the departure of the failure dropped him to 14 place..
Wind Petäjä-Siren fight RS:X class day departure in # 17 and three.
The overall situation, Petäjä-Siren is the sixth.
470-class Joonas and Niklas Lindgren were left the day of the opening leaving room for the 23.
The overall situation Lindgrenit are ranked 19.
Jari Sillanpää fairy tale castle was recorded in a couple of hours of sleep a night: "I Was so hungover"
Jari Sillanpää has belonged to the Finnish favourite artists for more than 20 years.
Cruise ship bartender in 1995, the tango king of Finland's best selling been a solo artist, as well as dance on stage and festival of the star reach the Beachhead keep going further and he is currently wildly in buoyancy.
Mari Koppinen written by your favorite singer's life book Jari Sillanpää - Bare was published today, Thursday.
In the book Beachhead about his life and career, both good and evil.
Beachhead of the career, the rise of total factor in his victory in the pole king of the crown of the Seinäjoki tango market in 1995.
Race in the Sills singing tango, but he had planned even then a bit different to the music itself.
1995 in the spring of Jukka Kuoppamäki was composed by beachhead to the man at the request of the tango song, by Kassu Halonen agreed on a slightly different format.
Fairy tale castle-the song became one of the Finnish music history's most popular song.
In the book that track record does not, however, gone quite according to plan: the Sills sing it on tape a terrible hangover and only a couple of hours of sleep a night.
We had been the evening of the party.
I was so hungover!
Sills recalls in the book.
Intensive would hit up the track of the recording did not immediately guess that it is sung with a hangover.
Even though I wasn't physically at my best, the secondary was still good.
I learned that the entire period does not have to require himself the perfect and top.
Another man of some of the most popular songs associated with the incident, which in the book takes place almost twenty years later.
In 2013, the Beachhead resigned from the then partner of his and the case ended up in the end also You deserve a gold -song texts, which was published in the uk in 2014.
In the book that Sarah Törmäseltä the ordered words of the song weren't as Beachhead would have wanted.
Beachhead had thought she was doing the disc, which tells the true story of his own life, but the difference of the song, the words weren't true, but it was written in 7 days-the journal news basis.
The journal news in Jari's and my ex-beloved a difference the reason I was given was Jari's excessive partying and alcohol use, but the Jar said it was bullshit and not true.
Jari calling according to the book outraged the record company and refused to sing songs, but eventually ended up, however, to sing it and so far so good.
In June, the british surprised himself by voting for his kingdom out of the EU.
In the end, 52% of voters in favour of difference and 48% had remained in the union, although the vote of the week polls to usher in were reversed print.
British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in the EU, stay in the position.
None of the prestigious research institute or university is not flagged by the difference in favour, although a few individual scientists dare to disagree with the profession into the mainstream.
Western policy, the basic mantra, the USA former president Bill clinton's recent election campaign theme, the phrase "It's the economy, stupid" flying dustbin British Brexit vote.
Economists were shocked when their voice could not be heard.
They were shocked, when the economy does not have to be a policy priority.
Economic kiharakin from
The Centre for Macroeconomics said in its latest monthly survey in the profession from the answers to Brexit-a disaster.
The typical answer is that economists listen, because this time the voters make a decision on other than economic grounds.
One of the economists explanation of the economic status of the loss is that people don't understand the economy.
Many still have the illusion that the number of jobs is independent of a, almost a standard.
If an immigrant gets a job, it's a right british out.
Many also have the perception that the currency value would be a good thing, because it contributes to the export industry.
The economist on the mind of voters do not believe the economic arguments, because the economist consensus does not become sufficiently raised.
They niggle, especially the BBC's neutrality, which gave as much space to only a few percent of the economists on the representative EU-the difference between a profitable economic scientists than the overwhelming majority.
EU-hostile press is not interested in tell me what you think of IFS, IFM, BoE, CEPR and LSE and other economic power in the combination of letters in the difference the consequences are.
Those distant combination of letters you were talking about the faceless have economic growth, trade relations, state debt and currency.
And if the economist of messages as well as listen to the most that was understood, so they do not care, because economists represent the kind of elite, with whom the voters not in his own mind have common interests.
Economists such as metropolitan academic would be yes remained in the EU, but in small towns and rural areas the message didn't work.
Migration is the economy
Brexit vote by far won the argument on immigration.
An immigrant takes your job, immigrant congestion in the hospital glass, the immigrant taking advantage of you.
These arguments will do the trick.
Every cafe is foreign workers.
How many more jobs the british would be if they would go away?
Each health center in the waiting room sees the immigrants.
How much easier to the british, did not see a doctor, if they hadn't?
Each school has immigrants children.
How much more easily the right of the british kids would get beat up in school, if you get rid of them?
In every municipality inhabited by foreigners.
How much more space the natives would, if they could go away?
I think these are economic issues.
They relate to jobs, housing and public services.
Economists do not, however, managed to answer them and if you were successful, their response did not receive the visibility.
Economists failed to explain that the immigrants thanks to the british have more jobs, fewer health center queues, and more money for education and social security.
Immigrants - and especially EU-migrants - are britain's public finances, the net pay and their consumption generates jobs.
Aberdeen real estate fund prepared brexit in cash
One of the fund were Aberdeen Asset Management, whose investments in real estate equivalent to the Finnish Pertti Vanhanen.
According to him, in Aberdeen, was prepared in time brexit was produced by A - and B-plans.
Plan B, i.e. the EU-the difference between a profitable camp victory began to be prepared in more detail a few weeks before the vote, in case that the result would leave.
The concern was that investors would start to pull their funds out of the market.
Real estate funds do not normally have substantial liquid assets, but now they could be necessary.
We left to raise cash.
When Brexit happened 23. day, we had 25% of the fund's investments in cash or liquid assets, Vanhanen said aberdeen's only open daily quoted portfolio real estate fund, which the news relates.
Vanhanen, the normal level should be 15-20%.
The value of the fund at that time was 3.5 billion pounds.
Total company funds worth about 20 billion pounds.
It was a high of number nine in the open real estate funds, Vanhanen said of all the British real estate funds open real estate funds.
He estimated that the lowest cash quantity of these funds missed the top ten percent or even less.
Real estate fund so you're prepared for the brexit was very different strategies.
Funds to close the trade
When the EU-the difference between a profitable camp victory, Europe went nuts.
The real estate market the vote followed nearly two weeks, however, were quite calm, Vanhanen told reporters.
Then two things happened that changed the situation.
The first was bank of England governor Mark Carney's speech, in which he estimated that the Brexit could be commercial property work which is a big risk.
In addition, real estate funds, the first, Standard Life, froze trading.
These, together with the ryöpäyttivät the situation and raise the issue of the Financial Times and the BBC pääotsikoihin.
The situation was compared in 2007 and 2008, Vanhanen said.
This made investors nervous.
Institutional investors remained more calm, but private investors are getting nervous.
The snow ball starts to roll, and fund after another was forced to close its doors.
The aberdeen situation was a good the collected cash, but that too was ultimately forced to freeze trading six days.
Vanhanen says that they do not actually closed the trade, but changed their pricing down.
In practice, investors were given according to him, time to consider, is it worth the money right now to pull out of the panic.
Aberdeen's message was that if you don't have to take your money out, it's not worth it, because it would cause losses.
It calms the situation, and most of the withdrawal notification.
After been quite steady, and now the market has been in a couple of weeks of very calm, Vanhanen told reporters.
He pointed out that, for example, the Aberdeen Continental Europe fund does not have any similar turmoil.
Queries, however, a lot of.
Unreasonably the attention of real estate funds
Vanhanen believes that the real estate fund of the trade of the road closures were disproportionately much attention.
Open funds, which closures regarding, dominated by around four per cent of the British real estate.
Aberdeen's barrier lasted six days, and the company sold out in less than ten property of 80 in London, located on the property.
Some other funds are still closed.
Aviva Investors warned investors this week that it may have to fund their catch up in 2017 to the side.
Currently there is uncertainty, and economic growth forecasts have set been down, but the situation does not look like Aberdeen in terms of "more and more outrageous".
The biggest issues concern now the British economy's future development.
Despite this uncertainty, the situation has brought for a part of the real estate investors up to new opportunities, Vanhanen points out.
Sterling and dollar exchange rate is at its lowest level in 30 years, in addition to which the market is 15% discount sale Brexit vote in the preceding period.
The dollar buyer can now buy the same property up to 30% cheaper.
Willing buyers is much, Vanhanen said.
Brexit other minuses in the London real estate market
At two in the morning the situation did not seem to still very much.
But at four o'clock, when the british real estate fund Aberdeen Asset Management responsible for real estate investments Pertti Vanhanen woke up again to watch the Brexit referendum results, the situation was different.
Power words that get.
I realized that this will now go to plan B:no side, Vanhanen said in the second home in Helsinki.
He headed immediately to work.
The City of london was already fully alive in the morning.
At the office normally silent as provided for by the tv screen through the news, and the usual noisy crowd went quiet fully listen to, when prime minister David Cameron stepped in this morning in front of the camera to tell the difference.
When the market opened, the screens were flashing pure red.
It was the kind of morning that would not have ever believed in his life, Vanhanen said.
Not because of any of that despite the turmoil in Aberdeen, one of the uk's largest property funds, finishing Brexit vote the day after, i.e. in midsummer, the two real estate trade.
The atmosphere was confusing.
The company, however, was prepared for the alternative, very, and therefore, the situation was kind of calm, Vanhanen told reporters.
Brexit-the voting started correction
The vote followed a storm.
The pound tumbled, britain's leaders went to the exchange.
The market began to anticipate the drastic decline of the British and especially the London property market.
London office spaces anticipated up to 20% of minuses in the coming years.
Soon, the British real estate funds began to freeze trading one after another.
Aberdeen did so for six days.
Now the storm has subsided, but the air is winning still uncertainty.
Not that it looks the last summer vacation day of this week in Helsinki, spent the Hours on the face.
In his opinion, is still far too early to say much about what brexit from the company.
So much is still open: how divorce happens and how Scotland will respond to the situation around, for example.
The london real estate market development has already obtained the first information.
Real estate services company CBRE's data on price developments cover about a third of the market.
According to them, all London real estate prices fell 3.3 per cent from June to July.
The City of london office buildings minus the accumulated 6.1%, Vanhanen lists.
The figures are not so terrible, but they are monthly changes.
The monthly index was launched in 1987, and only five months had worse figures, Vanhanen said.
All just as large drops hit the crisis years of 2007 and 2008.
It is interesting, therefore, that the brexit to compared quite quickly lehman's downfall and the Us real estate market to the global economic crisis.
Vanhanen's view, the analogy is not quite apt, because now it is the Uk's homespun crisis.
The atmosphere is another.
The property market is not now see that time, like panic selling, but the willingness to sell in order to improve liquidity, Vanhanen said.
Funding to find normally.
Correction could have been in front in any case
In fact, the price of the repair business is not for him a miracle - such a thing could be in front without Brexitiäkin.
Aberdeen estimates that London and other of the world's top urban real estate prices have for years been too high.
We have said for two years that the City and especially the offices are overpriced, Vanhanen said.
The drop, therefore, starts really high.
London prices have gained upwards of four reasons, Vanhanen list.
The british economy has grown strongly, the population of London as well.
Another big trend is that real estate is the last of the ownership class, which globalisation, Vanhanen said.
The middle east and Asia has become the market of new operators, and a growing number of institutions and private investors seek real estate investment targets abroad.
London is famous city as a easy target.
In addition to the price of fed low interest rates, which is why, for example, the pension companies have had to seek income in new locations.
On top of this loan has been readily available, although financial leverage is used by Vanhanen, is now clearly less than in the 2008 pre-crisis boom period.
Distributed please, spread please
In london prices-leveled last summer, Vanhanen told reporters.
Aberdeen started to lighten their holdings in London, and was, indeed, last year a net seller.
Expected was some kind of turning point, and now it came.
What this forward?
It depends on how the Uk economy develops, Vanhanen said.
Much he does not dare to be the judge, but said that any increase in the spikes is hardly the permit.
The atmosphere suggests that there is a declining or flat rate.
Vanhanen has seen a number of movements up and down, as he has been in real estate since 1988.
And still, he is optimistic, that believes that pit get out of work.
If you are prepared for the risks well, is in a better position.
He believes in global diversification.
If you have invested in one market, it is too much a victim of it.
If it is fragmented, risk is also distributed, Vanhanen said.
The S-group began to register shopping data from the past in more detail
Section H-group to know what you eat, as the trade group reported today that it starts to collect increasingly precise information about the position-its customers ' purchases.
After this date, data has been collected the receipt for the rest, the group began in early may scrape it, also purchased products.
P-group comes in kesko's suit, for plus for card purchased goods information has been collected kesko's customer register for a couple of years.
K-Plus Oy's managing director Ismo Riitalan according to the programme, the feedback has been mainly positive.
Product-specific information is collected with the customer's consent and used subject to permission marketing.
The most effective channel is email.
Quite a few customers has banned the product information of the use, Riitala said the economy said.
According to him, Kesko is not going to react to the S-group registration change.
Kesko categorizes loyalty to its already pure grocery shopping according to the ten groups.
The classification is updated on a monthly basis.
Regular customers are also classified as purchases of the number and the used amount of money.
The information is used to customer targeted marketing.
Product-specific purchase data are collected from only the K-group's own chain.
Partners, such as, for example, the Liquid Oil not knowledge transfer.
Lidl finland does not have customer loyalty programmes and as such have now planned.
Suomen lähikauppa has its own top bonus customer loyalty program, which may involve selection of houses, Siwa and euro-market.
We do not currently collect product - or product group-level information, we stick to the receipt total level.
So we know where in the store the shopping was done and I days, both the customer receipt totals.
We have not gone to that level as the K-group or H-group, said the commercial director of Anu Ora.
According to him, the loyalty program is intended to continue the reform, but local store tell me about it later.
Ora does not, however, promise that the product information would start to register.
At first try
SOK's customer owner and client registry has been until now relatively wide.
The basic data are personal and address data, but also occupation, education, housing and children's birth year and previous personal data.
Also in the same household of such individuals and their role is registered.
S-etukortti purchase is stored in the purchase date and the time, place, purchase of the final amount and payment method.
In addition, the S-bonus partner information is obtained from their pos system.
At the beginning of may from product-level purchase data will be deposited to Sokos - and Emotion-chains.
Instead, S-market, Prisma, Home of the Terra and the ABC chain in the data recorded so far on the product group level.
From customers is for a long time to come hopes that marketing can be targeted more precisely, said SOK's customer-owner and partner operations manager Marjaana Island.
S-group said the information was about the change to their customers.
These can prohibit product-specific data for use in marketing.
However, the data saved in the cash in which case, I would like it or not.
Willing can check deposited their data in the S-group website.
For example, the cashiers do not have access to it, with emphasis on the Island.
Video: Flame-puppy is a duty of a new dog confirmation your puppy will become the first explosive detection dogs
Black labrador retriever puppy sniffing vigorously five similar ground to line up the set of boxes at Helsinki-Vantaa airport.
It will not be long, when it sits resolutely in the middle of the box next.
The customs inspector Lassi Sexton reward Flame-dog play, putting it with its favorite toy.
The box, which the next Girl sat down, unearthed a jar of gunpowder gas smell casings.
Gunpowder gas is the first smell, what the Flame is now practiced, told the Sexton, Flame-dog owner.
The security situation and online trading the main reason you
Flame is the duty of the first arms and explosives search specializes in dog and it will be placed to work at Helsinki-Vantaa airport for next year.
Tasks may take the Flame and Suntion, if necessary, also to other border crossing points and ports.
The airport will, however, not the flame of the main job, because the international security situation has changed in europe in the event of serious terrorist attacks.
Paris and Brussels attacks caused the Customs measures and attacks after the control has been confirmed, said the Customs chief inspector Mikko Grönberg.
The second main reason for weapons and explosives dog training of Customs duties are Helsinki-Vantaa through the mail.
Increased internet commerce will air pass through the airport annually up to 40 million postal items, among which might be abroad ordered set mortar rounds and explosive materials.
Customs has made in recent years, Helsinki-Vantaa airport online store shopping, passenger aircraft baggage and air cargo among about 300 weapons, weapon parts, ammunition and explosive substances and their precursors related to the discovery.
Girlfriend will be working in different parts of Helsinki-Vantaa.
It will examine registered baggage and postal consignment.
In the port it is in the future a big benefit, when it can go through a big container in the area and mark the areas that require further research, said Grönberg.
Flame execution on the basis of Customs assessment of the school whether the weapons and explosives dog more in the future.
Grönberg I am hopeful for the idea.
The School In Tennessee At
Flame-kitten training is at Kirkkonummi, located in the Customs dogs school coordinated by.
The sexton school Girl with also the police and armed Forces, experts at.
The police have a strong experience in dog training and the armed forces have expertise in explosives.
Customs will decide together with other authorities what is the smell of the Flame are taught to recognize.
Girlfriend further education always necessary, says Grönberg.
Flame colleagues from the Helsinki-Vantaa are the customs of six drug dogs, as well as money - and drug-sniffing dogs Massi.
Labrador retriever Flame is selected the top ten puppy litter.
To the airport to pick the dog selection criteria include boldness and hunting instinct, as well as calmness, because the dog is dealing with firearms, explosives and human flows.
Suntion resident Flame is customs inspectors a close co-worker, but also a family member.
Nothing without a Boyfriend from the home, the Sexton says with a laugh.
Subtle orders to go to Honey ship over in a heartbeat.
Evening-says the camera man lose to fast a dog for the camera mic shield, but the Flame restores the soft toy looks like a guard as soon as the "off"-command.
A working dog of strong competition
Flame I started training to be completed next year.
There is still no test scores, the next in October to assess whether it is training adequate for demanding tasks.
Flame I can see the tasks in Helsinki-Vantaa, next year, if all goes according to plan.
Passengers do not, unfortunately, can become iron työliivit on the dogs, similar to Sexton.
One working dog costs are customs about between 60000 and 70000 euros per year.
Their age is around seven-eight years, up to ten, after which they retire to their owner care.
Working days can be long, eight to ten hours, but active job lasted only ten minutes for a couple of hours.
Working dogs of the owner's duties in the fierce competition.
Girlfriend of the owner to apply about 20-30 Customs employees.
Luck hit Suntion, which has not previously been a working dog, but he has years of experience in the dog, as well as supervisory tasks in Customs.
Mini state got the first olympic medal for his nation to get a day off
Less than one million inhabitants, Fiji olympic gold in rugby is appreciated in the country so high, that the government has imposed on August 22. day national holiday.
The country's public broadcaster, according to the Fiji government confirmed that the championship is resolved.
Holiday is considered the team to return home the next day.
The hero of the team's home country will also be festivities.
Fiji rugby team to celebrate the championship.
The Guardian reported that the country was following the finals in the capital Suvalla, where the stadium was erected in the screen.
Normally, only native fijians are interested in rugby, but this game combines the many cultures of our community.
Even the chinese restaurants were watching the game, I heard them the incentive, said the Fiji Times journalist maikel is Seru Guardian.
Drama in Rio - Finnish lifters fainted wildly after the performance
Painonnnostaja Milko Tokola was successful on the last attempt, 175 pounds, after a hard fight.
Tokolalle is to raise as unusual and life-threatening feature.
Heavy withdrawals during or immediately after them, she has many times fainted.
No one really being able to say why.
Tokola received in Rio, the push results in a 175 pounds and the rapture of the church at 145 pounds.
His connection to results was 320 pounds.
Tokola trying to get the push of his going for it on fourth 175 pounds, as also toisellaan.
The third attempt weights rose a wild boar of musical accompaniment.
My body trembled at the weight below, until the jury accepted the lift.
The Finnish builders of pleasure accompanied it, that he has suffered from knee problems.
RoPS acquire Estonian striker Prosan - betting league - ilta-sanomat
Men's soccer league player of Rovaniemi, the ball track has made it through to the end sustainable to the agreement Estonian striker Albert Prosan with.
We are looking for to join our team top players, which is power and which threshold to come to Finland and Rovaniemi is small.
We went over dozens of player-agent with through over 50 players from across the world.
Little by little the crowd began to stand out as a good alternative Prosa, Rops coach Juha Malinen, told the bulletin.
Prosa, 25, arrived RoPSiin tallinn from Flora, where he made 109 match a total of 51 goals.
He has played also in Estonia in the national team.
Prosan is to be rops was involved on Saturday in Seinäjoki, where rovaniemeläinen face of the ruling Finnish champion SJK:no.
RoPSille will need a new attacker, when last season's goal king Aleksandr Kokko moved to Australia.
The voluptuous Modern Family star shrugged again: the teen-star shorts reveal almost everything
Modern Family -comedy series good as Alex dunphy in the familiar Ariel Winter hit again by presenting luscious body.
Winter was filmed in Hollywood this week, the mini shorts that don't leave much to the imagination.
Shorts reveal not only the actor's feet also this rear side.
18-year-old Winter has recently attracted attention by changing the style and behavior considerably braver.
The star has been posing on social media published its photo in very little clothing and having numerous tattoos.
The young woman has also been seen to wear very scanty outfits.
Adulthood the Winter is released recently, also several photos of herself partying.
If the image does not appear, you can watch it here.
Earlier this summer, Fox News asked the experts, why Winter has changed its image so radically.
In this case, PowerwomenTV's founder and ceo, Amy Palmer suspected that winter has has launched a "typical Hollywood transformation" from child star to adult.
He has been on television almost all his life and grown Kardashians era.
He has learned that what's more seems to reveal the surface, the more publicity and attention in Hollywood can get, Palmer told Fox News, adding that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen countless times before.
Winter started the Modern Family series when we was only 11 years old.
The actor has provoked anger have a long-term fan of their image change.
It is not difficult to guess where he is in ten years, when the road is already so fast, said one of the women Winter Instagram.
Part of the female fans instead of making excuses for an actor, and instructed not to ignore criticism.
You look gorgeous!
No matter what others say.
You're an inspiration for many women, enthuses the young woman.
The japanese want the Nordic countries, preferably in Finland - tourists lured revontulilla: in the Autumn it is possible to see fabulous mirror aurora
The purpose of the campaign is to attract the japanese to start a northern lights trip you already beginning of autumn, Visit Finland told the bulletin.
The japanese northern lights tourism the main destination of Inari and Levi.
The northern lights are the winter tourism of our trump cards, and they are combined with the strong heart of winter and snowy landscapes.
Lapland winter northern lights trips are very in demand, but we are now trying to increase the fall travel sale.
Few people know that the northern lights season begins in early autumn and continues long into the spring.
In the autumn it is possible to see the so-called mirror aurora, where the lake surface reflects the northern lights make the vision two the coefficient of a fairy tale, told in the bulletin of Visit finland's vt. marketing manager Anne Lind.
Visit finland the northern lights campaign the main target group are affluent 25-35 years, urban japanese women, who dream of travel and new experiences.
They are already interested in Finland, its nature and design.
Tourists lured to Finland, inter alia, online advertising.
Aalto university and Turku and Tokyo university researchers, the survey carried out by survey, Finland has an exceptionally strong and positive country image among the japanese compared to the other nordic countries.
The japanese could use, however clear the most unique attractions in Finland, and this revontulilla is Lind by the tremendous potential.
Japanese tourists ' overnight stays have increased in finland, the other nordic countries significantly more.
Last year they stayed in finland for more than twice more than in Sweden, Denmark or Norway.
The japanese have Finnish tourism in terms of the target group of interest, because they spent over 80 million euros in Finland.
On average, the japanese used in Finland 183 euros per day, Lind said.
The british settle for rugby in silver Fidin organised by the master class of the leading gold
Uk impressive progress of the rugby tournament for the collapse of Fiji to present the last challenge Thursday night in the finals, when the team experienced a 43-7 rout of the Deodoro stadium here in Rio.
Fiji held a master class in handling, dismantling, avoidance, tukipeli, running lines and silkassa force when he won gold - their first olympic medal.
Loss with reasonable comfort silver medals - the British day of the third and they got to be proud of the hard work of the olympic games rugby start in the tournament, which they won in New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Earlier the same day to play the semifinals of the tough 7-5 victory over South Africa might bother them in the finals.
But despite this, the Fidi would be in this condition won even if 15 people on god's team.
Great Britain could maybe - but probably not - take comfort in the fact that at least one britillä is tomorrow a gold medal around his neck: Fidin head coach Ben Ryan, england's former boss Wimbledon.
Britain's journey has been quite.
Eight years ago they ryan's coaching by lost every game of the Adelaide tournament.
Here they lost just one.
This spanking hurts, but the evolution is startling.
Fidi start an excellent fight against great Britain tackles for fun.
Captain Tom Mitchell team it was like they were running toward the moving line of cars, and the world champions led 5-0 after Osea kolin t dive into the corner in the end zone.
When the clock was four minutes, Jerry tuwa's second touchdown in the right side of the lead goal kick.
12-0, and the united Kingdom had barely touched the ball.
Mitchell's brilliant tackle stopped a man-mountain Leone Nakarawan doing for the third goal, but it was fidin for just a speed bump.
Seven minutes in, the size of the fine Veremalua scored in the right corner, and the united Kingdom were 17-0 down.
Nakarawa scored again in the paint for a new start, and the clock was still over a minute...the first half.
After Vatemo Ravouvou darted through the great Britain loose from a tackle and rushed to the line to score.
Goal kick after the situation breaks when it was 29-0.
Looked like Fidi was born to play rugby, while the united Kingdom only learning the game.
And this is how it actually is.
Great Britain made a break had tons of changes that clog the Fidin the dam...a whole four minutes, which in the first half in comparison with the time was well until Josue Tuisova scored Fidin to influence the input after the game.
Dan Norton grabbed the great Britain goal in making the touchdown in the left corner and narrowing down the situation numbers 36-7, but the game had long been lost in the south sea islanders, whose supporters sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It was difficult not to admire without Fidin joyous approach.
Mata Viliam last minute times when it was the icing on Fidin cake, not the icing didn't need to.
Whistle was fidiläiset hugged and Britain fell to the grass, completely beaten.
Earlier the same day in Fidi was beaten Japan in the semi-final 20-5, and great Britain beat South Africa in a tight in the semi-final, where both scored one goal britain's goal-kick settled the game.
Kyle Brown took South Africa into the lead in the first half, but Dan Norton crossed the finish area to a stunning foot work and scored the goal post less than in the second half.
Great late tackle Marcus watson from england's 15-aside rugby team Anthony brothers, make sure you win and eventually the silver medal.
The coach's fight against cancer inspired Helen Glover and Heather stan ning rowing you can toon
These games is not going to be feeling a lot of hysteria-inducing gold, and it really means something.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 hard kiskaisua towards the history books, Helen Glover and Heather Stannington find the golden moments of their Estacio da lagoa have a deeper meaning.
Even if they are rowing together, the boat had three votes. Coach Robin williams, the echo was present all the time, when the duo sped to a second consecutive olympic gold medal in their women's pair competition - the first woman in British sport in the history books, able to reach such achievement.
Their control was perfect, and this was their 39. appearance in the undefeated, which is a record.
This, what we see, two great athletes gliding on the surface of the swan sulokkuudella, not completely a picture of the winning character.
Each rowing gold in the background is a group of helpful pair of hands, which will contribute gradually to those things that matter. And not one pair of hands was less essential than the coach, which is 30 months ago, a cancer diagnosis after getting to know, would he to this day.
As he said, the situation was a close call.
I had bladder cancer, which is one cut available things, and they performed the surgery.
If they don't cut, it will spread everywhere.
The situation could have been pretty bad.
It will change a little bit your way of thinking.
Williams got the diagnosis in December 2013.
The trio was lucky in that his treatment was able to start at the beginning of 2014 through to the outside, when they caused the least possible disturbance - if that term can ever use in such situations.
I need to get paid, so I need to heal quickly.
It encouraged me.
I was in the hospital and I walked around the department - 20, 30, 50 feet at a time, when they said that a few steps would be enough.
So it begins.
Rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a little bigger.
Immediately after the victory on the first couple of thoughts were Williams, who had been nervous in the morning, and he had spoken a little more than usual trying to deal with their own nerves stu.
Stannington, the Afghan commander, an experienced captain in the royal artillery regiment, said: ”I've been emotional wreck this week, which can perhaps be a little overreaction, but this means so much to me.”
It just underlines how important this is to me, how hard me and Helen, and Robin also, we have worked with.
Worn for three years Helen and Robin have been great.
Without Robin we would be nothing, so for him to hear thank you very much, he is the world's best coach.
I couldn't imagine a better training partner or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stannington are not lost to the competition in five years.
The couple set up a rough rhythm, which their competitors do not reach.
Yet in the last 500 metres, while New Zealand and Denmark teams began to approach, Stanningilla and Gloverilla was too much energy in stock.
We were very caught up in the moment.
Helen shouted ”stay in the process, stay in the process”.
It is really important to keep it under control.
We had a good start, and we're not at the same time tried to do anything special.
We searched tonight fireworks, we strive only for good rowing and to win a race, and so we did.
A couple wait a year, before you decide on their future.
Glover will participate in next month's wedding, when she marries tv adventurer Steve Backshall.
Right now he just wants to enjoy the moment.
”I didn't want to say that this would be the last competition my.
That would put too much pressure.
After london took about six months to realize that I was the olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so stressed out.
Here it takes about four minutes.
This feels so much better,” he said.
Iceland change in Panama-leakage ryvettämä government
Iceland to organize in October, early parliamentary elections, which the Panama-information leakage raivostuttama protesters are demanding already in the spring.
The so-called Panama-the papers reveal several icelandic politicians circumventing the taxes in the tax havens.
Prime minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugssonin resigned from the scandal, but it was not enough for protesters.
His followers Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson promised at that time to organize new parliamentary elections in the autumn.
Election day has now been decided to October 29.
Analysts said it is difficult to predict how a lot of people last spring's fury will affect the fall election.
In June, the presidential election critical to the power point is clearly visible, and was elected president of the policy outside of the election settled Gudni Johannesson.
Trump said he was being sarcastic in claiming Obama Isis based
Us republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to cancel the latest kohupuheitaan.
He said he was being sarcastic in claiming that the incumbent president Barack Obama was a terrorist organization Isis-based and democratic candidate Hillary Clinton involved in the organisation of the establishment.
The democrat party was furious and demanded an apology to trump for the evening.
Army commander in chief should never let anyone who can sink so low, Clinton tweeted.
In the south of France in cannes, the mayor has banned the muslim favored by the covering burkini-a swimsuit for use of the beaches, told, inter alia, the british newspaper, the Guardian.
Mayor David Lisnardin signed by the decision states, that the beaches and going swimming is forbidden, which is not a good way and a secularism respectful of the swimsuit.
The decision also says that the swimwear, which ostentatiously express their religious affiliation, can add to the disorder of risk in France, which has been a terrorist attack of the target.
In mid-July, 85 people were killed and hundreds injured in Nice, when the 31-year-old man drove to the French national day party minded crowd.
In late July, two extremist organisation Isisiin connected men attacked a church in Northern France and killed more than 80-year-old priest.
The oulu region the quality of bathing water passed the sieve - Pyykösjärvellä blue-green algae opacities
The oulu region official beach taken from the water samples met bathing water quality standards for.
Only Pyykösjärven beach has detected blue-green algae opacities.
The oulu region environmental measures taken Tuesday and Wednesday during the water samples in the Oulu region from nine EU from the beach and 30 other public beach.
Sea peninsula the beach, with the exception of bathing water bathing water E. coli and intestinal enterococci the enterococcus bacteria levels are below the social welfare and the ministry of health regulations provided action limit.
Sea peninsula of beach water E. coli and enterococcus concentrations was confirmed on Wednesday, when the bacterial concentrations were reduced below operational limits.
Pyykösjärven at the beach, the observed blue-green algae opacities do not yet make the water swimming useless, but under favorable conditions the situation can change rapidly blue-green algae bloom, when the water surface is a blue-green levämassa to as a raft.
Environment act will monitor the situation tihennetyin amendments.
If blue-green algae opacities turns blue-green algae bloom, the issue will be announced separately also beach message board.
Look at the bathing water sampling results here.
The MTK Hakkarainen forest gift reduction: more Than 80% of the forest owners, representatives of outside
Forest gift deduction is one of tax changes the ministry of finance next year's budget proposal.
The income tax act proposes a tax deduction, which would be granted to forest status, generational gift tax basis.
The ministry of finance show forest gift reduction has four objectives: to promote the forest status of the generation changes, to rejuvenate the forest owners ' age structure, grow a forest holding size and increase the supply of wood.
The ministry's aim is to promote entrepreneurial forestry.
The owners would make the deduction in the forest economy of pure capital income.
In general, the idea that made such a tool, which promotes forest status of the generation changes, it is good, comment on Land - and forest owners the central union (MTK) forest director Juha Hakkarainen.
Hakkarainen, however, to find criticism of the tax change in the show.
Forest gift reduction is presented the task of the forest owner from a pure capital income.
It is the capital income minus all other deductions out.
The MTK and Hakkarainen believes that the tax deduction impact would be greater if the reduction can be done directly on wood sales income.
The VM's show to go about it, by making the reduction of forest economy of pure capital income to prevent it, that its basis should be the forestry capital income losses, which should to be reduced for other tax purposes.
Such a person would get a tax benefit, though not wood sell.
The calculation is unnecessarily complex.
The average forest owner is not able to perceive, Hakkarainen said.
In addition, the model applies according to him, only a small part of forest owners representatives.
The forest returns a value tied to the tax deduction limit is show 40 000.
It is pulled Hakkarainen opinion, too high.
As such, it qualification, according to him, 82% of Finnish forest owners representatives out of the deduction from the district.
The model would have the effect of about 10% of the forest owner, he said.
VM is considered that the cross-guarantee farm size growth target.
Forest policy forest gift deduction is crank by Hakkarainen according to decades.
The background is a forest aging.
The MTK according to the forest owners ' average age is currently over 60 years, and forest owners, representatives of about half are pensioners.
A strong hailstorm surprised the motorists Himangalla - two cars derailed in a ditch and crashed into each other
Kalajoki Himangalla hurts the peculiar rear-end collision Friday morning.
Emergency rescue, two in a row to drive the car in the ditch, after which behind become collided into the run after.
Duty officer the fire chief of Harri Pyyhtiän according to ditch the derailment is suspected to be due to the strong raekuurosta.
Behind run at in the car were two people, both of which were transported to the hospital for treatment.
Their injuries did not have more accurate information.
The above drive, the car driver was not injured.
The accident occurred on highway 8 Himangalta a few miles Kalajoki.
Finnish research could help improve cancer treatments
University of turku researchers, recent survey results may help to develop cancer treatments more effective.
Academy professor Johanna Ivaskan the research team's findings show that the cancerous tumor the hardness increases cancer the worst quality.
Many human tissues, such as breast tissue, are very soft, and the tissue cells grow in the usual way in such an environment.
Ivaskan according to the cancer growth was prevented under laboratory conditions by restoring the cancer surrounding tissue to respond to normal soft tissue.
The future of cancer drug treatments might be able to improve by focusing on the treatment of cancer cells in addition to cells and surrounding tissue interaction.
The research results have been published 4. August cell biology sector in the prestigious Nature Communications journal.
Muhoksen the family home of slain threshing continues in court, the prosecution demanded conviction for murder also another factor to
Muhoksen the family home of slain threshing will continue to the court both convicted.
The two young men were sentenced in June to jail was over from the family home on the killing.
Another got 8 years, 4 months, inter alia, as a young person of manslaughter and aggravated robbery.
The second sentence is 12 years imprisonment the young person of murder and aggravated robbery.
Convicted of killing him was convicted of also felony traffic safety of the young person and the vehicle transporting the non-young person.
District court of appeal by the prosecutor, the owner and the most severe sentence received man.
The prosecutor demanded a lenient punishment of experienced men judged a young person murders 12 years ' imprisonment.
Were made with full knowledge
The district court, according to the 17-year-old young man killed the school's child protection unit as a pilot working man in July last year.
The murder convictions of 17-year-old attacked the judgment of the justification behind the living room couch sitting in the director's bouquet.
The director was out of his grasp and walking the youngest to his room, when another youth hit him with a vacuum cleaner pipe.
The director also, inter alia, was strangled under the leadership, was punched and kicked in the head.
State of mind survey, both of the condemned were made with full knowledge.
Law, the young people had planned to escape the family home for at least the previous day.
Jäähai is the world's long-lived vertebrate, increasing only 156 years old
The world's longest living vertebrate is ensured jäähai, told the journal Science published research.
Atlantic in the north such as Greenland, around swimming in the jäähai i.e. holkeri can live up to 400 years old.
Females will increase until 156 years old.
Jäähai of a lifetime to add to it, that it only grows a centimeter a year.
Only one mussel species known to life jäähai any longer.
Scientists got the age out radiocarbon dating.
In the 1950s, the nuclear testing because of some of the shark was radio active residues.
On their basis researchers were able to estimate the shark's age.
The parent estimated at 392 years, although throwing in one direction or another can be up to 120 years.
Donald Trump economic wise - the People's News
Donald Trump, America is not the rest of the world need.
Up to one third of all state tax revenue would be left without, if Donald Trump to drive the change in the corporate tax to be implemented.
Tax revenues would be reduced also in particular, the richest benefit of the tax relief.
Trump image to your tax program revolutionary to be presenting it on Monday in Detroit.
The corporate tax would fall from 35% to 15%.
Without collecting would be a truly staggering sum of 1 000 billion dollars a year.
The top income tax rate is now 39.6 million, Trump presented after discount 33.
Inheritance tax be phased out completely.
Trump blamed the state of the industry from too much regulation and small business driving the bankruptcy.
Hastily decided environmental standards must be put into the new and energy-sector regulation to extract it.
Barack obama's health care reform is to take a new reading.
The administration has appointed "experts bureaucrats instead".
"Destructive" trade policy is a Trump, according to the United states the problem of the bigger reasons.
The free trade agreement of the said accommodate off.
Imports from China hit fathers 45% and Mexico 35% penalty tax.
We offer a new future.
American, no globality, is the belief in the recognition, Trump declared.
Donald Trump, America is not the rest of the world need to:
American cars are going to drive on the streets, the american planes to unite the city, the americans ships to supervise the sea, american steel to raise all over the country new skyscrapers.
My habits Trump read faithfully through the assistants by the speech, despite the fact that the well-organised protests were interrupted 14 times.
Economists - including republicans close to - see the Trump program to take the united states into a deep economic recession.
Hillary Clinton unveiled its own program, early Friday Finnish time.
The tidal wave of the past - the People's News
The sea's churning fatally, but the actual tsunami strikes in the middle of the Madrid street scene - a reckoning with the past can begin.
In summary Pedro Almodóvarin the novelty of the story's core.
Almodovar's previous directing work travel lovers (2013) had a little fun and brisk-hand satirical comedy, it pre-the Skin I live in (2011) Spanish virtuoso career peaks.
Level dinner with Julie (2016) is ranked somewhere in those two works.
It is agreed the woman serene love, relationship and family drama that focuses on mother and daughter relationship.
The story is simple and seen very much as a long flashback.
Life seems to be a model at the middle-aged title character (Emma Suarez), but then it all threatens to fall apart.
Random encounters in the aftermath of the new man-friend (Dario Grandinetti) is allowed to be stumped whenever the movie towards the end.
Flashbacks and a long letter in the form of Julie times life stages adult growth and successful daughter.
He started to the time before the daughter's birth, the moment when the met this coming father's (Daniel Grao).
At the same time another female lead to rising Julietaa as a young teacher the adrain to Ugarte, the tv familiar series of Suture between the time (2013-2014).
Manage to bone me julie aging is treated in a manner which can keep the kökkönä, but in fact I would say that kind of funny and words in accordance with a single sweeping.
Almodóvar film to often so characteristic of räiskyvyyttä always humor right down to manage to bone me julie is a fair distance.
It is strong acting, low-key, some good music and quite a melancholy film, in which a is ingredients elegiaan.
Instead, the Spanish pilot's typical visual color saturation is still there and thus, that it starts to inject a little quiet for anything more, clean as a matter of form than as a drama of power as a means.
Movie persons afflicted by diseases, deaths or otherwise, just a sudden loss, but the surface remains as fair.
This is especially true of the costumes: the name of the person in case you live in change the scene to another, and the same applies to the theatrical earrings.
Almodóvar is these matters closely, but the main thing i.e. your current scene setup is not this much better.
Mechanical when repeated impression is external and a bit uninspired.
Almodóvar has made a script of the nobel prize for literature in 2013, the award-winning canadian Alice Munro three a short story based on it.
Short stories have been published in the book Runaway: stories.
Almodóvar has invested in dialog, the result is a somewhat uniform thickness in the written literature of the remake of the road.
The ingredients would have been emotionally incomparably jykevämpään more drama, some big things - especially the nagging guilt movie themes handles.
Directing and screenplay: Pedro Almodóvar.
Based on Alice munro's three short stories.
Starring: Emma Suarez, Adriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandinetti.
The movie premiere is 12.8.
The government is trying to election gimmick - the People's News
New cuts are not made, saying to the ministers, so that the finns did not collapse totally.
Spring decided surgeries, however, make a raft.
The new cuts will not come.
Already decided, the fourth billion in savings is sufficient.
This convinced the prime minister Juha Sipilä (centre) and finance minister Rudolph Orphan (ecr) budget barn below.
True in the sense that the VM's show no new cuts, because the cuts in social security, it was decided already in the spring spending limits discussion.
Child benefit, public pension, unemployment, basic security and almost all other public pension index-linked perks cut to 0.85 percent.
Earnings-related unemployment benefit duration is shortened 500 day 400.
Education cuts continue.
Municipal elections are haunting
Why, the ministers stressed so much just the fact that those on the no new cuts?
Because next year is an election year.
Municipal elections are held in April and they are in the election season the most important thermometer, not the polls.
Before is to see that the government parties in different directions consuming municipal elections out of the ruin of the government the mood for a long time.
Polls, however, tell you that the government party, the finns expect a blow out, although its the previous the results of the elections were parliamentary elections, compared to a modest 12.3%.
The finns party got four years ago 752 new councillors, of which a large part of the next spring to be realized as a right-wing government to influence the price.
Three roughly equal parties in the government of clematis depends on it, that the true finns have the stomach for it.
Now it is not endured, but more than half of the party voters had enough of the government policy already during the first year.
The first character is also the party's parliamentary group käymistilasta have come to the surface.
The new cuts should not be-rhetoric first obfuscate the fact that the next year they made them drastically and secondly, trying to soften the true finns pending attack.
Suurleikkaukset in 2018?
After one year, all is likely to be different if the Finnish government is still standing.
The government has set itself the objective of the indebtedness of refraction in this election season, but Petteri an orphan in the budget show the debt will be taken next year to 5.9 billion euros, or more than this year.
The municipality elections after a government has two options.
The first is to raise your hands up already election season in the mid-and admits that the government can comply with its own programme: indebtedness does not fold and not even slowing down.
The second is to stick to the program.
It means more on the new even harsher cuts in the year 2017 budget barn.
Budget runnottaisiin at least close to balance in 2018 and then in the spring taken parliamentary elections, against it, what will be.
These activities indebtedness does not fold
It is quite clear that the current policy indebtedness will not fold, even though Juha Sipilä how trying to stir up a positive atmosphere.
State secretary Martti Hetemäki budget briefing presented by the curves to prove it against said non -:
World economic growth forecasts have repeatedly proved overly optimistic as ie traction in the international economy does not come.
The Finnish national economy has not just soared in 2008, experienced after the collapse of not only temporarily in the early 2010s, in pursuing the recovery of the policy period.
Unemployment is at decade increased by 35% and prolonged an average of 34 to 54 weeks.
Unemployment now costs three billion euros per year more than in 2008.
Hetemäki presented curve of government debt, which exceeded the 60% threshold in 2014, will rise in the next decade in the mid-70%.
What is responsible?
In the spring of 2015 left alliance presented by the debt recovery was rejected because it was considered irresponsible.
The first year of unemployment, the maintenance will cost about six billion euros, which will cover virtually all new debt by taking.
This is the center, the coalition party and the true finns idea of what is responsible.
Survey: the Committee is to leave a lot of tasks
Three out of four considers that children in day care, youth work and sports organisation of the municipality's responsibility, it turns out TWO - Municipal development research.
A clear majority of the people from the scroll the responsibility of the individual municipalities including libraries, culture, adult education, construction supervision, high school education, as well as waste management.
Provincial responsibility in turn is to be clearly provincial planning, special medical care, vocational training, polytechnics and developmental disabilities institutional care.
Nothing on the order of responsibility of the tasks does not want to transfer to the state.
Underage drunk driver ran a chase at the end of the police away
Joensuu's 16-year-old motorcyclist was driving the police patrol away from the joensuu in ilomantsi on the road Friday night half one time.
Police patrol tried to stop without lights in the run of a motorcycle, but the young man chased the police away way over the speed limit.
The chase continued sonkajan beach road, with the further oppression ahontielle and down a forest road, where the motorcycle drifted off the road.
Yet after this young man ran away, but the quick feet of a more police run fugitive caught.
The driver to do a breath test showed a 0.75 per mil.
He did not have either a driver's license, which would have entitled the motorcycle driving.
The case is investigated, inter alia, felony traffic safety vaarantamisena.
Stone cargo in a truck crashed into a ditch
Stone cargo in a truck crashed into a ditch knee lake scraper on the road Thursday night at 21.15 at the time.
The truck had drifted to the left curved corner off the road and crashed on its side in a ditch.
Rescue service lifted the injured driver out of the crash of the truck above the left door, through along with the helicopter rescue staff and paramedics.
The vehicle lift was the owner of a car task.
Fallen from the truck spilled into the path of the hydraulic oil by the fire and rescue service absorb into the peat.
Police are investigating the cause of the accident.
An elderly woman went missing this afternoon ilmajoki have
87-year-old woman has been from noon until missing Ilmajoki bay village, South Ostrobothnia.
Police are looking for about 165 centimeters tall, thin and good ryhtis women, which is white under the chin extend the hair.
Observations and clues to the lost movements is asked to call Ostrobothnia, the situation centre tip number 0295440513.
The major ingredients in the air - see the photo gallery parafest's destruction
Parafest festival tent crashed plunging flow caused extensive damage.
Joensuu parafest chairman of the association of Arto Pepper estimates that the festival can be reached economically, and the event can also be arranged next year.
Parafest was the last performer Kalle Salonen perform Friday night at the conclusion of the stalls on the stage.
On Saturday the program continued city theatre premises by presentations at 13 from.
Art centre Ahjo is Parafest-show clock 13 to 15.
The program will be held as planned.
Plunging flow generated by the old man spilve, when rainwater and its weight start to decrease the air flow.
Thunder clouds water phase changes absorb heat, and consequently, the descending air mass cools and its pace toward the earth acceleration.
Meteorological department told that the plunging flow occurs in Finland, often during the summer.
Plunged into the flow of the route is difficult to predict.
Crash flow hit the parafest to the event as the place to be to Joensuu art museum's backyard Friday afternoon, before five.
Three tent crashed down, the tent was a total of about 200 people.
In the accident injured himself slightly to four people.
Among them was one child who was transported to the mildly injured for further treatment.
Air pollution aging londoners
According to the study, london's skin ages faster than usual.
The reason for skin aging are air pollution.
The british investigation told the Evening Standard.
British skin care company Caci analysis of London's air toxic fine particles and their effects on the skin.
The results show that many of the retirement-age london the skin is two and a half years older than, say, in rural areas the peer.
Skin aging fine particles are very fine dust pollution, which originates from transport fuels.
The same particles also caused by respiratory diseases, which died the Evening Standard, according to the nearly 9 500 londoners every year.
Studies have found that the particles are small enough to penetrate the skin's outer layer.
Cacin study found that early aging is a risk especially for those londoners who commute commuting, walking crowded streets in the vicinity.
London residents can try to protect themselves from air pollution, for example, different masks, but the practical solution is recommended for regular skin cleaning.
Tractor brakes - poking standing in front of the man
The man had been moving the yard in the rocks with a tractor.
When he had risen from the tractor out and went to the front tractor brakes and the tractor ran over the man.
The man didn't stay under it, but the tractor could however push a man to the extent that he was transported to central hospital for further examination seriously injured.
The tractor did not have time to drain further as it crashed into the front of the stone.
Bash new power for the upcoming season
Volleyball championship in the league play the joensuu League-Bash leaves in October for the start of the series better starting point than a man's memory.
The team has been together already for almost three weeks.
Common ground found with certainty better than the previous season, when a series of beginnings have been Riennolle dark.
Riennon as head coach to continue My functioning enhances group praises new team of enterprising and coherent.
Foreign trio of medium combat Fred Muson start Riennossa the second season.
New faces are 23-year-old Murangwa Nelson and Hiago Garcha.
The rwandan national team appeared in Nelson's 205-inch chipper.
Garcha is, respectively, setter, brazilian is measuring 198 centimeters.
If the bar, Juniper and river boy through the USA national team
Anne Jumppanen has played in almost all the floorball world championships in 2003.
Now in Tampere are going to sixth games, only the 2013 miss Canada was better than the North American qualifiers.
I was in Turku at work and playing there a woman in the company, when I noticed a notification.
The USA was founded floorball national team.
I became interested and here we are now, Jumppanen, 48, said.
Jumppanen was born in 1967 near New York Elizabeth city.
The family moved to Helsinki when she was a year old.
In 1987, Jumppanen from the Joensuu university to study data processing.
When I came to the mouth of the River, so that species is still not championship level play like floorball.
Bandy was played at the university.
I played juniper in basketball and later river boys hockey SM-series, Jumppanen remember.
Jumppanen played for the university in the company of floorball CHAMPIONSHIP series season 1991-92, following three seasons spent Josbassa.
Playing along with he coached the club's A-a girls state championship.
Women's SM-series of his career culminated in silver in 1995.
In total, Jumppanen played in the women's SM-series 10 period, the balance accumulated 169 match 51+34=85.
The last SM season there is 2001-2002.
Bert Bush and Tatu Väänänen was named to the national team
Joensuu floorball club if the bar's raised Perttu Bush and enolaislähtöinen Tatu Väänänen was selected according to the Finnish national team, which will play the Czech republic Brno EFT-the tournament 6.-8. November.
- Helsinki period in the offensive 25-year-old Bert Bush has played this game before the six men's caps, which he has accumulated a total of power points 9+4=13.
Swiss Wiler-ersigen the 32-year-old defender Tatu Väänänen has recovered from thigh trouble and to hear the national team's standard equipment 117 caps of experience.
The national team was also named the Tennessee game brothers a veteran player Mika Kohonen, who was seen in Finland-shirt the last time last December's world championships.
Floorball national team head coach as works bear located in lahti, Petri Kettunen.
Beach volley -a virtuoso of the Essi Hasun circle closes Kouvola - SM-gold missing from the prize closet
Essi Hasu is quitting beach volleyball -as a player at least temporarily the end of the current period.
Beach volley Finnish championship will be settled this weekend kouvola's sports park.
During the three days of medal play, as well as adults that young people series.
Cooperation in Kouvola flight player and the Finnish volleyball association to organize the SM-finals of the tournament qualifying for each series of ranking the top six pairs.
Local color in the tournament to represent the Local YMCA raised Essi Hasu, who has been part of the Finnish beach volley -highs for several years.
Today in Helsinki, a resident of Hasu's looking forward to the games familiar in front of an audience.
I hope as many as possible from the weekend into the stands.
Pesisstadionille is certainly becoming a great arena.
I'm not an adult series so often played in Kouvola didn't, so it's great to play in the final home on the corner, Hasu alone.
The kouvola region lit Hasun spark to the sport and give a good lunch to a great hobby.
Childhood has in mind the good memories.
I started volleyball at the age of 9 Elimäki YMCA E-girls.
Uppermost is the mind too big jersey, ankles rotating knee pads as well as the staggering ace screams and the choreography point after, Hasu recalls.
A small town sports club was a tight-knit community, where everyone knew each other.
Group spirit created an environment where it was comfortable to play.
All the families were strongly involved in the activities - team friend's dad coached us, and our mother had long club chairman.
Essi Hasulle beach volley was already a junior during the natural species of choice for indoor volleyball.
The curve of the pond at the beach is played to the beach in the early 1990's.
Käyskillä action has always been active.
I also went to self-monitoring junior CHAMPIONSHIP tour event of the thought that one day I would myself there to play.
Now this dream is realized, when the Hasu play the weekend along with pieksämäkeläisen Anniina Parkkinen with the SM-finals.
Riikka Lehtonen and Taru lahti after the tournament, the second-ranked duo's goal is clear.
As a realistic objective for us is to medal.
SM-gold, we are still missing a prize from the cabinet, Hasu throw cryptic.
Weekend occurrence in Kouvola might be Hasulle the last familiar in front of an audience.
At the beginning of September waiting for new challenges siviilityö.
Yes international career over is the race of the cliff after the tournament.
Anyway, flip flops are put on a nail, at least temporarily, Hasu designs.
Plunging flow crashed tents with disabilities event in Joensuu, disaster was close
Plunging flow crashed three tents with disabilities Parafest festival in Joensuu, finland.
The newspaper Karjalainen, according to four people were injured in the accident.
One child was transported for further treatment to the hospital.
Karjalainen the tents had a total of about 200 people.
Together with the big tent was going on in the show.
Two tents were smaller.
The accident occurred on Friday at 17.
Karjalainen challenge by the on duty fire chief Markus Viitaniemi told the newspaper that the situation had the ingredients for a major accident.
According to the newspaper the event the sequel is at stake.
The first row seats Los Angels Central library's stunning architecture
To learn more about the downtown Central Library-library history, when the Society of Architectural Historians -the organization of the Southern California Chapter hosted the gathering of Arnold Schwartzman, and Stephen Geen with. They are a recent ”Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture” -book authors.
The program according to Gee and Schwartzman discuss and share pictures of Bertram Goodhue in 1926 plans, as well as Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates in 1993, restoration of and additional to the building.
A gathering will be held on August 21. day at 14-16 Salle Modernessa Art Deco Southwestern School of Law school (former proximity to bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants will get a tour of the central lobby, the style of the period rooms, a cactus-stay rooms and teehuoneeseen.
Advance tickets required: $ 15 for SAH/SCC members, $ 25 for non-members.
Open, industrial attic DTLA in the eu will experience a comfortable shape change
Los Angeles Central Library 90. birthdays are celebrated, what else than a new book
Solomon Koli went on boldly with farmers
Agricultural enterprises means risk-taking, sweat and gumption.
A young farmer, Solomon Koli, 25, started the agricultural entrepreneur, because he believes in the positive future also in rural areas.
Koli started two years ago together with her little brother Valtteri koli with the operation of their home to their a continuous.
Their father Markus Koli assists and advises the brothers to have their own experience.
Rural entrepreneur starting meant debt and farm size increase, so that the bread can be hand agriculture.
This has been my little boy since that's my thing.
I've always been doing the happy farm, and now when I start myself as an entrepreneur, so I have put everything in the game.
If something to start, so I think it should be done seriously and properly.
In 2013 we went to build a loose housing barn, and initially, the bank will not be enthusiastic about the matter.
I myself however really feel free to join the project and I've been in that moment, Solomon Koli explains, adding that would not have taken action if he had not had the faith of a pure Finnish food production and the fact that it will be all right.
Meat cars the growth of the Solomon koli's objective is to invest in a bigger barn.
The work has paid off, as Solomon Koli has been selected among the top ten Rural Future -the magazine of the young food producer in the competition.
Currently he competes in a possible victory.
Him from the vote on the journal website at 21.8. until.
Bulgaria to announce the inflation rate for the first time in eight months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % in July.
This is the highest reading in years (since June 2012) and the first reading above zero since October last year, when it was announced positive by 0.2 %.
The annual average inflation, measured by the cost-of-living index, was in the last 12 months -0,8 % (August 2015 - July 2016), when compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
July 2016 cost-of-living index was 101,0 % compared to June 2016, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0 %.
The beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) the inflation rate has been of -0.2 %, and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2 % compared to July of 2015.
Compared to the previous month, in July 2016 following the consumption of goods in the price was observed to rise: food and non-alcoholic beverages (by 1.7 %), transport (by 1.8 %), recreation and culture (by 6.3 %), restaurants and hotels (by 1.2 %), miscellaneous goods and services (by 0.3 %).
Prices fell in clothing and footwear (by 2.2 %), furniture, household items and routine maintenance (by 0.5 %), health (by 0.1 %).
Prices remained unchanged from the previous month with the same level of alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication and education.
Snapchatin ”anime”-effects reviews on asian karikatyyriksi
Snapchatin according to the anime, has acted as a source of inspiration for the filter, but some observers say it is racist.
Lens tool with the help of their Snapchat allows approximately 150 million daily user of reality editing, and identity play in ways that are almost ridiculous.
You can change yourself ananakseksi, a dog or a character that fits a Roy Liechtenstein painting.
The lenses are simple, the facial features väänteleviä tools, which produce more than 30 million improved selfie of the day.
All illusion-step up quickly to public documents.
Snapchatin lenses has previously criticized the charges, that the application to advertise the blackface - i.e. ”black face”-a mask or favors bleached complexion beauty as an ideal.
So when Snapchat ad in this week for some users the lens, which gives them slanted eyes, crooked teeth and chubby cheeks, some critics called it racist karikatyyriksi asian people ”yellow-face”, i.e. yellowfaceksi.
And they wonder, could these repeated polemiikit be a sign of the company's biggest problem regarding diversity.
News and outcry spread wide on Wednesday, The Verge and mother board's reports, days later, Snapchat said to wind that he had feature.
The company offers an explanation: the Lens was meant as a tribute to the anime characters, not karikatyyriksi asians.
But the racism experienced observers of the lens was a reminder of the offensive stereotypes in action.
Others banned the anime in comparison vehemently.
Grace Sparapani, a Korean-american art student, which tweets photographs circulated widely, said the email that the lens was "the least offensive and uncomfortable”.
He added that ”it is difficult to argue against the comparison, which are adjacent to each other outrageous asian caricature and filter effects”.
It shows that the filter is not only yellow, but the yellow face taken to the extreme of degrading a new one.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural trip wires.
American culture seems to be caught in the endless struggle with diversity and inclusion, corporations boardroom to Hollywood and devices, where all we carry in our hands.
And Snapchatin a huge, racially parents diverse young audience can mean that they're even more likely to expect to understand the attitude.
25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview Thursday that when one Snapchatin lenses create the user from the infringing image, ”for these guys is much more difficult to be inconspicuous”.
On Thursday, Zhu, Mediumille working with the product manager and engineer, I decided to remove Snapchat account and urge others to do the same.
Essay in Mediumille and a telephone interview he said he believes that race-related disputes reflect Snapchatin hiring practices, diversity, deprivation.
Zhu reviews the company mainly white, male-led, and decided to his essay on the hashtag #delete snapchat (#delete snapchat)
”Either they don't have a person in my diversity of different skin color representation, which is why they are capable of making this kind of decision”, a chinese-american Zhu said, ”or they have a different skin color with the representatives of the work, but they are not in a position where they would feel safe or be able to talk directly.”
Other observers share his opinion, the complaint, which Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
The company does not make public figures on staff diversity, pointing out its status as a private company.
Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss staff racial backgrounds, but a representative, according to the company hired some time ago a recruiter to focus on aliedustettuihin population and to push forward the internal integration efforts.
For their part, Zhu said that to keep Snapchat accounts will be closed, adding: ”do you think so, that they in fact need more people like us users to be able to say that this is not ok.”
The congressional panel, according to military officials distorted the Isis intelligence
On Thursday a report published in the congressional panel said the authority of the United states armed forces in the war zone to the headquarters of the editing of intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the Iraq and Syria war Isis against, than what the facts on the ground justified.
The house of representatives armed forces committee of the republican president, the intelligence committee and defense appropriations subcommittee of the task force established by the interim report found ”widespread dissatisfaction” headquarters intelligence analysts among them, who said that supervisors tampered with their assessments of american efforts to defeat Isis.
The headquarters, known as Centcom, is one the armed forces of the war zone headquarters Florida in Tampa, which oversees U.s. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
”High-value more centcom's leaders approved by the intelligence outputs typically gave Us counter-terrorism efforts to a more positive image than what the place on the facts justified. They were systematically more positive than the intelligence community other factors produce analyses”, reports the press release said.
”Centcom's events are unacceptable - our fighters in the war suffer, when bad analyses presented to high-ranking decision-makers”, representative Ken Calvert, a California republican, said.
Centcom's leadership failures reaching right to the organization to the top.
Ten page report describes in detail the constant problems of the headquarters of the descriptions and analysis in the U.s. efforts to train iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not give a clear evidence that the Obama administration's highest-ranking administrative authorities had ordered a report on the tampering, it describes the analysts feel, like centcom's leaders would put them under pressure to describe the islamic state, Isis, the threat posed by a more positive light.
”In 2015, the entire first half-time, many headquarters press releases, statements and certificates in congress were considerably more positive than the events themselves”, the report said.
Centcom's authority, for example, the statement publicly that a major offensive on Mosul to retake the can be started even as early as April or may 2015.
Mosul, iraq's second largest city, is still in isis's possession.
”After months of investigation after this is very clear,” representative Mike Pompeo, a Kansas republican, said in the statement.
Mid-2014 to mid-2015 of United states armed forces in the war zone, the headquarters of the high value of the intelligence leaders were manipulated by the headquarters of the intelligence outputs mitigate the Isis threat in Iraq.
The republicans created the task force after hearing that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence information about islamic state was manipulated.
Thursday as a published report to follow the more extensive results of the investigation in progress.
The defense department inspector general has begun an additional, ongoing investigation of centcom's intelligence.
The house of representatives intelligence committee democrat members announced Thursday its findings that were consistent with some of the republican working group's final conclusions.
”Between 2014 and 2015 Centcom created Isis and Iraqi security forces intelligence ratings too isolated process,” representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's leading democrat, said in the statement.
Schiff suggests that this process”, a prolonged reconnaissance of the outputs to publish a” reduced mood, according to analysts among and not ”give enough space to the divergent perspectives”.
Schiff and the democrats said that they did not find evidence that the White house was trying to put pressure on centcom's analysts to reconcile its conclusion on the ”pre-set or political narrative”.
The Daily Beast reported Tuesday, the congressional investigation of the preliminary results.
Last August, The New York Times reported that the pentagon's inspector general has launched an investigation into the Centcom analyst of complaints after.
Commander Patrick Evans, the Pentagon representative, said in the statement that the ministry of defence does not comment on congressional report so long as the inspector general's investigation is ongoing.
But, he said, that ”the experts are in between disagree, complex information interpretation, and the intelligence community and the defense department keep a healthy dialogue on these essential national security topics welcome”.
Research has other repercussions, than just what comes to the question of whether the Us-led bombing operations in Iraq and Syria successful (such as the growing number of defence authorities are now claiming).
Last year, accusations are questioning how much president Obama can rely on headquarters to provide honest assessments of Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis areas, war action.
The islamic state's intelligence review reflects more than a decade ago, controversy, when Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote in a research article, which said that despite several analysts ' objections, president George W. bush's administration supported a small army in Iraq and spent very little time wondering what the consequences of the 2003 invasion would be.
Hooker had a key role also in the revolt from the islamic state of intelligence data.
According to the authorities, last year, hooker's group concluded that, despite to the contrary of public opinion, air strikes, islamic state controlled refineries were not significantly weakened the terrorist group in the economy, because it had built a makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September that this discovery does not, however, been told the headquarters of the outside.
Centcom's then-commander, general Lloyd J. Austin III:tta, was criticised last year after many legislators keep his testimonies to the senate ylipositiivisen assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April, and his headquarters became general Joseph L. Votelta.
The united states won for the fourth time in a row the women's field hockey engineering a showdown with Britain
The day after was done with three goals in the team's victory in the Japanese 6-1, Katie Bam did on Thursday, the U.s. women's field hockey team the first two goals of the american victory in the Indian 3-0.
Five goals in two games sounds forget matt's own achievement, but the 27-year-old Bam said, I wasn't sure whether he had previously done the same.
”I have no idea," he said.
”I'm actually not the kind of person who keeps track of his goals from.”
But this she knows: the Americans are 4-0 in the olympic tournament and they split the group in first place with Britain, which was still unbeaten after winning on Thursday the Japanese 2-0.
Britain and the united states will face Saturday in the first round in the last game.
Both teams have survived to the quarter finals, and this game will determine who ranks first and who second in their six team group.
First place wins to avoid the strongest of the Dutch, another group leader, a slightly longer quarter-finals.
Matter how Saturday's game ends, the americans have raised a stir with surprising success here, four years after they missed the London olympics final 12 team.
Bam was on that team.
He grew up in Pennsylvania Blue Bell and pick up a field hockey stick in his hands for the first time 3-year-old (he's older twin sister were playing a species of drexel in) related to national team at age 16, when he became its all-time youngest player.
He was not included in the 2008 olympics, because didn't get the final player list.
In 2012, nothing was going for him and his teammates.
The following year, englishman Craig Parnham was appointed as coach, and things began to change.
”Culture change, mental change, physical change,” Bam said.
We don't in London had a similar pace of work as we have now.
We have done a u-turn.
Thursday night, Bam started the first-half scoring rystylyönnillä close to the goal.
India had come into the game in the air any win in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly hard and kept the situation 1-0-in the third installment of until the end, when Bam took control of the situation.
He carried the ball to long field on the left wing, then circled around the middle and wrenched the ball into the goal taking the americans to a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
This zero game was the tournament's first U.s. goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three wins.
He is in good tune.
So is Bam.
”We are now in a good situation,” Parnham said, but its goodness depends on Saturday's game outcome.
Trampoline of peace the olympics frenzy in the middle of the
Wherever you are, whatever time it is, the olympics are running.
Rio de Janeiro events seem continual and inevitable, fierce competition and the efforts of the message.
And like the olympic torch would be a flaming baton, which is passed to the bowman swimmer and voimistelij under triathlonistille.
It is impossible to put on the television, read the newspaper or listen to the next conversation café's in the queue without that to hear Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos’between the european hostilities.
And then there are Logan Dooley.
Dooley, olympic first timer, and a heartbreaker smile bumps, could very well be one of those all familiar names, which will be presented in prime time and which carry the sponsor agreement as well as the feel-good tv ads - if he was a swimmer, gymnast or even a swordsman.
But California Lake Forest from the Dooley, 28, competes for olympic gold on the trampoline.
The olympic flame is lit all the species as much.
The farther from the center, in partial shade, are those species, which all are generally accepted: air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We always have the breaststroke, long it long live.
But if I may make a moderate number of special favorite of mine, I would like to draw attention to the trampoline hillittyyn charm.
Although the trampoline has been an olympic sport since 2000, when it made its first appearance in the Sydney olympics, its presence is between over the past 16 years the attention of so little, that many of the people I interviewed, didn't realize at all it was the olympics of the species.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Although the united states has sent athletes to compete in the sport, it has never won that medal, and the athlete advanced to the finals before the year 2012.
The chinese and the russians usually share the men, the chinese and the canadian women's medals.
This year, china's Dong Dong and canada's Rosie McLennan defenders of London gold medals.
The trampoline was, however, associated with a certain underdog charm, partly because of the uncivilized ear it sounds better suited to clown school than the olympic games.
Here I must confess that I'm not an expert, I'm just a flightless fan.
The species is a potential funny new, as we can see a cartoon film of the end of non-pomppujen vibe, but it also has the gymnastics and the diving grace, the two species, which it basically combines the.
The word ”trampoline” comes from the Spanish word el trampolín, which means springboard.
Championship goal of the rookies are jumping in a giant trampoline up to nearly 30 feet in height, and they will perform a spinning series of movements (translation, layouts and somersaults) and finally landed on his feet.
Official olympic program, according to their evaluation of execution, difficulty, and ”flight time” basis.
The rio will compete with 32 athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women.
General olympic direction is straight forward.
A medal I hope the need to go for the gold while looking for further, faster, up and over - sometimes paint, sometimes back and forth around the field.
They don't hunt just the finish line or the start of a wall, but also, in a televised news coverage, repeat to make a mockery of the cross: the world or olympic record.
This resolute pursuit is noble, admirable, and even fanatical - and it can get up to the viewer to tears.
But it is also the reason why the race of looking at it can be a little exhausting.
A trampoline offers a moment of rest in this.
The trampoline is up.
The goal is not to move forward.
Competition on the rise new rise affecting weightless like an astronaut, going up, then down, then effortlessly again up.
This does not, of course, lack of competition and difficulty, but during the program is not a fierce rush towards the end, not jumps into the distance, only time and gravity of dreamy, melting the interruption.
It is as close to a zen space, than what the olympics can be achieved.
Women's qualifier competition and then the finals will be conducted Friday afternoon broadcast begins at 13 (ET), men's race to come on Saturday also at 13.
NBC broadcast the finals as part of the afternoon its repertoire from the clock 14 both days.
Olympic fever in the middle of the they offer a quiet, pleasant moment, which probably was not noticed in the general chaos.
And if awareness is achieved only by providing a male athletes stare at and as a material for recycling (such as the Us male gymnastics some time ago suggested by The Wall Street Journal), Dooley just waiting for the sighed, satisfying new fans.
”Generations of protest” in Ethiopia, which is the U.S. long-term allies
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Political change in Ethiopia demanded the protesters have faced government violent resistance.
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of protesters have been shot dead with the police happened in the clashes.
Is Ethiopia in the fracture?
During the last decade it has been one of Africa's most stable states, the west's strong allies, whose economy is growing rapidly.
In recent months the government opposed the protests have, however, shaken the country levitessään more regions.
Last week alone, thousands of people rushed to the streets to demand fundamental political change.
Human rights groups, according to the government's response was relentless.
Witnesses said that police shot and killed dozens of unarmed protesters.
Spread, demonstrations, recorded videos, which is believed to be the last year in the end or the beginning of this year, show how the safety authority are hitting the sticks of the young people at the same time, when these were forced to stand with their hands against the wall.
The united nations pääihmisoikeusviranomainen now requires a thorough research.
”This country together was always difficult, and in the future it will be even more difficult,” said Rashid Abdi, who is the horn of Africa project manager for the International Crisis Group research group.
Ethiopia is Nigeria after Africa's second most populous country, and the west will appreciate its stability.
America's military and intelligence services cooperate closely with ethiopia with the fighting in the area of terrorist threats against particular in Somalia, and there is hardly any African country receives so much western help.
The ethiopian economy has grown at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has improved extremely much, and the capital Addis Ababa there is even a new commuter train.
The city streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
Although not Ethiopia have, however, been a model of democracy pictures. Human rights organisations have constantly been talking about government oppression, the country's opposition has been limited, and dissent is silenced effectively.
Many have been expelled from the country, imprisoned, killed or driven far away from the desert.
But this may be changing.
”If you repress the people, and they have no other option than to protest, this was going to happen”, Seyoum mulat teshome, a university teacher in Central Ethiopia, said.
The whole youth protest.
One generation to protest.
The complaints are many and cover everything from land use to the ruling coalition's power in a chokehold.
In recent years much criticism of the election after the ruling party and its allies got the last of the opposition of the place, and now it holds all the seats in the parliament.
At the same time tensions on the Eritrean border are increasing. This tense and disputed border along the fight requires hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which in recent years more or less defeated, can try to use the turmoil to arm ourselves again.
Numerous factors explain why the year beneath the surface of bumping after the bitter feelings are now about to explode.
The first affected by the seemingly harmless: smartphones.
Only in the last few years, large number of ethiopians have been able to communicate through social media, when the cheapest smartphones have become commonplace and the internet service improved.
Even if the government would shut access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often does, especially during demonstrations, many people can still message location hide the network proxy through the.
Many young ethiopians said that in this way they gathered in the demonstrations.
Secondly, ethiopia's two largest ethnic groups, oromot and amharat, get along much better with each other.
Oromot and amharat are not natural allies.
For a very long time amharat, who came to ethiopia in the predominantly christian highlands, success in politics and in business, using the advantage of the oromo, many of whom are muslims and who live in the lowlands.
But this too is changing.
”We're on our way towards the organisation under one umbrella”, oromojohtaja Mulatu Gemechu said.
The biggest demonstrations have been in the amharic and oromoalueilla.
Many amharat and oromot think that Ethiopia is dominated by shabbily tigre-people belong to. People covers about six percent of the population and dominates the armed forces, intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third cause of unrest is Meles Zenawi loss.
Meles, a former rebel leader, was the prime minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until, when he died the secret of the disease in 2012.
He was regarded as a tactical genius, a man who can see around corners.
Analysts say that he was particularly qualified to observe the early discontent of characters and the use of secret envoys opponents in the harmless making.
”Regime zero is not like basic instinct,” conflict analyst Abdi said.
The new ethiopian prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was picked as a relatively unknown to fulfill Meles’n boots.
Unlike Meles, who was a native of Northern ethiopia, the tigre-area, Hailemariam is from the south.
Analysts say that the tigre of control by the security services don't trust him.
Many fear that this may lead to increased bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia had such turmoil in power since 2005, when thousands were protesting the elections, which according to analysts was affected by it, that the government's first botched and after robbing them.
In the ensuing crackdown, many protesters died, although less than in recent months, and that unease of the period went by relatively quickly.
Development experts have praised the Ethiopian leaders with vision for infrastructure design, such as new commuter trains, and the significant advances in poverty in the reverse in the battle.
But clearly, this has not stopped the country's internal Ethiopian government contempt potentiation.
And now it starts to get dangerous, ethnic the shape.
Last month, protesters amharic-city Gondarissa attacked tigre owned companies attacked, and tigre anti-hate is becoming more common on social media.
Analysts say that the protests have put the united states and other western allies of bungling the drive.
The american government has used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights to neighbouring Somalia, although it some time ago said that he shut this base.
Although the western countries clearly want to support democracy, they also do not want to already unstable region allies plummet.
”This,” Abdi said, ”it is a real balancing act.”
Donald Trump explains Obama-based on-Isis-claims ”sarcasm”
Donald J. Trump tried to suppress the latest campaign to take over the dispute on Friday by claiming that he wasn't serious when he this week numerous times insisted that president Obama and Hillary Clinton were the islamic state terrorist group ”based”.
The statement sparked new questions about the republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate clearly with the american public.
It also set his guard, who have fought has been to defend her stormy period, in the difficult position where they have to explain the remarks, which he does not necessarily mean.
On Wednesday evening a campaign meeting to make the allusion of after Trump said the same thing increasingly in Thursday's interviews, in which he insisted that his intention really was to say that the president and Clinton created Isis.
Early Friday morning the Twitter-published in Trump, however, said that he was just being sarcastic.
The release was a reversal from the previous day, when Trump said in several interviews he was really serious accusation.
When conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt trying to help Trump flare point about reminding him that Obama wants to destroy Isis, the republican presidential candidate taken this fell on deaf ears.
The last review of the storm comes a situation where Trump has sought to re-focus its campaign on the economy of falling opinion poll results in the middle.
Trump and Clinton fighting speaking about the economy this week in Michigan.
On Friday, Trump tried once again return to the topic.
Escape again to Twitter, he warned that clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes, and that he liked the speech boring before.
Trump has a history of using the sarcasm defense.
Late in July, after she faced widespread criticism for apparently suggesting that the russians should be hacked Clinton e-mails, he later explained the comments by saying ”of course I'm being sarcastic”.
The approach makes it possible that Trump can take a political speech on the borders and then return back when required.
”I think that it is a model, which he tested on certain messages that are important to his fans. He looked at how they work and then ’clarify’ in one direction or another depending on the reaction,” said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who has been following both candidates ' use of language.
But I also think that he is a clever opinions with respect and to know that they are vague enough so that they can be filtered a number of different lenses through.
Instead, that would alleviate says the high turnout of the audience for Trump in recent days has been former sapekkaampi, when his popularity has continued to decline.
New, Friday released NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll survey showed that Trump lags Clinton behind considerably in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and that the race is tight in Florida.
Although Trump as a rule, seeks to avoid sorry to say any provocative things, he often blames arvostelijoitaan words wrong comprehension or sense of humor being misunderstood.
His face still closer examination of the presidential campaign over the past few months, Trump's a joke, you have forced his loyal allies in the uncomfortable position where they have to publicly support him regardless of how provocative his comments are.
New york's former mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, which is one of Trump's most prominent supporters, saw a lot of effort defending the candidate from the CNN in an interview Thursday.
”I believe that in his words is real, political comments”, Giuliani said, when asked about the veracity related to Trump's claim that as Obama and Clinton are based on the islamic state.
It is true in the sense that before Obama Isis was almost unknown, small organization, which he called an amateur, completely wrong, and that's why this happened, because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream republicans try to claim that the Obama administration, where Clinton worked for the foreign minister, allowed isis to get worse, because it was unable to effectively handle the situation in the Middle East.
Before Pennsylvania Friday meetings Trump continued Twitter attack toward the news media, who will grind his every word and are biased against him.
He mocked ”poor, pathetic” television experts, who are trying to get him out, saying ”They will not succeed!”
Some democrats mocked Trump excuses new evidence that he is unfit to be president.
Previously closed cafe return to green point
Verb Cafe was grubby, cash only, accepting a place in williamsburg, where there was no wireless network, but that provides good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, the Bedford Avenue the street was too expensive.
The business, which replaced the Verb in the summer of 2014, Soap Cherie, sell cup cake shaped soaps.
Locals bemoan it the last loss of the middle class in order to redevelop the way in the city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter: ”New York is change, I know, but I still can't believe, that CBGB is dead, and Chelsea, the Hotel is overwhelmed and the Verb is now a soap shop.”
But if New York is change, but it is also re-inventing.
Revived the Verb opened last November in green point, less than a mile away from the original location.
A new Verb has wifi and you can pay with a credit card, but some of the staff is still the same and there is the same fancy carpet atmosphere.
Coffee is still good.
New Verb leads to Cisco Rodriguez, the old café a long-time employee, who is the new owner and general manager.
He started in the Verb in 2001, and was there until the end.
When a customer offered to finance him in a new place, he said he was excited.
Rodriguez, 36, have many things unchanged.
Verb to use the same bagelien supplier and buy the same model of espresso machine.
It even used the old form of the Verb lights.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to try.
He brought new ingredients.
The food on the menu bacon-egg-cheese sandwiches, and coverings, for example, the capers and browned onions.
The bowls have brown rice.
The cafe no longer served beer, but they make fresh juices.
Nine months, Rodriguez said he's noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
”Williamsburg was too expensive also for many former customers,” he said.
One recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived before in williamsburg and went to a regular Verb.
After he moved to green point, he wandered into the café.
He said that the Verb closed he gave up for a while coffee drinking.
”I realized that I enjoy the verb of the coffee and the culture,” he said.
Now he is back with the coffee, although on that day he ordered a plain iced coffee instead of a blended chai drink, which is one of the new additions.
Another long-time customer, Tom Rosenthal, went in the Verb faithfully since 2003.
He went there before work and do always the same order.
”Every day, fifteen more than seven, regular as clockwork, I went in and they were preparing the spicy bagel with my butter,” he said.
Photo. Rodriguez said that he wanted to do experiments and bring new ingredients to the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still makes the usual orders, but sometimes he due to fluctuations in the space-spicy bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said he didn't hold a grudge soap the store, which took possession of the old premises.
in fact, Soap Cherie the owners offered to prepare verb for the special soap, which would be used for an ingredient in the cafe of cold extracted coffee.
”I think that we can still seize the offer,” Rodriguez said.
And green point traditional Polish residents have also adopted a cafeteria.
One of these new customers turn the menu in Polish, and Rodriguez said that he plans to introduce it soon, up to a point in order to get a new neighbor feel welcome.
The new location has other advantages.
Local juice place wants to bottle and sell cold extracted coffee.
It is possible, that the cafe is expanding to an adjacent building.
For many customers it is enough that they get their old favorites in a new Verb.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and say, I was heartbroken when the place shut down.
When the new place opened, Whitt said that he felt as if he'd come home walking in and ordering a coffee.
”I had missed getting to smell it,” he said.
A Square Meal: depression, crippling food
In march 1933, soon to be president when Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to eat lunch in the oval office.
Herkkusuuna president Roosevelt had sophisticated Fifth avenue of food, such as goose liver pate, and the maryland terrapin soup.
That day, his diet was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and for dessert, plum pudding.
”It was a culinary act of solidarity with people who suffer”, Jane Ziegelman said.
Her spouse, Andrew Coe, added: ”It was also a message to americans about how we should eat.”
Brooklyn Heights resident couples is the food historians.
Coen's last book, Chop Suey, told the chinese food in America, and Ziegelman tells the story of life on the Lower East Side apartment house of food season book 97 Orchard.
Their latest collaboration, A Square Meal, which Harper will publish on Tuesday, is a history of the american food of the 1930s during the great depression.
By showing some of their own culinary solidarity, they meet a vendor for dinner Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny, unsophisticated in the lunch bar in the flatiron building in the area, which has been in operation since 1929 the stock market crash since.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese-olive sandwiches, and Coe, 57, took a dose of turkey, a side of mashed potatoes and vegetables.
When a reporter ordered the meatloaf, the couple see fit to discuss depression eating.
”Murekkeet were very popular”, Ziegelman said.
Was peanut loaf, liver loaf, papumureketta.
They were made to prepare the substance and to some cheap ingredients, which extended the actual manufacturer of the substance.
Imagine eating so many peanuts, that they would become dinner.
Coe grimaced.
”It is certainly felt in the stomach leaden from,” he said.
In the years before the depression the americans on the table, especially in rural areas, was like a eat-as-much-as-you-can-pick-up table.
Women's groups are making food for male farm workers, and fresh pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The americans sent food to the starving europeans during the first world war. A Square Meal -the book chronicles the ways in which the nation cope with the fact that it suddenly was no longer the land of plenty.
”At that time, food became the central, oppressive subject to the americans”, Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally oppressive was the new, low-cost diet: a Mystery dish, such as murekkeista and boxes, main dishes, and the box was ”a great way to use leftovers”, mentioned Ziegelman, as the chefs were able to hide less attractive ingredients in the creamy sauce under a layer of.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
The meat, which was one year old american meals at the center, be sparingly dosed in a luxury product.
Special composed for the experiment was the number of calories and the nutrient content was more important than taste or even common sense in the kitchen.
In doing research are also recipes included in the book for the Ziegelman manufacturing era dish, with fried onions filled with peanut butter.
”It was not a popular extra at the dinner table,” Coe said.
Ziegelman stated: ”It was unreal.”
Peanut butter does not in any way fit into the fried onions.
This was characteristic for many household recipes.
Home economic experts, such as Louise Stanley, federal home financial agency director in the years 1923-1943, directed the country's eating habits more than ever before or after.
Published recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encourage women to start ”budjetoijien” and to meet the challenge of converting soseutetun spaghetti and carrots-like blobs like the taste as doses.
A Square Meal is the historical tidbit of the feast.
Especially tasty are the reports the government's reaction to the hungry citizens, including president Herbert Hoover let me eat cake attitude.
At the same time, when he publicly praised his childhood in simple, iowa types of common food, he dined as a sophisticated millionaire who she had become.
”He liked continental food, such as fish, cucumber sauce,” Coe said.
He ate almost gold-plated in the dining room wearing a tuxedo.
He was the greatest outdoors of all.
President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake, unless his wife, Eleanor, had encouraged him not to as an example in your own stomach.
As in the book, when mrs. Roosevelt hired the housekeeper, who had no interest in taste, from the White house to become a place that ”not only offered to Washington ankeimpia, but also suck more prepared food.”
Many of the early dining was rejected as soon as a country get back on its feet.
Inheritance is a constant focus of calories and nutrition, Ziegelman said, and the way how science applies to cooking.
The couple said that while writing the book, they reached a better understanding of the Ziegelmanin mother's eating habits, for example, about how he couldn't throw food away.
”He really was afraid of food waste”, Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: ”He even got sick of people.”
Event eclair incident.
After the plates were empty eisenberg in, he and Coe pulled out the dessert that they had prepared at home: a plum dessert, which president Roosevelt ate for lunch.
”It's called plum froth”, Ziegelman said, adding that the most common trick was to give requires with a recipe for a showy name.
Dessert no whipped cream, just prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All sank his spoon reluctantly sticky, brown liisteriin.
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
Coe santsasi time and another.
Sounds like a positive budjetoija he told his wife: ”a little chopped walnuts could help”.
Gileadilla replaced by lawyer costs of hepatitis C-patent battle Mercki against
The us district judge has ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to attorney's fees, which the eye caused hepatitis C-the patient in the litigation in the pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co. Inci.
In June, Gilead released 200 million dollars payments when they broke the two Merck patents, relating Gilead success medicines Sovaldi and Harvoni. This exemption followed it, when a u.s. judge found Merck's abuses, which include perjury and other unethical practices.
On Thursday submitted a judgment in the Us district judge Beth lab level Freeman said, that Gilead shall be entitled to free allowances, which it caused action, oppose.
Merck is trying to get caught up in Gilead, which dominates the market with a new hepatitis C drugs generation, which can improve clearly over 90% of patients with this liver disease.
The lawsuit dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck challenged each other to court to Gilead medicines for the active substance sofosbuvirin the basis for a laboratory's ownership.
The united states supported by a set say, that are taken over completely to Isis-controlled Manbij’n
The us-supported forces have taken over completely near the Turkish border to the north Manbij’n the city after the last remaining Isis fighters leave the city, the representative of the group said on Friday.
The syrian democratic forces (SDF) to examine now the city after the last of the city hiding from the fighter group left there.
The troops were released more than 2,000 civilian hostages, which the fighters hostage, sharf to Darwish SDF allied troops, Manbij's military council, told Reuters.
”The city is now completely under our control, but we have undertaken to investigate it,” he told Reuters.
Clintonit made of 10.75 million dollars in 2015, paid 34.2 percent in federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton released in 2015, their tax returns, which showed that the democratic presidential candidate and his spouse's income in that year were of 10.75 million dollars, and that their real federal tax rate was 34.2 percent.
In 2015 Clintonit donated millions of dollars to charities, mainly the Clinton Foundation, former president Bill Clinton earned almost 5.3 million dollar speaker compensation, and the former foreign minister announced that it had received 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster book, where he tells of his career in the foreign ministry.
Clinton's vice presidential candidate, senator Tim Kaine from Virginia with his wife Anne Holton with release 10 years of tax returns.
Their real federal tax rate in 2015 to 20.3%.
”Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine are set by the standards of economic transparency”, Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in the statement.
Steep contrast to this, Donald Trump is hiding in the false excuses behind and cancel the previous promise to each tax return their publication.
According to U.s. presidential candidates released their tax returns, even if the law does not oblige it.
The new york-based businessman Trump the law and his men are invoked by the tax administration of the audit the reason for the tax declaration of the disclosure of the refusal.
”Your turn”, the Clinton campaign assistant Ian Sams said on Twitter when publishing a link to democrat candidates tax declarations.
Thursday, Trump's special assistant, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he did not allow Trump to publish them before the audits are ready.
Trump's critics, including 2012 republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other republican colleagues, have said that his refusal raises questions about his capital, his donations to charity, his business, as well as numerous other ties to Russia, for example.
Clinton has addressed this issue with the release of Friday web video, which highlighted the prospects of republicans, who urged Trump to release his taxes.
On Thursday he raised the issue during the budget speech in Michigan.
”He refused to do it, which is every last decades of presidential candidates have done: released their tax returns,” he told the audience.
Politico has announced that it is Trump is not paid any or very little taxes in two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times business columnist quoted Friday as numerous tax lawyers and accountants, who said that the situation can still be the same.
The federal tax rate has become a problem in the presidential election.
Clinton has been supported by billionaire investor Warren buffett, according to a designated rule, which would ensure that more than a million dollars a year deserves to pay at least 30 percent in taxes.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
Clinton's meeting in Omaha, Nebraska last week, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway -the conglomerate located there, challenged Trump to meet and to exchange tax returns.
Buffett said that he also has the running of the tax administration amendment, and that Trump is ”afraid” of the tax collection agency, but voters.
The clinton campaign has released tax returns until 2007.
Today, the New York Chappaqua residents Clintonien the actual federal tax rate was about 32% in 2007 and 2014, and their actual combined tax rate was approximately 40.5 percent.
Clinton's tax return for the year of 2015 showed that only $ 100 of their income came from wages, unlike the majority of americans.
Their pääsijoituskohteensa was affordable, index-linked investment fund, and Clinton informed the 109 000 $ dividend and interest income.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh, editing by Jonathan Peccia
Chili powder, condoms and firecrackers effects to the Tanzania elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania are using unusual means to prevent elephants from wandering in people's areas - they throw the animals of chili powder in the completion of a condom.
The means has proved to be effective, and the idea several years ago invented the Honeyguide Foundation in conjunction with the american Nature to me at conservancy has stepped up its advertising by training volunteers in Northern Tanzania in the village to use non-violent four-step method to home and hundreds of the protection of the air, that the animals are injured.
In the past, many used their spears to protect themselves.
Friday is world elephant day, which is dedicated to these animals for protection.
”Ever since we developed the...tools, we have observed a change of attitude in these communities. They are now much more confident that they can keep elephants away from their fields without damaging them”, honeyguide's executive director, Damian Bell said in the statement.
The first two steps involve infiltrating the elephant demonstration with a flashlight and honking the horn.
If it does not prevent the animal, thrown on the so-called ”chili cloud”.
A condom filled with chili powder and ground blends as well as sähikäisellä, after which the condom twist the stick so that the only ignition wire remains visible.
When the condom is ignited, it will burst blow and showering chili powder dust in the air.
One whiff is usually enough to send an elephant in another direction.
Last resort is a timer, which fires into the air of a roman candle. Fireworks produce a loud, bright explosion.
RT News: Jewish filmmaker criticized berlin hotel, which removed israel's area code arab at the request of the
French, jewish background of the filmmaker unleashed a media storm after revealing that Berlin, Kempinski Bristol hotel, not listed on the Israeli area code. Worker, this is due to arab customers ”requests”.
About the holocaust Shoah-a documentary film made by Claude Lanzmann took her frustration out on berlin's Kempinski Bristol hotel, writing an open letter to the German FAZ-release.
The recent overnight stays during Lanzmann sought to find Israel hotels offering countries the number from the list.
The country is not mentioned, however, of the countries which I can call directly to the hotel room.
How can it be possible that in 2016 in Berlin, the new German capital, Israel has removed and wiped clean?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol offers the opportunity to call Israel their own phone centers through.
Explanation while searching for a filmmaker to bring it up at the hotel reception.
Lanzmann wrote that there obtained the answer to ”upset him”.
The hotel desk clerk said that it was ”Kempinski-hotel management-considered decision”.
The decision behind the reason caused the film-makers in even more consternation.
”Most of our guests are arabs, and they demanded israel to area code delete”, the employee is reported to have said Lanzmannin.
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the case ”the great vääryydeksi”, Zuddeutsche Zeitung reports.
”We were horrified and shocked by the incident.
It is already in itself a great injustice.
But an even bigger shame is that this happened in Germany and this particular hotel chain.
This does not need explanations.
We expect that the hotel will make the right conclusions”, the official said.
The incident produced quite a reaction online, when people called it a scandal.
Some claimed that the Kempinski hotel, simply ”give up” the arab clients of the alleged requirements.
”Shame on you”, it was said in another publication, where it was pointed out that the magnificent Kurfurstendamm street, the hotel stands the synagogue.
The hotel itself denied all the charges quickly and called the incident ”inattention” as well as ”apologize” Lanzmannin, Der Spiegel reports.
”Clear orders not to include israel in the speed dial list is never done,” Kempinski representative said the Suddeutche Zeitung says.
It adds that the area code is now added.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets on demonstrating brazilian students
Students are taking on Thursday with police brazilian Sao Paulo city, when students gathered to protest the government's public education system reforms.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The problems began when law enforcement tried to disperse the student population, which led to the fact that the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstration to express terror plans.
Sao Paolo state governor Paulo Geraldo Alckminin proposals, a little less than 100 public schools were closed down, and 300 000 students would be relocated to save money.
Some demonstration participants see the writing on the walls of interim president Michel Temerit anti-graffiti.
This last demonstration occurred only days after demonstrators took to the mobilization of one set of support posts from the arrested president Dilma rousseff on the country's senate voted on his impeachment.
RT Business: Russia and Iran trade between the sudden surges 71 %
Sanctions after the removal of Moscow and Tehran between the trade turnover has increased from 70.9 per cent compared to the previous year, says the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan.
After international sanctions imposed against Iran were lifted, the Russian companies are, to a large extent, shown their interest in transactions in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies continue their existing ties to Iran, while new companies have ready access to the market.
”Naturally, iran's two-way cooperation one of the main objectives is to trade expansion”, Dzhagaryan said.
He pointed out that in 2016 the first five months of Russian-Iranian trade turnover grew by 70.9 per cent compared to the year 2015 in the same period, therefore a total of 856 million dollars.
Especially the Russian exports to Iran increased to 91.5%, therefore a total of 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to 158 million dollars.
”The trade growth achieved in the machines, vehicles and weapons ordinance”, the ambassador said.
In addition, Dzhagaryan expect this year a record number of iranian tourists to Russia.
Last year, russia's foreign representative in Iran, granting to the citizens of Iran about 35 000 visas, mainly travel.
Iran was also the first time in the 20 countries with the largest number of tourists in Russia.
”I think it's safe to say that last year iranian tourists, a record number in Russia will break up,” he said.
At the same time, quite a few russians visit Iran, which the ambassador hopes to change.
”I can personally recommend the Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd cities to visit. They have preserved the ancient Persian civilization monuments in good condition,” he said.
Scot Callum Skinner plunged to the finish of the british caught in the cycling of gold
Scotland's Callum Skinner sped to glory in the men's team sprint in Rio, biking in the stadium last night, when the British team of the trio to defend his title in London in 2012.
Glasgow from the 23-year-old was an anchor role, with his scottish colleagues in the Sir Chris Roy to excel, the legend was a young man proud, as it sped to the finish to grab the win, the favorites, the New Zealand team.
Britain took a shock victory four years ago, at the same time when Hoy won the fifth of the six olympic gold.
And they repeated the trick sijoituttua modestly sixth march for track world cup in London, although Hoy has since decided racing career.
Beijing and London between the races, the problem was a special posted by Jamie Staff replacement.
This was achieved just in time, when Hindes appeared.
Hoyn end also created a vacuum, which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton are trying to fill.
Skinner was a man, with the British coaches got caught in front of the scot in the potential, which now is understood.
Hindes, Kenny - who win Hoyn with the championship four years ago - and Skinner are doing olympic record time-in time, but New Zealand took the lead in the first round.
And the british trio won the duel of gold.
Hindes was your round after narrowly behind, but Kenny pushed the team's lead, and Skinner were clinging to it.
The strategy change was a big part of the deformation, and it includes hindes was driving a bigger gear, so he would slow down and allow Kenny and especially Skinner to hold on to the pace.
Hoy followed the status of the BBC as an expert, and drew the attention of Skinner, Kenny and hindes's attention to them when he took the podium.
23-year-old from glasgow Skinner said: ”the Comparison is flattering.”
I'm just here to do my best and get my fame.
We made the finals of the olympic record and win the world champion.
It was absolutely incredible.
There may be better ways to win.
After winning the London 2012 Kenny and Hoyn alongside Hindes admitted that it was intentionally crashed on the track of a bad start.
He later pulled the comments back, and the British racing partner you have been complaining.
This time superior won't have similar problems.
Hindes said: ”it Seems when it would have been in London, when the pedestal was so much of great Britain tickets.”
As a team we can find a joint in the last three months.
We have lost so many world championships, so the olympic games, winning once again is simply stunning.
One event, one gold medal to the people who won seven in total, ten of the cycling species as well as in Beijing and London.
If this reflects the final five months of development, we expect successful five days of cycling in the stadium.
Kenny's shown a proper basis is not at all impossible to imagine him playing Hoyn trials, three olympic gold win at the olympics.
It would mean that Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also the born 23. march (that, apparently, the holy day of British sport, which is also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister's birthday) - medal total rose to six gold and one silver.
It would be the same as the Hoyl.
Kenny competes in next sprint, which starts today and lasts for three days.
Bolton native, the 28-year-old said: ”I Enjoy now just this one.
The team competition is always the best.
To win it together with your friends.
Alone winning is, frankly, lonely.”
Hindes said: ”If he wins another two gold medals, we should give him a knighthood.”
This was the day's only medal race, but the British got more good news.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull were the time-a time faster than four-person, four-kilometre team pursuit.
Their time was 3:51:943.
London 2012 gold-winning world record of 3:51:659.
The first round and the finals (22.42) held today, the second race, when Wiggins is certainly the center of attention.
He had a dispute with the judges last night before the time trials, when the clerk called him to the length measurement.
In the corresponding women's competition, which continues and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and milngavie's Katie Archibald are advancing the world record time for the clock to stop the time 4:13:260.
The British team has learned to trust that its an awesome cycling team to take over the olympic games in the middle part and achieve a whole bunch of medals.
Having presented in Beijing and in London a truly exceptional and the perfect management of expectations is the understatement before the Rio olympics.
The background has been in drama with minor have not been technical director, Shane Sutton, the difference in April, sexism - and the temptation charges, as well as suurhenkilö awards, such as the Hoyn and Victoria Pendleton, racing to the end.
Based on the first night of competition for cycling in the stadium, however, it seems that Britain's now legendary reputation rose to the pinnacle of a perfect moment would have to once again place.
The portland smelter in the future to question the electricity contract because of the reduction in
Portland victoria's aluminum smelter, as well as the hundreds of workers ' jobs, the future is uncertain, when the factory electricity distribution dominant electricity company revealed that one of the factory owners is decided by the distribution agreement, so it is expected of all distribution agreements surgery.
The measures follow the Victorian government earlier this year, a decision taken by the plant operation in keeping the required support is not extended.
20 year specified period, the subsidy will end in November.
Up to 2000 jobs could be in danger, alcoa's portland factory.
Up to 2000 jobs could be in danger, directly or indirectly, of the factory closure.
In addition, a snowball effect may be possible, as the smelter uses about 10% of victoria's total electricity production.
2014 Alcoa to close Point Henry smelter, which led to last year's angle sean power plant closure.
Alcoa's portland smelter lose money and is sulkemisuhan below.
The measures follow now already several years that speculation in the factory of the future, which began as a result of the strong Australian dollar and has recently been due to the factory production price.
AGL, which distributes electricity to a large aluminum smelter Latrobe valley is located in Loy Yang An power child said that it also expects the other three to the owner to decide on his contract.
Most of the factory owned by Alcoa and Alumina group, and the chinese CITIC and the japanese Marubeni Corp owning smaller shares.
”AGL expects the portland plant's continued operation, which means that the smelter physical electricity demand will continue,” it said.
FD:according to the agreements are the so-called ”hedging agreements”, which was supposed to come into force in November 2016.
Agreements have a 12-month notice period, so they run out of the actual year 2017.
”For that reason, AGL expects the contracts to produce results account year 2017”, the electricity company said.
All possible results effects of AGL for the fiscal year 2018 forward limit currently wholesale electricity prices in the futures market with strong prospects.
AGL said that it is already the ”end of anticipation” reduced value of the contracts to the accounting of its 187 million dollars.
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the contracts ”will not affect alcoa's ... the ability to keep the smelters in operation or security of the smelter electricity supply”.
The us company said that it signed 20-year agreement to Loy Yang in 2010, and that the agreement should enter into force in November this year, but it has not yet explained why withdraw from the contract.
Analysts have been alert to as well as in Victoria at portland smelter, also that Newcastle is close to Tomagon plant possible closure because the economic situation is poor.
Earlier this week AGL's operations manager Stephen Mikkelsen said analysts, that Portland uses each year about 600 mega watts of electricity and Tomagon about 900 megawatts.
”If both plants exit the market, this is a significant reduction in the [electricity] market demand.
Us producer of electricity, this would not be a good thing,” he said.
Kendall, not a mere Kardashianien reality tv star, is the September Vogue cover
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and mother-manager Kris Kardashian-Jenner clan, the fourth daughter, is the Us Vogue to the September issue cover.
Kendall, who is Estee lauder's brand ambassador and was a model in Milan, Paris and New York fashion week, announced the news Thursday on Instagram account.
”This deck watching a room full of people I love, made me cry,” Kendall wrote.
The cover announced to follow an eccentric (or maybe just Kardashianien style appropriate?), scripted reality video, in which the entire Kardashian-Jenner clan (excluding the problem cases, Rob and Caitlyn, and involving all of your favorite entertainment uncle, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) to forget about the sister deck, but which ended with a classic twist: they told me to see a surprise party.
It is in almost every children's television series ”the birthday episode” cliché plot pattern (Seacrest uttered the words ”you didn't think that we will forget you” morning cartoons bunny's credibility), but Kris got to get another girl to somehow benefit from this publicity.
This is because we have certainly moved to a new Kardashianien era in the September issue of vogue the place.
Kendall's big sister Kim may get on the cover of Vogue first (he shared it with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the magazine's September issue is just a class of its own.
Vogue's September issue is the size of the year's most-selling edition.
The thickness of more like a coffee table book than a fashion magazine, and number attracts a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista calculated that last year's 832-page opus on the 615 was the ad content).
Its cover star revelations is expected to so fiercely, that in the last two years, images from magazines have leaked before the official announcement.
Earlier women on the cover have included Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover has indeed been more ”celebrities, who act as models” as ”models who are celebrities”.
Oscar-winner and Dior ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, the year of Lady gaga in a place of honor.
But if you happen to be, that Jenner, which the magazine describes generation ”model of success”, would hit the first mentioned category, he is pretty good company.
These celebrities are not famous people, relatives, or reality stars or today's young people, who can make a good Snapchat video (although Jenner is all of this).
They are legitimately talented women who are successful in the entertainment industry.
Last year's cover model Beyoncé has been Lemonaden released a career of the strongest of the year.
Not everyone, of course, not pleased with jenner's success.
His reality tv history jenner's position in the world of fashion will always be ticklish.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour reviews Jenneriä and this colleague Gigi hadidi to calling them "this moment bitches”.
This feeling rose again to the surface of the Jenner Vogue cover.
But dissatisfied selling the bike is irrelevant.
Kendall Jenner is vogue's September issue cover.
She is a super model of the word in the purest sense.
He is a model for Marc Jacobs.
He sells you on Estee Lauder makeup cream.
She and all her sisters are selling pictures of themselves in their own, payment wall find in applications.
He sells pictures of Cindy crawford's daughter, which he took for LOVE magazine.
And in his spare time, possibly just to see sister Kourtney and his children, he is a reality tv star.
Community legal centers to turn in their annual out of the 160 000 people
More than 160 000 people most vulnerable are being turned each year out of the community legal centres, when the sector is preparing for the financing of additional cuts on already stretched operation.
In queensland three out of five people - mainly the elderly, immigrants, injured workers, victims of violence, those who do not have a chance to fight unfair evictions, and similar against - the turn is already out of their search for free legal advice and representation.
The community was already pushed to its limits stretching used legal services are preparing for further cuts.
Next year in June, these legal centres is the amount of lose 30 percent of federal funding.
Queensland community legal centres director James Farrell said that the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres -the calculation according to the report, thousands of people turned already out a year.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision is not reversed, the situation will only get worse.
”Queensland community legal centres are chronically underfunded, which means that every year thousands of people are being turned away from their needs of essential services,” he said.
People who are leaving violent relationships, which is uncontrollable and rampauttavia debt, separated families, unfairly fired workers - all these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they do not get the help they need.
The federal government cut funding by 30% in June 2017, which means that thousands of vulnerable queensland residents are forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
We appeal to the attorney general and queensland senator George Brandisi, that they immediately withdraw these funding cuts, so that people can get the help they need in legal problems.
Last year, the state government carried out its promise to raise legal aid funding, the national average level.
Now is the time to look at the community legal centre and their customer communities needs, and a piece of szczuka government will invest in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign was summoned to court after employees were allegedly threatened with a gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign was summoned to court on the fact that they allegedly did nothing after they were told that the campaign's North Carolina operations manager pulled a gun on employees in February and while driving in the Jeep.
The incident was described as the land campaign of the former software intern Vincent Bordinin lifting action on Wednesday in Charlotte to the state court.
Bordini said that he waited for months, that the situation would be dealt with internally, before I realized that ”it is not going to happen”.
Chief Earl Phillip ”took out a pistol, put right index finger on the trigger and push the barrel of vincent's knee to set a shattered kneecap against”, Bordini said in its application.
Having complained to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini heard that at least four other person had had a similar experience with Phillip, it was said in the application.
”Weapons don't need to trigger in order to damage”, Bordini said in its application.
The challenge comes just two days after republican presidential candidate caused outrage when he told the audience in North Carolina that ”the second amendment of the people” - which usually is perceived gun owners and guns toilijat - could take action, if his rival Hillary Clinton would be selected and would select the judges.
Trump's campaign said that the media has taken his words out of context, and that he did not support violence.
Bordinin challenge sought campaign on compensation for the negligent supervision, as well as Phillip violence, assault and emotional shock causing.
Trump's representative, Hope Hicks did not respond to a comment request immediately.
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, the local news subsidiary of Charlotessa report Phillip left recently from the campaign.
His consulting firm Innovative Consulting Services submitted the call request is not answered immediately.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign has been controversial.
The legal case is Bordini against Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division of Country of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
The british need to channel the olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow
Heathrow bring to the recovery and prosperity of the entire stomach, not just the local community and across London.
For myself this was Heathrow of great charm, as it was also the London 2012 games charm, when we saw a huge amount of effort to ensure that all of our people and our region would benefit from the games.
The olympic games brought about huge benefits to the Stratford and East Endille.
And we do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses in the Heathrow vicinity.
Only local communities creating 10 000 new training places and 40,000 new jobs, and the elimination of youth unemployment around the airport.
As well as before the London 2012 games, some of the times to come spoke that challenge to Heathrow expansion is too large.
I was told that the British would never have finished the race, and that that would put to shame before the world.
The skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they're going to be wrong at Heathrow.
Obstacles are always overcome, but Heathrow answer every question which it is presented.
Like the olympics, also Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many, not the few.
The extension is the possibility to create up to 180 000 new jobs and 211 billion. pounds economic growth, and to leave a skills and employment legacy as well as around the airport and around the Uk.
We have Heathrow amazing team that has taken 11 billion. pound infrastructure investment programme on time and budget: T5, who has been voted the world's best airport terminal your five in a row, the T2 one, which was built for the world's two busiest runways.
Now the team is ready to implement the third runway, supported by 16 billion. pounds of private money.
London olympic games 2012 were a great success for Britain, and I am convinced also that the Heathrow expansion is it.
It is time for us to channel the olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow, to ensure our trade future and to create a skills and employment legacy of which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the Heathrow Board chairman and former ministry of finance, the commercial secretary.
Adblock Plus and Facebook cat-and-mouse in ad blocking
For businesses that receive money from online advertising companies bypass ad blocking software are in the ”cat and mouse”, said one such program manufacturing companies.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ads to prevent the computer used on their website, Adblock Plus release blog post, which said that users can update the program filters prevent again ads on social network pages.
On Tuesday Facebook said that its website code to change the ads around, so that ad blockers would be more difficult to detect, which parts of the page are ads.
But now Adblock says it has toured the new code.
The blog post Adblock representative Ben Williams wrote that ”this kind of a back and forth battle to open the source code of the ads to prevent the community and its circumvention of intermediaries has been running ever since, when ad blocking was invented”, and that it is possible that Facebook comes up with its own solution soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has taken part in the battle, there is a strong indication of how the great grief of ad inhibitors have become the industry.
Worldwide, about 200 million use the ad-blocking, multiply last year Pagefairin and Adobe study. This is almost fourfold the amount spent on these programs in 2013.
To 1.03 million active daily users use Facebook on mobile devices, and mobile advertising now covers 84% of facebook's advertising revenue.
However, the company is a computer used for the pages of ad blockers behind, for mobile ad blocking not working Facebook mobile applications, social network or instagram which, the representative said.
Computer ads that are still enough revenue, so Facebook considers this a measure such as the value of the investment in order to.
Also Tuesday, Facebook said it would update the ”ad preferences”-työkaluaan to give people more control in terms of how ads targeted at them.
On Thursday Facebook claimed that Adblock new filters were a concern because they would prevent also part of the website other than advertising content.
”This is not a good experience for people, and we have plans to address the problem”, a Facebook representative said in an email statement.
Ad block are dull tools, which is why we have instead focused on building the Ad Preferences such as tools, which give management people.
A woman was hit by a car on a swiss highway, apparently a suicide due to
The victim was lying on the freeway in the middle of the night.
Police are looking for witnesses after a woman was hit on the freeway often a vehicle under Thursday's early hours of the case, which was apparently suicide.
The incident occurred the A1 road near Morges in Vaud canton just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman made a ”desperate deed” and settled in the dark to lie down on the road where he was hit several vehicles, Vaud police said in the statement.
The victim, who clearly tried to kill himself, was a 49-year-old swiss woman, which hit several vehicles, including a truck.
He died at the scene.
Several event-related drivers have already been questioned, but all have yet to be identified, told the police that appealed to them and all the scene witnessed witnesses to make themselves known.
A criminal investigation has been started, what is ”logical” step in a situation like this, the lawyer Gilles Hoffstetter told Le Tribune de Genevelle.
”However, it remains to be seen if anyone involved drivers charges.
Was it possible to avoid the collision?
It remains the prosecutor's settlement”, Hoffstetter said.
The last five years, two similar cases suggest that the drivers will not be held responsible.
In either case - both of which was a person who walked in the dark on the freeway - it was estimated that motorists may not expect pedestrians on the freeway in the middle of the night, the paper said.
Last year, police were acquitted regarding neglect due to death by her after hitting and killing a man who was lying A!-on the road near Paynernea one night in August 2014.
22-year-old victim had been drinking and was passed out on the road, the court was told.
The court found that the police officer who was responding to an emergency call, drove through a reasoned way, and that man's presence on the road was ”completely exceptional and unpredictable situation,” the judge said.
All, with information about Thursday's incident near Morges’ta, will call the police number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Nasa's climate models: Venus was once habitable
Nasa's new climate model estimates of Venus was likely once habitable.
Scientists at the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies -the research center developed a model to study the venus of the past using the tools and algorithms that are similar in climate research the used with.
The model was designed to find out whether Venus hot, anhydrous pintoineen and carbon dioxide täyttämine air kehineen could sometimes be earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus's slow rotation speed to explain its thick atmosphere.
But the last simulation suggests that Venus could have been a thin, earth-like atmosphere, and it would still be able to rotate slowly.
The model also examined the early Venus surface formation.
The planet was likely to land in drier regions, but there was once enough water and the geographical variation of life enabling safe and fast water haihtumiselta protection.
Early Venus had the advantage of a 30% dimmer sun.
”GISSin model in the simulation of Venus's slow rotation to disclose in its day side to the sun for almost two months at a time,” GISSin scientist Anthony Del Genio explained to the news bulletin.
This heats the surface and produces precipitation, which creates a thick cloud layer, which acts as an umbrella for the protection of the surface of a large part of the heat of the sun.
As a result of climate, average temperatures are in fact a few degrees cooler than the current.
Model production of Venus, the stage of development of the story, which is similar to what the planetary scientists had previously assumed.
Although Venus most likely was once habitable, it was exposed to excessive heat and ultra-violet light for several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and the water vapour returns to the ultraviolet light.
When the hydrogen escaped, leaving only a thick carbon dioxide-atmospheric kill with the greenhouse gas phenomenon and Venus, which we know today.
Scientists share the results of the new Venus climate model of the Geophysical Research Letters publication.
Patrick Roy give up the Avalanche coaching job of the
Patrick Roy quit on Thursday the Colorado Avalanche coach and hockey affairs deputy director-general of the action words as the reason for the influence of the absence of the team's decision-making process.
Colorado executive vice president/general manager Joe Sousa confirmed the information and mentioned that the team will start new coach search immediately.
”In the past three years I have done my duty Colorado Avalanche hockey affairs as vice president and as head coach of the enthusiasm, passion and determination”, 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
I'm thinking of summer during the long and hard how I could improve this team to give it the necessary depth and take it to a higher level.
For this to be achieved, the coach and the hockey affairs deputy director general's view should be fully aligned with the organization's vision.
He must also have the opportunity to influence decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not currently implemented.
Sousa, who hired Roy's 23. may 2013, thank you Roy for this contribution to the team.
”Patrick told me today of their decision”, Sousa said.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organization, and we wish him good luck in the future.
Roy was named the league's best coach the Jack Adams Award as the first Avalanche of the season is 2013-14.
He led the team to 112 points and the central division of the victory, but Minnesota fell to Colorado in the playoffs in the first round, and the team have in the last two years to reach the next round.
Avalanche games season 2015-16 ended with 39 wins, 39 losses and 4 draw, and the team lost five points Wildille losing in the western conference wild card playoff spot.
Hall of Fame selected goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cups - two as well as a Montreal canadien in that Avalanchessa.
North sea oil workers continue negotiations and postpone stop
North sea oil workers ' industrial action, wages due will be postponed, when all the parties to the dispute sit down to a new round of negotiations for the lead negotiators said.
Strikes oil field services company Wood Group has arranged randomly Royal Dutch Shell, led by north sea rigs.
”Wood Group as well as Unite and the RMT-the union can confirm that we have agreed to start again the process with the aim of the current dispute settlement”, in connection with the opinion to read.
We consider in the next few weeks during several all-day meetings starting from early next week, so we can take problems fresh viewpoint.
Trade unions according to their recent industrial action, which they say will be the first for more than 25 years, was a protest potential, up to 30% wage cuts.
This year Wood Group to cut north sea contractor fees of about 9% in a negative market pressure.
The company's premium reduction will follow its countries of contractors 10% reduction from 2014.
The company said that further cuts would give the company the necessary scope for the market downturn to survive.
Shell, in turn, has contracted with thousands of people on the payroll and announced plans to leave the oil and gas activities up to 10 in the country, when companies reduce their activities as a result of its giant merger with the british energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, and this economic situation is exacerbated by britain's summer decision to leave the European union.
A scottish member of parliament Dave Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the generation of the largest north sea työriidoista.
He said that the north sea is essential for the region's economy.
”We need an economy that works for the many, not the few, so the north sea than in the whole country,” he said in the statement.
The north sea is expected in 2016 less than 1.4 billion dollars in investments in new projects, while the previous five-year average has been about $ 7 billion.
Kepler measurements of stellar rotation rate from the Pleiades star cluster in
The last of the Kepler space telescope mission has helped astronomers to gather a more complete list of the Pleiades star cluster star rotational speeds.
The new data will help astronomers understand why the stars number the stars rotating at varying speeds, as well as how cycle time related to planet formation.
”We hope that by comparing our results to other stars in the corps, we have now learned more of the star's mass, its age and even its solar system, the history of the relationship between”, Caltech's infrared processing and analysis of the Pasadena center researcher Luisa rebun on said in a press release
The pleiades star cluster is located in 445 light-years from Earth.
Many of the mass stars are born with around 125 million years ago, and are just now reaching adulthood.
It's now rotating at top level.
The peak rotational speed of these grow up to the stars, plunging into large quantities of star tuula.
When these winds pass through the star's magnetic field through, they slow the stars.
When a star gets older, its speed of rotation starts to slow down.
Kepler measures each star rotation speed by following the recognizable star of the spots appeared, such as sun spots.
The last star of the rotational speed of the list suggests that the massive most stars are rotating slower than less massive stars.
Rebun on comparing the stars to the dancers, with bigger doing pirouettes slower than smaller ones.
”The pleiades ”at the ballet” we see that the slow pyörijät are usually massive, while the fastest pyörijät are usually very light of the stars”, rebun in said.
Because the Pleiades star cluster is so close, it is an ideal cosmic laboratory for the stars to assess the properties of rotational speeds.
”The pleiades star cluster provides the anchor of the star wheel of the theoretical models, which comprise both directions, younger and older”, rebun in said.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why stars slow down the rotation speed and, so to speak, hung their ’dancing shoes’ on a nail.
Rebun, and his colleagues filmed the last analysis, the Pleiades rotational speeds of the three in the article, which will be published shortly in the Astronomical Journal.
