The 28-year-old kitcher champisher was found dead from San Franciscosco.
The new 28-year-old mother, San Francisco, was found as a dead local shopping corridor this week.
But the brother of the victim says not to know anybody who would have wished to hurt him and say: 'he correlated at long last'.
The body which was found on Westfield Mall by a bull on Wednesday morning, was identified in Sanfirrancis to Frank Galicia, the death of San Francisco's death in San Francisco, which was said about the agency of San Francisco.
The San Francisco police said that the death was defined as a human crime and that investigation is under way.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, referred to the ABC Channel in San Francisco, the San Francisco Channel, San Francisco, who had been a line at Boston before in Boston, found his dream accident six months ago in the Sanrorci line house line of Sanfriscons / Daughters.
The representative of Sons & Daughters said that they are 'terrible and shocked' because of his death.
We have a small team with a close family and he will be very much missed. The representative said.
We send our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of France at this tension.
Louis Galicia said that Mr Frank shouted the beginning in horse but that the recent 'he was finally going well'.
He found a home and customary girl, Mr Galicia told the Organization of the Organization.
Louis Galicia said that you do not know of anyone who would have happened to her younger brother.
He was positive and he had a great heart.
His appearance of cohesion with the family was to make us food, to make one dinner, Mr Louis Galici.
They never wanted to be involved in any disputes.
He was brother who drifted the stream.
'The 'in a world where so many issues are much harder, he was an inoperable diamond which was clearer every day,' he said '.
All with information is asked to play into the hotline of the San Francisco police force 4.575-44-44.
Junisters striking: calls for new industrial measures
The representatives of junior doctors have asked the trade union to adopt a new industrial action in their dispute about the new Treaty.
The British Medical Association Committee (JDC) is asking the Commission as a whole to support new industrial actions since the beginning of September.
The JDC says that the Ministers have not managed to seize the concerns.
In July, doctors' trainees and doctors' learners voted to reject the agreement that was agreed with Bm.
Four Members voting on the 58 votes rejected senior.
In its letter on Thursday evening through Twitter, the members of the JDC Chairman Ellen McCourt said that the government had kept the 'persistently silent' questions which she had led to the rejection of the agreement.
He said: 'in this light, the government of the JDC has voted to fully reject the new agreement proposed and to call for formal renegotiations for your concerns'.
In response to the silence of the government, the DDC government has today presented a formal request for a special meeting of the Bmath Council in order to give authorization to the gradual progressive and enlarged compatibility programme beginning in September.
The dispute has been followed by the fact that doctors have taken part in six strikes this year, including the first permanent performance of work in the history of the NHS health system.
The leader of the BMA doctors, Mr Johanna Malawana, resigned in the vote rejected in the vote on the conditions recommended by BM.
He informed Bmat members at the meeting by 54 000 doctors and learning votes that the Treaty was a good one and it should be accepted.
Following the vote, Mr Jeremy Hunt, Minister for Health, said that the agreement would be imposed on doctors in England.
Russia / Turkey: outside association?
End it ended in a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday in order to shut each other and declare the fight of eight months of words and economic sanctions officially closed.
However, when Vladimir Putin is welcoming his fellow Turkish counterpart in the Gallen of St Peter, I received a clear impression that this reconciliation is to be reconciled in Ankara.
Yes, on our opportunities.
However, Putin's smile seemed to be forced, and he did not warmer, not even according to his own modest standards.
On the other hand, Mr Tayyip Erdogan spoke of his' losing the 'Putin' - five times, according to a report.
It is where the landing is invoiced.
He also taken the impression that relations with Russia were returning not only to the pre-crisis level, but even better.
The next day, the newspapers here described Mr Erdogan's behaviour than anyone would never have happened.
Personally, I think he reflected his enthusiasm.
But Putin's radiation wildlife has shown that the Director of Russia has not forgotten anything.
The reason for the crisis was, in fact, the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks: when Turkey shot down a Russian battlefield border on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction was furious at the time.
Mr Putin attacked Ankara.
And that was even worse when it became an alleged friend.
Rebuilding genuine confidence will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
The Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months the media controlled by the state led to an astounding, thorough attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it appeared that the Turks were responsible for everything.
The most serious were the accusation of senior officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has benefited from the Syrian territories of Syria controlled by the Isis.
She has strongly denied that.
But in St Petersburg the official message was that now is the time to move forward.
After all, this meeting happened only because Mr Putin received his apologies for President Erdogan.
Russia was achieving some victory.
The benefits of the agreement for Ankara are clear.
First of all, Erdogan needs all friends when he was almost excluded from power in the failed coup last month.
Continuing terrorist attacks in Turkey have also clearly shaken him.
There is also the economic motive.
Russia's economic sanctions have been heavy, in particular for charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists for the coast of Turkey every year.
Thank you have fallen from nearly 90%.
In Russia, local organizers and charter companies are certainly relieved when flights finally continue.
They are hoping for a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
And in this week, State Two has predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables after allowing agricultural products to be imported again.
The 'tourists' back to the current level as formulated in the Vedemost newspaper's report.
But it was also a political added value for Moscow.
In Ankara there is angry for the West concerning what is regarded as a weak in response to an attempted coup d'état.
In adding to this long-standing snail's progress in the EU membership negotiations, Mr Putin takes up a President-in-Office of the European Union which is exciting to take advantage of history and the erosion of Turkey's links with the West.
The Russian leader certainly received post-points in which he played the revolutionary authorities in order to support the appointed authorities.
Of course, it is clear to Moscow which has its own deep fears about power transition.
So this meeting in the present coastal landscape allowed Russia and Turkey's presentation of the 'non-Turkish unification', as an analysis described the situation for me: two countries feel that the Western countries are treating them and mistreating them, uniting their forces.
However, despite public reconciliation, there are great differences of opinion.
The key problem is Syria, where Moscow has recently reconciled the role of peace, but Russia and Turkey support the opposite.
It may be told that after almost three hours' preliminary discussions, the presidents explained to the press that they were not even dealing with the matter.
The Turkish President deliberately avoided responding to the question, whereas Putin opted for them.
There is no clear agreement on where they can look for a common basis for Syria.
After months of transparent hostility, and given the possibility of a full disaster in NATO at the time of the Russian battlefield, it is certainly better that two leaders are once again even speaking.
The Royal Bank of Scotland lost customers outside Scotland
According to the executive of the bank, the RBS brand is being reduced from the role of the Back office.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is losing outside Scotland.
Mr McManda told the BBC Scotland that the bank's international objectives were related to RBS.
Since the bank almost collapse eight years ago and it has had to save it, it has given up these objectives.
The bank's strategies have used the RB2 body of this kind to protect other consumer financed bronchings.
It backed millions of international sporting sponsorships, Six Natino.
But we now have the right to give the more national brands to the forefront.
The Royal Bank of Scotland is in use with Scottish customers, but it is not beginning again.
In England and Wales all rejections of RBS will be amended in Nattes.
The Ulster Bank is already in place for customers in Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller private banking bronces which are receiving more visibility: Mr Coutti: Mr Adam and Co, Mrs Grummond and Holt Military Bank.
Mcewania was interrupted in the customers and staff rounds in Inverseer's shire.
She told the BBC Scotland: 'the RBS will become an investor-barred and employer's employer because we now have much more of the bank of brands'.
By the bank themselves, global blank, RBS, became a global brand.
So I say that we no longer have global objectives, we have local objectives.
Each of these brands means something very different in its own communities, and our staff work with customers under their branches.
RSB has already said that it does not continue with Six Nations, and it has increased the various branding profiles in its sporting standards.
The time has come for us to move in the direction of the banks, because basically we are talking about how we can concentrate on making this customer a better bank '.
Three years ago, I would have been very cynical if we had said that we intend to be a wonderful bank to customers and offered them.
But with its work we have concentrated on the needs of customers, not our own, I believe that you will see much change.
We can bring the brands back, so I believe that time is right.
Frankie Dettort wins at the Newmarkte Predilecto and reaches 3000 victories
Dettori shows the champagne after two profits after a total of 3000 victories
The comparator, Frankie Dettor, was sufficient to secure 3000 British victories in Newmartk on Friday.
He reached a milestone in the evening by the other evening with his household competing with Mr John Gosden through the Prediction.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth rocket acquiring this milestone in a race test.
He compares Sir Gordon Richard, Doug Smith, Lester Piggottia, Pat Eddéru and Willie Carson.
The three-time masters to Dettori, who won in Ghay earlier, said: 'that is a very special'.
I am very emotional because my family is also here.
I am very pleased that this was in Newmarke, because 30 years ago I started here 30 years ago.
This is not a big event, this is not Royal Ascott but ordinary Friday and 20, 000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Mr Dettori will self-emphasise the brakes when he comes up against the Predidencion since then.
Two competitors have reached this milestone in the Competition Competitions Championship Richard Johnson and the retirement of 20 times the champing Sir Anthony McCoy, with 4 000 profits.
Lester Piggot, 9 time against the Derby winner, 4493 profits.
Frankie is one of the best complications in the current period and it is not surprising that he has reached this milestone, which only very few people have achieved before.
He is elegant and strong, but his tactical attitude separates him in the other mental rooms.
His great ambassador to competitions, his enthusiasm and the charisma has been withdrawing fans for years now.
I said to Mr Epoy a few weeks ago that she would have handed over 6 000 winners if he were not just the river between the Commission of the weekend and the big weekend!
In serious terms, France has raised the winners in the UK for the majority of 30 years, which is wonderful.
He is a lively person who is a good thing for British competition, but also he is an incredible river.
Mr Dettord celebrated the milestone by means of a traditional flight landing.
From flight closures to flight landings, Mr Dettori has been a Member of British comparison for two decades.
This has been the mountain registration.
The famous profits at the lature games, including the famous' Magnifice Sevent 'profits in 1996, but he also survived an aeroplane and suffered as a result of competition drugs.
Three years ago he was initially starting to return after the six-month competition ban, but he showed a significant figure by challenging sceptics and returning in the best service.
And he may continue for some time to continue - Mr Dettor has said earlier - that he would like to continue to compete, at least until 50 years.
Russia Putin will be dismissing headquarter Sergei Ivanovina.
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, has suddenly dismissed Head of Head of Sergei Ivanov.
Mr Ivanov was part of Mr Putin's trusted inner enterprise for many years.
63 years of age have now been appointed for the Special Representative for the Environment and Transport.
It said in the Kremlin opinion that Putin has' prompted Ivanov 'to move away from the tasks of the head of the Russian Presidential Administration, but there was no reason for that.
Mr Ivanov's Deputy Director since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been nominated for his successor.
Persecution, 44, is former diplomats.
He was born in Tallinn in the Estonian capital in Tallinn in 2012, manufactured Moscow State of the International Relations Institute (MGIMO) and the Tok Embassy.
He later led the President's protocol and government services to say the Kremlin's website (Russian website).
When he was appointed, he said Putin: thank you for your trust.
I think that the most important task of the administration is to support your head of state with the drafting of laws and the implementation of your guidance.
Mr Putin told the Russian television station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to make his place and recommended that persecution be appointed to him.
Are they convincing?
This is a movement which is confusing Moscow.
Mr Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like Putin, the Soviet security service in the KGB.
As the Head of Staff, he was one of the most powerful men of the country.
In a meeting with President Putin on state television, both men claimed that the Chief headquarters would withdraw from his own request.
But despite smilious cameras, only a few here are convinced, particularly just before the parliamentary elections.
Is that merely the aftermath of some kind of power struggle?
Nobody yet knows.
But the official assertion that the man who once was advertised as a potential presidential candidate, I would suddenly want to lead Russian environmental policy with scepticism.
As Mr Putin Ivanov said in his comments on the Kremlin's website, it is true that, in the early year 2012, I asked you to give my four-year responsibility for this very complex, could even say a laborious, responsibility.
Well, I have now been a headquarters for four years and eight months'.
Ivanov approved this December 2011.
He was previously Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence.
He is in the Russian Security Council and the former Member of the State Security Service in the KGB, as well as Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, when Putin was the leader of the state security service in the FSB replaced by the nomination of the KKB, Mr Ivanov as Deputy Director.
When Mr Putin campaigns in office, he mentioned Mr Ivanov as one of the five people whom he trusted most.
Once it was thought that IVavony could come after the Russian President, Mr Putin, because Mr Putin's third period would be contrary to the constitution.
This task, however, went to Putin's close allies, Dmitry Medvedev.
The Prime Minister became a prime minister before he returns to President only three and a half years later.
The Criminal Minds stamp Thomas Gibson gained help from producer!
Mr Gibso was involved last month in the physical dispute at NAS, in a physical dispute.
A series of producers, ABC Sudios and CBS Televioside have announced his separation in a joint statement.
Mr Hotchner, sheer Mr Aron Hotchner, gave an apology on Thursday before his redundancies were announced.
In the position of the point of view, there were creative differences and divisions.
The street was held, 'he said in his statement.
According to the ABC Studios and CBB Television Studios into the details of how Gibson figures are taken off a series of FBI agents' team can expect later.
Previously, the 54-year-old aspirations in the Dharmarma / Greg situation comedian situation have been involved from its first period in 2005.
I love a series of Criminal Minds, and I have been able to give it my utmost for the last twelve years, Mr Gibson said in a statement published on Friday.
I had hoped for the beginning, but it is not now possible.
I just want to thank the writers, producers, actors, an unbelievable task force and, above all, the best fans which may be seriously.
The start of the series of 12 production periods was envisaged for September 28.
Mysterians went to gardener Banffil
The man living in Banff has asked for help to identify fish which have emerged from his horticular factory.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be sandeers who have left the water jumble of water.
Bain which lives 500 meters away from the sea, published Periscope into military material in the hope that someone could be clarified to the appearance of two types of fish.
Mr Queensfer Crossing's point: now, the bride goes farewell now
GBP 1.35 project is now expected to be ready by May 2017
Engineers have joined Queensfrer's northern port and the landscape, which means that the bridge is now extended to Fife.
It is the first of the four blockades between 'vegetarians', which are now going to bridge every three pillars.
Fifes is now a question of 600 meters and 30, 000 tonnes.
It has 10 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concreteries and 46 batteries.
The pound's pound project is now expected to be ready by May 2017.
The Minister for Economic Affairs, Mr Keith Brown, was visiting the country today and among the first to walk for a bridge from the country.
He said: 'this is an historic and symbolic journey for the construction of Queensferry'.
We all witness engineering engineers in this project, where there have been more than 30 000 tonnes of concrete and steel alone in the construction of this bridge.
In spite of the massive size and pressure on this bridge, finalizing the blockade between the lands and the bridge is a demanding operation where extremely precise dimensions should be completed.
Overall, around 79% of the bridge is now in place and the final concrete of the latest contribution is being lied to us today in Rosyti, which means that the entire population is prepared to bring that bridge.
The Chief of Michael Martin, the Ford Crossing Bridge constructor project said: 'the first closure in any bridge project is always an important milestone.
This shock in this fancy project represents the victims of construction technology.
When the last road contribution was installed and combined with a wideranging northernmost road accuracy, we should subsequently close the remaining participants from the northern, in other countries.
This was drawn by withdrawing the landscape of a northern route over 700 mm in the south.
That was an enormous approach and at the same time a very demanding measure.
Enormous, because the land is 222 metres long, to press about 6 000 tonnes and were to be withdrawn from around 3%.
A demanding factor because the permitted defences which said that the team worked were the minimum, only a few more millimetres in both directions.
Congratulations went well.
Bail-off Moefref Baylla three men are 'living' fortunately.
The three men are 'fortunate' in the alive, following their falling into the fishing boat off Angleys.
The Mollifr RELIV backyards carried out alarm at 1.20 p.m. on Friday since the crew had seen the development of the event in MoelfroeBy Bay.
Three men tried desperately to be safeguarded by their boat continuing to themselves.
We have saw the boat closer to men and we thought the worst ', Mr Vince Jones, the Moelprie's rescue boat.
'Greens with strong wind have been blackmailed by them by the time we were able to move ', he added.
Two men were saved by the local fishing water, and the third of the 60-year-olds found an exhausting hole without the bail-outs.
Men were taken by boat on coastal resistance and were brought back to the rescue station.
Jones said: 'the three men in water are fortunate when they are alive and unjustified'.
There was a kilogrammer in the engineer, but it had in some way brokered a boat from a person when the boat fell.
Someone look at these crops today.
Respectable health and happiness in Pokomio Gos!
It is fascinating to see how the world changes.
Over the last decade, many people have said that teenagers and children will no longer be playing but rather that they prefer to spend leisure times by seeing their leisure timeshares.
Mr Pokémon will get open and participate in something.
The evidence was initially limited to television, then video games and, recently, smartphone.
It is powerful to see that technology and aircraft carrieve are not mutually exclusive.
I refer, of course, to the false call Mr Pokémon Gon, which is based on characters originally developed into video games later in the 1990s.
To some extent, like many people in the phenomenon of population, it has fallen somewhat before this new game publishes in the United States, Australia and New Zealand early in July.
Subsequently, the publication of the game in other countries was postponed, because it is overwhelmed by overseeing the servers.
In the days, Pokémon Golla took users more than Tinder and almost as much as Twitter!
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players explained to use their smart telephone in their search for Pokémone, traced by GPS, and which after finding 'photographs', or 'catch', populations can be found.
A generation which played the game in younger countries has just associated with window-dressing and has resorted to sovereign search.
In the United States, the game has resulted in a significant increase in the daily step by the 'average'.
Apple Watch, Cardiogram, which follows 35 000 users, recently told the Post of Washington Posti that the number of games within two days from 30 minutes publishing from 45% to 53% at Cardiogram following Cardiogram followed by users.
Company does not know who is playing Pokéméo Gota, you see only traineeships.
The call for many public health campaigns to find 30 ',' rise 'and' active every day 'has produced nothing because the vast majority of public health warnings are natural and transmitted by people who seem unfortunate.
The importance of physical exercise cannot be disregarded, however.
Those who regularly have a lower risk benefit from cancer or depression.
Activity helps with weight, high blood pressure and diabetes: the benefits of which are too diverse in this case.
Mr Pokémon Gon fine is that it makes people go out and do something they enjoy.
The three pillars of health are therefore covered: physical activity, the air and the sun, as well as fun.
Some people will even get new friends in terms of hunting new friends.
As usual, disappropriate spoils look for those things that are being complained.
Yes, somebody will be able to get the door.
And what?
We have seen a breakthrough.
Although there were former applications like Fitbir which could be active, they did not give rise to mobility in the same way as this game.
Nonetheless, it disappears and the use is leading in due course.
But because of the success of Pokémon, there will be other games which unite applications and the activism of virtual records in real terms, helping many people whose hunts will be more active and healthier.
The reading of Dr blog at www.dr.odeata.c.m.c.
Mr Biles buttered gold in the communication of women's agencies
The pressures are forgotten.
Let us forget about public accessory.
Mr Biles is immune to all.
In the case of the energy.
Smoothly beginnings.
With an incredible permanent.
I am everywhere.
And now, in the end, the Olympic Chain.
On Thursday, on Thursday, a 19-year-old American against the championship, leaving the gap between himself and the Olympic Games at the level of the Olympic Games.
He was clearly better than that of the silver medale and the Final Five, Aly Raisman and Russian broncember Aly Mustafina.
The United States, Simone Biles, will balance the woman's modification of women in the 2016 final for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in Rio de Janeiro in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
Mr Biles became a fourth American woman who, in a succession, has won the championship of contact, and on background over all over five Americans, he has strengthened its reputation as generations and perhaps ever.
He stopped the tears when her final point was informed and his long journey towards that moment has come to an end.
This achievement raises the same category with the best sportspeople of other generations like Michael Phepples, who have raised their kinds to a new level:
For the last three years, Mr Biles has governed the 15 World Cup education, including 10, programmes whose ambition and precision have been so astonishing that the 1984 Olympic Commaster Mary Retton called him 'as a dominant party'.
The last test expected in Brazil, a competition which was not so much between Biles and other competitors, but between she and the burden of excessive expectations.
The return to the family, Texas Spring, would not have been disappointing.
The United States, Mr Biles, the left, and Aly Raisman, over the gold and silver modernisation (in this order), in this order, the conversion of women's monitoring in the final 2016 Summer Olympics in the final 2016 Summer Olympics in the Summer Olympics in Brazilia Rio de Rio di Rio de Rio de Rio de Rio de Rio de Rio de Rio di Rio is either.
Mr Biles reached the First Medation on Tuesday when he was a culminator for the coordinator of a national team, Martha Karolyi, of Martha Karolymi, festival.
Even though Mr Biles maintained that he has never thought about the future, it is not entirely correct.
Some of his permanent programme - which includes his trademark - has been coordinated with a Latin American music, suitably also to the streets around the Rio Olympic Games.
And that is no accident.
That is the product of what her grandparents are adopted as a noise and whose journey Mr Boremann was given when the girl was in the Chamber where the readiness of Borome has become a power.
He has not disappeared beyond the controversies since the summer of 2013 and this profit will continue as long as Mr Biles wants.
Even if Mustifi was in small leadership after two rounds, it was merely an illusion.
A bit of balance and permanence, where Mr Biles is the dominant world Member, waited.
He was at the top of the buildings 154343 and crossed them by 15.933 permanent.
Mr Raisman collapsed on behalf of him when they expected final points - just formality - and tears rose Biles' glitture, in the white and blue limits in the eyes when the dream which she wrote in his book, was true.
The performance of Raisman was somewhat revancing for four years ago when he was split in the third place, but lost bronze for Mustafina.
This time the President of 22 years of activist whom the Americans call 'grandmother' was clearly led.
He sent flying crecks to the general public after his permanent performance in an emotional return that could be called into question.
As for Biles, a widespread widespread twenty-year-old tritiation previously of this week receives another significance:
The police: three victims murderers were shot in the car while listening to them
Two women dead and a 12-year-old girl watched in the first massacre of Phoenix over the last decade and a 12-year-old career sit down and listened to music when they were published in the police communiqué published on Thursday.
The authorities said that Angela Roche Liner, Stefanire R. Ellis, as well as the daughter Maleam in Ellis, were shot in the driving continent on 12 June.
The communication states that on the side of the car passenger shots triggered eight times and then fled with the other vehicle.
According to the police, the tripartite massacre is not influenced by the results of the rubbish, because the attacker did not export the handbags or the dollar for the other adult.
A representative of the Phoenix policeman, a super container Jonathan Howard said that shooting the scientists was considering whether it was linked to four previous attacks.
In all, seven people have been killed and two injured in nine attacks which have taken place in four months in the two main Latin American districts.
These take place in the residential area before the home, 'Howard said earlier this month by a subsidiary of the CBS with KPO.
Those suspects have been expected to use a number of vehicles, such as Nissan until the end of the 1990s, black BMW and white Cadillac or Lincoli.
Scientists have not agreed to reveal the evidence which led to the conclusion that the attacks are interconnected and the same killer.
Ellis, 33, due to his injuries to a hospital where you died later.
Liner, 31, and Mr Ellist daughter, Maleaka, died on the scene.
A witnesses told the police that they were often seated in parking car in listening to music.
The authorities would also publish the shooting of a police statement which only happened half an hour before three hours before the thirteen massacre and which was aimed at empty vocational entrance, which is also believed that the serial murderer is working.
Scientists found the bulletin churches, the creative seats and the fragmentation of a fragmentation of the engine.
Microcekersia suffering from the six years of age: 'the situation is facilitated'.
Edmund Picciota, like the majority of others in six, loves song, toys and, of course, mother.
But, unlike for a large part of its ages, Edmund is a result of the genetic disruption, for which her mother, Mrs Elizabeth Picciu, did not know heavily.
When he became home for the first time, my thoughts was that I am not in a position to do that.
I cannot.
I did not promise yourself.
I did not make any reality, I promised, 'he said'.
He and his her husband, Mr Vincents, is told that Edmunder never learned to identify them and that he will not even survive.
Some Members suggested that he would be locked in institutions.
'The interpretation was' I did not know that people are still doing it 'Piccicu explained it.
Edmund is walking by walking habitation.
Edmundan did not satisfy or working until three-year-old and he is still not talking about.
But he is slowly making some milestones.
He walks as helpful and pushing back on the bicycle.
She is also playing with its two brothers and singing.
Mrs Elizabeth will show how to 'songer' by means of the invents of Edmund.
'We teach him a sign language ', Picciuto informed CBS News.
But it is not a normal sign - he says that Edmund has invented his own individual.
Microcekers may result from a number of different reasons: genetic, such as Edmund, or pregnant viral infections such as ashashing virus, or Zika virus.
It is very different from the symptoms and predictions.
It is too early to say how it affects the lives of those who have been infected with Zikai.
Picciou remembers the emotion of the precarious future.
I am just questioning what will happen.
Now, what is to be done?
And he still does not know.
I have not, in fact, asked for predictions because I would not wait for anyone to give me such a prediction.
But Picciou has hoped for mothers whose babies have the birth resulting from Zika.
The situation is facilitated.
We can believe that things will be facilitated.
Loving children and children love you.
Raising offices and floods caused saving missions to Mississi in Louisiana
In the wider rainfall and widespread flooding in Louisian, the Governor received an emergency by the Government on Friday.
The National Weather Service reported that the large numbers of south-eastern Louisiana and the southern European Missius purposes were crossing and causing extremely severe rains, because of the extremely sensitive rainfall.
Louis governor, Mr Boh Edwards, said that the Federal authorities are in constant contact with the local authorities and that help is becoming counties which are needed.
The Governor's representative for the safety and emergency offices of the Government, Mr Mike Steel, said that they receive requests from the vehicles, boats and sandeel.
She said that alone the district of Tangipaha had asked for tens of thousands of sandard sands.
This flooding will be valid until Saturday's majority, Louisiana.
The weather service said in the statement that a further three five cents further to the region contribute to the rain.
In southern Alabama, the flooding was in force on a Friday when the rain continued in the Mobile region.
Baton Rougen was inflicted near the Committee person near Denham Springs, both of them in Louisana and they were predicted in the weekend at the end of the flood record.
The controller Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood a number of houses in suburban areas close to Baton Rougen.
He also said that the risk is to flood the Council of Ascenonia by the river when the flooded rice is slow to fall into the Lake Maurepa.
The Tickfawa river in the south of the Missis federal state border, the Loutian Liverpool, was at the highest event of Friday morning at nine on Friday morning.
The rescuers will still pick people in the flooded water in the Amita and Wilkinshom districts in the lunch-wing Missions.
Leroy Hansfort and his wife and boys were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
A two-year-old Hansford, aged 62, says that normally more than 400 footprints, the Beaner Creek water who is located in his house water quickly during the night.
He says that he was warned by the other boys living close by.
'Wombered ', and was continuing the increase, Mr Hanschor said.
It has extended to my benchmark.
The wife of Hansford indicated to his memory that he has not seen the ceremony over the 48 years in which he has lived.
Mr Hansford said that both he and his family members have all disabilities and that he is the only branch.
Mr Hansford said that the rescue workers were saving the three largest triangle, the military lorry and took them to the Gloster fire, where the rescue of night washed on Friday.
Mr Krautmann says that floods will rapidly spread to widespread widespread wider rainfall and that the public authorities are planning evacuation rules.
Mr Krautmann says that a single witness Livingston reports 13.75 rains between the midnight and Friday morning.
Mr Krautmann said that the country was completely with heavy rain since Wednesday.
The terrible rainfall and the flooding of the streets led to the rescue of the inhabitants of the district of Tangipohia to save their homes and to withdraw lessons from their homes in five educational institutions, the authorities mentioned.
The CBS / WWL reported that in Tangifaki, a member of the city councillor said that 200 homes were under flooding.
Inhabitants have been evacuated in two churches but now both are under the influx.
The County Chair, Mr Robby Miller, said that 72 people were rescued by the authorities and people who had been islanded by the water.
The cities of Amity and Hammond have opened shelters to those who have been evacuated.
They return to their homes when they are beginning to calculate, 'he said'.
In a city of Hammond, a town of Hammond in the Tangipohta district was closed down because of the increase and the inhabitants were able to take sandy spares in order to try to keep water away from their homes and their movements.
'The most recent flood here was in March ', a city's administrative authority, Lacy Landrurne.
This is becoming a similar case.
In Mr Mississis, the leader of the emergency leader of the Harrison County, Mr Rupert lacy, said that the equal rain continued on the Gulf of Mexico.
He said that on Thursday a handful of houses were brought forward but there has been no reporting on Friday on Friday.
Mr Keith Townson, the leader of the Shopper Value Foods Movement in Amite, has been living in the region for 40 years.
I have seen water in places where I have never seen it earlier, 'Townson said' and the rain is continuing.
'Pricked bullets' have been clear over the six years of Mahaj Brown in the shooting of Philadelphip of Philadelph.
The police says that a six-year-old boy has been fired in Philadelfia, which means the second six-year-old shotage in the city this week.
The children of the great parents told CBS Philadelph her name for Mahan Brown.
The big parents say that Mr Brown has received a number of shootings, including names, foot, hand and attack, but he was conscious when he was transferred to the hospital.
She suffered lots, his small bodies were full of bullets, the boy, Delorez Melendez.
I cannot believe that.
The son in the hospital has been critical and several cuts have been committed.
The family indicates that he is expected to recover.
The son was opening the first class in local schools.
Mr Brown was one of four mucours in the Germantown Square.
Three men were also: two and 29-year-olds and 32 years old.
Twenty-five year-old men were reported to be critical; two other victims were in a state of CBS Philadelphia.
A child was found to hamper a car from the fleet together with a 29-year-old stuff with a reporting position in a critical state.
Two other victims were not in the car and the police will look into whether they could be shot.
Scientists tell the CBS Shiladellia that it seems that there were cross-border shootings.
The very type of aggressiveness, originating from different weapons of aggression, met the scene of the event.
It seems that this was an absolutely continuous struggle.
It was on the streets on both sides of the bureaucratic soctor corridor.
It seems that there were many armed combatants here and that they were in an active struggle, the Philadelph Police Chief Anthony Ginaldi told the position.
Many houses and vehicles in the region were also positive.
There have been no arrests and, according to the information provided, the police are investigating the monitoring camera.
Another six-year-old, a girl, has a hand of hand on Tuesday when he was attending his homes to the West Lane in the neighbourhood.
The police still look for suspicion.
Why do we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
I therefore invite this year's Olympic Games, from more than one reason.
First of all, I have been in every of the 1984 Summer Olympics and the USA has never been dominant.
Secondly, this team is included in the three representatives, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren, Laurie Hernandez, who have inspired many coloured girls.
The composition of this team, complemented by the Jewish Aly Rassam and Catholic Madison Kocka, is all proud.
This text will, at last, show America.
It has also established the involvement of skink-skinned and Latin American women at the top.
For the last four years the most successful women of officials have been African.
Since last year, Mrs Simone and Gabby were the first and the other.
That is wonderful.
Gabby Douglas surprised themselves in the last Olympic Games and America cheered.
Now the world has testified to the incredible performances of the three-world World Champions Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, where they are proposing unexpected, but the maximum prevailing programmes.
One Thursday Simonesta became an American woman who, in succession, has won the individual over the complexity of women.
And team take-over, Mr Raisman, has brought silence.
We are seeing a piece of species, but the situation does not look like things across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurier run all the same path as Aly and Madison by achieving the Olympic team.
They are 'Final Five', because there will only be four outstandins in the next Olympics, and this is the last year of Mrs Karolyi.
The reality is, however, that the expensive species is expensive, and the Commissioners regularly train them in private procraming clubs which pay farms, travel, competition charges, competition charges, competition charges and hotels and their representatives and the families and the families.
A large proportion of these sub-clubs are prosperous in suburban neighbourhood areas which can support the species.
Those clubbit voters will receive all their preparations, and that is a costly and long-term commitment to the families of the strengtors.
Aimeo Boorman, Simone Biles, and Mrs Haneye Mr Haneye, the producer of Laurie Haner, have both been prepared for their sportsmen from their starting points.
We need to introduce a more favourable and accessible reintroduction to the Communities where the many young girls living in Simonen, Gabby and Laurier live in the Communities.
I set up a strengthening Foundation 20 years ago.
In my own associations, we have offered a free and affordable strengthening of Harlem to more than 15 million young people in our cities (primarily being black and lational) and we have established national and international champions.
In September, we will be widening Detroit) to provide a high standard of intensified for young people who deserve to be learned and benefiting from this significant Olympic Games.
The representatives are developing the force of the body, flexibility and coordination, as well as rigour, rigour and determination.
This combination offers lifelong benefits for good health and school and working success.
This team inspired thousands of young girls starting to work, and that is wonderful.
Participation in sport is so important, especially for girls.
We are living in tense times.
Thank you, Simon, Mrs Laurie, Mr Gabby and Mr Madino, that you have shown serious' girls', by overcoming the Olympic gangs and that young girls are motivated by young girls to start on the road towards a healthy, strong and successful young woman.
Doctors' legislators are organizing new strikes by rejecting Mr Hunt's proposal
The ministers had hoped for the changes in the dispute by agreeing to an improved agreement with the agents of the British Medical Association, but 58% of the 37 000 doctors involved were rejected.
In July, Hunt Punt raised the plans for compelling the Treaty saying that the NHS was' unknown territory ', and that the small additional delays are damaging to human beings and patients.
The first doctor traders will be transferred into a new agreement which contains amendments to the working methods of night and weekend in order to improve treatment in difficult hours.
Dr McCourt, the chairman of the BMM Committee last night, said in the opinion last night: 'doctors still have serious concerns in relation to the proposed agreement, in particular by accelerating the existing labour market crisis, and that it is not treating all doctors in an equitable'.
Before the first group on doctors is transferred to the new Treaty only eight weeks, progress must be made and time is running out.
The businesses of Bma to resolve the dispute through the negotiations have encountered the reluctance of the government to participate and to participate in silence at times.
Notwithstanding Mr Jeremy Hunt's promise, last month, her door is always open.
Jeremy Huntin must act now, remove the sanction and take into account the concerns of medical trainees.
If he does not do so, then trainers are prepared to continue the industrial activities.
The latest strike at the end of April was referred to nearly 13 000 routines and a moratorium of 100 000 reception periods when the nurses and consultants were reckoning to replace doctors in the striking waste.
The ministers had expressed their stop to the changes in the dispute by agreeing to an improved agreement with the British Medical Association.
Bma wants a better weekend for 54 000 doctors under the treaty.
Mr Mortimer, the executive director of the EMS employers' organization appealed to doctors, so that they cannot strike.
Mr Mortimer said: 'the battles of industry achieve very little or nothing, but they are putting pressure on teams and services in a demanding situation, harassment and disruption to patients, anxieties and their families'.
In the last two months we have discussed with the Junior Doctor Committ Committee and, together with the Ministry of Health and Others, responded positively to their concerns about the role of control of the Guardian Role and the Whistleblowing Committee.
Employers were hopeful that the continuing positive debate - on development, flexibility in education, flexibility for education and training, education and mutual recognition of education and gender pay gap - is a sign that employers, the Health Education Organization and the Ministry of Health are respect of the agreements with November, February and May.
Two payments day could reduce the risk of a heart attack.
Thousands of heart attacks are benefiting GBP GBP 2 days after the authorities recommended that it should be given to people longer.
The medicine preventing blood from being absorbed, taggeror, is dropping the risk of renewable people with a heart divide.
For 12 months after a heart attack, the medical product will be submitted in order to fall into the risk of a brain drain or another.
Nice, the guardian of the NHS, has advised that it should be given to the people for four years in order to continue to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But Nice has now been advising NAS that it should be given to the people for four years in order to continue to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year and a quarter of those receives another scepticism or brain.
Heart attacks and brain pawns are due to the accumulated fat in the wall of an area which forms particular ingredients.
If you take a blind line, it could cause a bloodypaction which prevents a heart attack from the heart of the blood evader.
If they are embraced, it can travel with blood and break up the blood evasion, causing the brain vagueness.
Persons who have already obtained one single point have risked the risk.
Ticagrero, produced by a UK firm AstraZeneca and sold in trade labels, reduces this risk by making it less probable.
The Nice Information Communiqué published today recommends that people be given 90 ticcit glagors for 12 months, resulting from 60 mg aspires twice a day for the next two years.
Professor Carole Longson, the head of the Nice Health Technology Centre, said: 'in spite of the availability of effective preventive treatments, even one quarter of people who have received cardioary affairs later receive a second heart attack or brain disaster, the consequences of which are often disastrous.
The fears of renewability could have a significant negative impact on the quality of life.
The evidence shows that the tagacher, together with aspirin, is effective to reduce the risk of subsequent heart attacks and brain characteristics in people who have already had a heart attack.
In recommending initial tagaclerol, we are pleased to be able to increase the available treatment options for many thousands of people who could benefit from them.
Given the information on the efficiency and safety of the Ticagrerile, especially as regards the risk of bloodsheepers over three years, the draft guidelines does not recommend treatments longer than this period.
Culture of political correctness permits the Muslim territories of electoral fraud
The former Mayor Lutfur Rahman, the former Mayor of Tower Hamman, was eliminated for corruption last year, giving the government report.
The culture of political correctness has resulted in the fact that the Muslim communities concerning the widespread fraud of voting have been ignored today in the appalling government report.
A former government minister, Sir Eric Erick Pickles, entered the police, electoral controllers and city councils, being ignored because of the electoral fraud because of the 'racist and religious sensitivity'.
The former Community Secretary, the current Empire of Corruption, said that the intimidation of the electorate on religious grounds is so serious that the police should be allowed to set guardians outside the voting places to protect those who are afraid.
He recommends that the voters should produce identity documents when they vote to prove who they are.
Now it is only the voter that should say their name and addresses.
The report goes on to suggest that the fingers of the vote should be illegulated so that no one can vote twice.
Whistleblowers should be better protected, Sir Eric says.
He calls for greater access for the press to documents and decisions made by the informal committees or the working group.
This would not only protect electoral fraud; it would protect local authorities for greater culture of corruption and economic fraud that go hand in hand with the electoral fraud, 'he said'.
The government commissioned a report as a result of the voting scandal in East London Tower Hamles.
Last year, the special election court decided that the Mayor, Mr Rahman, must remove the office as a result of numerous charges of corruption and illegal activity.
The Court found the religious sentiments of the Rhamman's cynically distorted Muslim community and silenced their critics by accusations of racism and Islammakism.
'The leading electoral campaign was said by Mr Rahman on the grounds that it was a faithful Muslim religious obligation to vote for him '.
Up to 300 were questionable or result that the person will vote with something else.
Sir Eric said that evidence is fraudulent everywhere in the country.
He put a particular concern over the electoral fraud in the vote where members of the high-level Muslim community were said to pressure them to vote for the candidate they had chosen.
Sir Eric, in the various recommendations on the purification of the voting system, including the identity of personal certificates.
He says: 'evidence was made that vulnerable members of the Communities of certain ethnic minorities, in particular women and young people, were pressured to vote for the older members, especially in those communities which have a Pakistani or Bangladesh background.
People have expressed concerns that the state institutions were ignoring this behaviour because of the 'politically correct' race and religious oversight.
Sir Eric presented 50 proposals for the purification of the system, including the prohibition that political activists should be able to deal with the voting flags by post office so that the collection of votes came to an end.
The report that Mrs Theresa May will also call for tougher amendments to those registered in order to prevent the use of the electoral register in the field of immigration and compensation fraud.
The alternatives to the identity of voters before voting will take place.
I underestimate the fingers of the people who vote for items so that no one can vote on two occasions.
Carry out systematic national amendments to ensure that they are entitled to vote.
Three years of border requests for automatic postal votes.
Political activists are prevented from dealing with the voices and envelopes through postal votes in which the votes are being sent.
The police officer sets the warring chains around polling stations.
Otherwise, it is easier to blame people for intimidation on the basis of the Representation of the People Act 1983 law.
Making a photograph in places in the polling stations illegally.
What is needed is for the polling points to be used only for English (except in Wales).
Training is to be ensured to ensure that staff keep to the rule that the voter should go alone.
Sir Eric, the police force of the Greater London, saying that it is' surprising 'that no criminal photograph was brought following the case of Tower Hamleet.
'O because of the numerous corruption and illegality of the Court of the Lutfur Rahman and his officer, 'he said.
His numerous arguments were found to be committed without any doubt, according to the criminal law threshold.
He also criticized the ineffective 'bare boxes' inspections in city councillors' registration offices.
Sir Eric said: 'last year, the Tower Hamlets sentenced was awakened.
Our nation is a profound heritage as the growning of parliaments, but this worrying and temporary electoral free rigging and the banning of certain groups threaten this good reputation.
Bad crazy for the cycling of cycling and other public shocks in the Rio Olympics
This week the fans in Rio's Olympics have been going to the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, proved by the impressive doubling of Cambridge's Duke of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympic Olympic Games are certainly not the only sportsman this summer who can stand by his famous dual flight - at least in the social measure.
So Mr FEMAIL has subscribed to the list of Olympic Attles who are clearly showing their lists from the Hollywood public sports, Mr FEMAIL.
The hunter and wolfer: the US former member of the male Member of the United States, Brady Ellinova, has been compared with Leonardo Diparro since he was after children.
In addition to the dual flight of the Kate cycle, many people online have been quick to point out the extent to which a particular certain amount of waste could be two of Leonardo Dicarrio.
The US male Bradi Ellison has caused the storm on Twitter on Twitter after the pictures that she seems to be frightening over the star of The Wolf of Wall Street.
And in fact, when we come out of the social media, they acknowledged that he has heard that he has looked like Leotlo since from the child.
'mother I do not see a great deal of integration, except perhaps on behalf of the best, Mr Brady informed Mr Huffington Post.
She is a type of good that, so it is complimentary.
One of the most popular comparisons between London between 2012 and 2012 will certainly reveal the integration of British long length between Gree Rutherf and the popular actor between Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian platform, Alya Bustafinafi, is what you have been saying to be a Cubani-Turkish-American sinister Gloria Estefan's double fleet.
And in the baby South African, Thim Cameron van der Burgh has been comparating the Glee Star Matthew Morrison for many years.
In the opinion of this user, Nathan is a sportsinery version of the Incentoxion actre.
Another long-term comparison has been ten-technology between Rafael Nadal and the exhibition between Josh-Hartnent, both of which have the same strong cornerstones and loundings.
The Russian silver Member Chamber of Yulia, Yulia, has more than the same thing with Annalyne McCord and washed and piled, while US team, Nathan Adria, reminds the families of 'Joseph Gordon Levitty'.
Tough women: the Left, the Left, the left, and the Dexterkists Jenner Carpenter, in the right distribute identical form and eyes.
Not the only one: a Twitter user was very pleased that others have also said similarities
Presenting the theory: according to this user, there may be a reason between one or two similarities.
As the Twitter user recently expressed happiness that 'other persons on the Internet think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenten are in fact identical.
Truly the US football actor and the Dextert's actor have an incredibly similar form and eyes.
Kerri WalshJonings and his smiles, Mr Laura Linney, have been part of other popular comparisons, with the almost identical actor Laura Linney, and Mr Gabby Douglas, the golden medium, has won Gabbe Douglas, the beautiful smile of Gabriel It, the smile of Gabriel Unland.
The CBCB Olympic Commissioner is presenting an apology after the Chinese bamboon 'dead like the pigs'.
Byron Macdondall analysis rather than 4 women in Ain Yanhan instead of the fourth message from 42 400 metres of women became furious on Wednesday the spectators of the direct Olympic broadcasting of the CBC.
The Canadian television company CBB has had to apologize once one of its explorers said in the context of the 14-year-old Chinese woman 'lost than a bad smell' and 'dead' and 'dead'.
Mr Byrona MacDonla thought that his microphone was when he started to share some of his or her own views on the message of 4420 metres in the message of women.
Mr Macdonaldi, who coloured the CBC's colour, was consulted: 'that young 14-year-old from China has baby.
Far too enthusiasm, lost like a bad herow, lost the pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese mararia, Ai Yanhan, 14, 14 per cent of 1: 57.77.19 - 1.61 seconds more slowly than Canadian Taylor Ruck has given Canada the opportunity to stick to China.
The viewers throughout Canada reacted quickly online after sort of language and its tone.
'Wemrow Macfarlane in Twitzerland: 'were the reporter of the CBC people just that Chinese-14 years old' was killed like a pig? '?
It does not realize it is still directly broadcast '.
China Ain Yanhan has described the 4.5 metres of women's freedom in the women at the following: 'The little 14-year-old China washed the baby'.
The criticism of Mr MacDonaldi on Twitter, Byron MacDonaldi, was somewhat rapid and quick, many people challenged him.
Twitter users did not deter themselves when hearing the indefensive Byrona MacDonaldi.
A further Twitter, Sarah directorate, wrote: 'Eau Byrommandola?
We are all representative of the CBC and Canada and make us all sound from racist group.
Shortly afterwards Mr Russell, who planted the Committee broadcasting to the Committee, apologized to Mr Macdonald to say quite rightly: 'we regret that the comment on bathing was broadcast.
It is a regrettable selection of words, we regret the fact that it happened.
The CBC had requested to forgive more than 90 times from people who had ignored the comments.
The President Scott Russel had to apologize on behalf of Mr Macdona.
Following that, the CBC and an apology for more than 95 Twitter who had complained from Mr Macdonalti's comments.
TV companies also rapid apologies and published an opinion.
We deeply regret that these statements were concluded and that they were directly sent.
Evening yesterday evening we took action quickly and we asked, in particular, forgiven for our spectators and from our successors in the social media.
For the sake of clarity, the performance of the Byron comments related to the performance of swimming, not to his person.
But it was inappropriate and unfortunate the choice of words, and Mr Byron has very regretted his message.
On Thursday afternoon Mr MacDond apologised for his direct broadcasting and tried to define his comment by saying that he did not mean it as an interpretation as a personal attack.
I should like to express my apologies at this time for the comment I made last night after the message of women in the CBC.
'Te referred to the seamless performance, I do not seem to her person.
Perhaps it is unnecessary to say that I did not mean the lack of respect and that I am very sad.
The customer of the Primark who has been dismayed by a woman who radically agreed to trade in the middle of trade.
Customers did not know what to see when a woman disappeared in the midst of a movement in Primarkia to try out the movings.
Things have not been improved by the fact that after evaluating what he was taking, the woman woman woman woman withdrawn and set back on the shelf.
He continued circumventing and ultimately agreed four cross-fertilisers in trade, located in the Bouverer Place shopping centre in the Folkestone Centre.
Mrs Bouveriev Place associated with Mr Folkesai, where the woman agreed and then launched them back on shelver.
At the same time, in trade, mother of two children have been said by mother, Jenny Davidson, that after experimenting with a secret woman 'Towards a secret woman' was dropped again and walking away from circulation without buying anything.
He said: 'people did not believe'.
A woman stood in the middle of the floor of trade, took up one or two mergers, disappearing their wholesale and indiscrimination clothes and hardly reconciling their feet.
She did not at least try to find a peripheral place in the agreement, simply standing in that shameful.
'Fulating everyone ', when he disappeared and clearly not turned against them because they were back on the shelf'.
He also did it in three couples before at last decided that nothing should have been seen, went back again and walking over.
'Hafternoon he seems to care who watched - or thinking about the person who would like to buy the vessel which he agreed '.
Davidson, a 33-year-old city of Kent, said: 'it is abominable to think that someone is taking the blocks of their houses, whom another has been tested but which has not been cleaned up'.
That incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: 'I sensed that staff obviously tried to remove clothing from the woman's assumption, which is very good.
'It it would be appalling to go home with new beginnings and see that the other woman has put them on their over and that they are not washed '.
The Primark representative said: 'Mr Primarka is aware of the incident which occurred in the Folkosen movement on Tuesday 9 August.
All these products have been withdrawn '.
So, defending yourself against armed attacks by KRAV Maga.
The world is dangerous, but this video of the Dailymallical Committ can make it somewhat safer for you.
We spoke to New York with the grand of the Grand Maga Federation of KRAV Mizrachi in order to find out how to deal with those withdrawing robbers in the neighbourhood.
Then you were approaching or guaranteeing you, that view would show how you can pay for the aggressor at the same time.
According to Mizrach, if you are approached, then there should be the first thing to ensure that you can 'the firing fire'.
Subsequently the burning weapon is between the toolbox and please, before being attacked through a free grown.
Continuing on branches, and when the attacker goes out of the battle, the wrong weapon from his hands is a way out of his arms and whether you withdraw him as a weapon.
If armed persons are approached by armed persons, the technology is similar: the elimination of the firing, a burn of the weapon, will then translate into a translation so that the criminal will not be able to trigger.
At the same time, the weight of the weapon and the aggressor at the same time, then were the wrong weapon against him, will turn up and demonstrates his armed forces.
Sounds as a matter of difficulty?
We see the video exactly what Mr Mirrachi does that.
But, if there is not a human section of KRAV Magan, the most safe way of extraditing the situation is to root out the money.
A tourist Ian Wright being one of Europe's most dirties for tourism.
The British trip has set its immune system and a serious challenge to its immune system and reflex by deading some of the most direct and nightmare seats in Europe.
Sufformed personalities and Ian Wright, 51, young people in the euro banknotes, apparently Piccadill Circursta and the Russian public telephone in order to prove the strength of their immune system.
Before calling upon each target, he spent Potometr to show himself and the situation which he was going to have.
An experiment that was taken by the film in the league of internal power, however, produced surprising results.
The idea of whipping thousands of people who uses the thousands of trains may seem completely disgusting, but in fact there are more poor bacteria in the charter of kitchens.
On its way through Europe, Wright talked about doctors and medical professionals because of the strengthening of intestinate bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately none of your years has left him another bad taste in the mouth.
Mr Wright became known for the sustainability of the sustainability of the sustainability, his travelling around the world and eating strange and wonderful things.
This immunoration system has actually been tested for the testing of his immunoerent system, which extends to the branch of the criteria for public railway stations in public railway services.
He said in the film: 'ever since the child, I have been rather concerned about my health and I have put on all kinds of things from the clubs, parades and imperialism.
He certainly reaffirmed his reputation during the film.
The only thing he rejected was a Public Russian polluter.
His exhibition was reading by more than four five thousand units in the photother.
In comparison, the handling of counters should be below 60.
But in one Russian public toilet she did not go over when the photometry result showed more than 4000 results, and the result of the countervailing hands is under 60.
Wright has produced the film of the tourist film, through internal force, together with the Finnish Meijer, Valio, and the film shows the number of bacteria in different locations such as villagers.
In the film I said: 'this is almost a worst thing that I have smelled out in the world'.
There is nothing dirtier!
I am not going to become anything, because there is no point in this place.
Internal power was produced together with Finnish Meijer, Valio.
The company provided Wright, Valio Gefil, which includes milk compact bacteria with vitamins C and D vitamins which will help to improve the intestinations of people and the immunolaging system.
The leader of Vallon, neutrality and new categories, Nico Burnel, said: 'we really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that would be fascinating and, at the same time, explains the interests of professionals.
We displayed a lot of mad ideas, and we reached the idea of playing India '.
They claim that the interest in the interest in health is becoming a global phenomenon.
Rather than just talking about products, we wanted to set them through a greater context: to say that our everyday environment is in the importance of the best and bad bacteria of our environment, the importance of intellectual health and the immunity system.
The growing interest in the health of the intestine is a global phenomenon, and this documentary film will enable us to tell consumers more interestingly.
I document also shows that we have a brilliant humour!
The documentary director, Tom Assistan, added: 'Iraq' would have lost my respect for some of the things he asked for, such as the nightmare by the film-shopping Russian.
Understandably part of these matters was easier for Ian, whereas part was quite difficult.
I am pleased that we received some of those dirty woodland.
In the context of the Valloo question in 2015, 84% of respondents combined landing activists were combined with the prosperity of the dairy activists and the intensive welfare, and 58% say that they were at least using products which have been added to milk access.
Destroyer Cornwall in Cornwall Saltashi before that haste was destroyed by a family.
The organization caused GBP 50 £500 after they were evicted because of the terrorisation of neighbours.
Tanya Keldo and his partner, Shuaun Trebiccock, has been thrown out of the buildings in Cornwall Saltash following their complaint on numerous occasions.
When they were eliminated by strongly eliminated bureaucracy, the housing officials said that property is bad.
There had been gaps which had been carried out on the walls, the floor was released, waste had been distributed to floor and the walls had been missed on grafficking.
The family have now changed elsewhere and they are believed to live in private accommodation.
Conna McMevy, Cornwall Housing, said that he would not be able to repair the building.
He said: 'that has been an absolute nightmare to the people, and I think people should not be living in such a way.
There is much to be considered here because this building is likely to be known through Cornwall's less good groups.
This family is notorious and their name is notorious.
There were three boys who live in buildings between them and, in the police, according to police, the family tyranny was involved in settlement, the intimidation of closer inhabitants, drug use, drug selling and predatory shouting, quizwed and predatory shouting.
Forty-year-old Skeldo, named in the rental convention, received a decision on social behaviour in June.
There were old waste in the rooms of those houses threatened with demolition.
The real estate has previously been forwarded to drugs, flooring was reached.
The neighbours said that the family were taking place on the streets and that the police were regularly called.
Cornwall Housiing displayed by force for a woman and the property of this partner this week, 11 weeks, for the period of extension, 11 weeks, time to change on a voluntary basis.
The relief of neighbours thank him for evidence to say that their lives had become so hell.
One said: 'they did not care about anyone'.
We lived in neighbours 20 years and the situation has always been bad.
We have seen the police here many times.
That is what you have not received this morning.
We rise because here was so quiet - we are not used to it!
It is beautiful, now that they are at last abolished.
Mr Cornwall Housing's Neighbourhood Office, Adam FITZPATRPKI, said that the family were not cooperating with local authorities.
For 20 years the family have lived with us and the police was invited to the building services
Running and old toys have been discarded in window-dressed weapons.
He added: 'it is a pity that the people were not responsible for their own and their family behaviour, because that concealment is always the last procedure which Mr Cornwall Housing is thinking.
It was a very difficult case because the behaviour was extremely extreme, and their actions were certainly appalling.
I appreciate all the work done by the Time-Temporary, Devon and Cornwall police and courageous information for the Community members of the Community.
I hope that this development will sort out some comfort for its neighbours and send out the message that antisocial behaviour will not be approved.
FITZPATRICK said that three sons were all living in property in different times but they were all in two or so far.
After coming up with a dirty perpetration of one of the magistrates:
Workers in housing must be cleared by wasting surrowing the houses
In 2014 the police came up with a raid on the raids and found more than 70 people in cannabis as well as benchmarking, equipment and GBP 1 of GBP 1000.
Mr Skeldo received the fines after fines by category B in drugs as an intention to distribute it.
He claimed that the money was intended for his son, Mr Sheeldo's competition, which was dead in the car accident in 2013.
Apparently Tanya and his partners are now falling into private accommodation in Plymouth.
For many of the walls of the rooms of the House, there were populated graffits.
The police says that they are trying to evade people who flout the rules of the rental agreement.
Out of Angela Crowo Tevon and the Cornille police, the eviction was a clear warning to other reasons who continue to flout the rules.
This is the message for those who think that their behaviour is without sanctions and those who suffer such behaviour '- he said.
The Devoni police and the Cornwall police are never tolerated by criminal and antisocial behaviour, and the police will continue to work with their partners in order to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were appalling when the military authority lend a housewife low.
The shock of their lives of solar fighters in Portugal
Portuguese-Air Power Plant-CO-Orio wiped over really low;
The air said that it was a flight of traineeships and claimed that security was not undermined
It was precisely today that the tourists who have begun to come to frustration when the low shooting engineered would sweep a border across the boat.
In dramatic revolution, how military aeroplanes came forward with almost tousing for solar values in Aveiro in Northern Portugal.
They stood when they began to be understandably concerned about a show noise, even though they did not start to see which clouds guaranteed to come towards them.
The intermediate incident took place in Costa Nova in Neva of Aveiro yesterday.
One of the many holidaymakers who published a video for dramatic flights in the social media was Daniel Fernandes who said: 'it was passed twice indeed, and together appeared that it would be in the hands of the country.'
Nuno Arroya added: 'I was surfful and quite correctly felt like a machine was falling.
The tourists, in the Aveires, were horrified when the machine appeared in the dark and was incredibly low.
The Portuguese air power said today that the PC-3 machine pilot was aimed at identifying fishing boats close to the coast and the machine had to land so low because it was the only way of revising boats.
He said that the shooting had flying significantly because of the smoke of the smoke of close territorial fires, but the air indicated that no one safety was in danger.
This summer, the fires have devastated parts of the continent, but there are four people killed on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air power said today that the pilot had to be flying in low conditions because of the smoke caused by fires and the fog of the thresholds.
Aircraft were flying trainers and, as part of the pilot, the pilot was asked to identify fishing boats
Better results from the first anniversar result of the European Externet
The social and health conditions in South Karela (Esto) conducted a better result than justified by the social and health classification of South Karelia in June.
The result of the Externation was EUR 4.3 million in surplus in the first six months.
The result was particularly good in family and social services, where the development of preventive services has been possible to dismantle institutional care.
A therapeutic guarantee took place in all activities.
This year, EEx is trying to shorten domestic questions.
EE is covering a surplus by bringing a previous deficit.
This represents perhaps the reduction of waiting populations and the purchase of measures for patients.
It is envisaged that the whole year result is projected to be better than EUR 4.6 million.
The Government of Externations will be dealing with a six-monthly review at its meeting next Wednesday.
The 70 special limits provided by the military sector in Imola
On Friday on Friday on Friday, 70 sponsors of border schools and Coast Guards will be swearing from the military position on Friday.
The military family of the missions in the border and marine guards were held in Imola on Friday.
Awareness of the 10th special limit context was organized on the strength of the stock of the stock.
Seventy men ordered by the military insurance.
Special decision-makers are trained in the demanding tasks on border, inquiry and combat.
They serve their 347 days.
This year, 310 young people applied for the special personnel.
250 of them were called the selection experiments.
Discriminators have been trained in Immola from 2007.
In the water meeting organized in the context of celebration, there were five border generals throughout the war.
The average age of those involved is now for 90 years.
The people who have participated in the opportunity have been born in 1918.
Behind the robberous, crime intervention will help to clarify crime and to reveal serious crime - ESS.
From the beginning of 2014, from the beginning of 2014 from the beginning of 2014, the Finnish police system has been working with the RTA, i.e. criminal intervention and analysis.
The unit's activity is invisible outward.
In the Police Service of Häme, the unit includes a total of four policemen in Lahti and Hämerho.
It is being withdrawn by the supporting construction panel planned in Lahti.
The main officer is a commissioner in Lahti.
Moreover, the strength of the unit is one of the most international civilians in information technology.
Everyone is working in a civilian sector.
The service has proved its utility and its necessity, Mr Seppänen, Chief of Seppänen, Chief of Secretary-General.
The RTA units are producing different surveys for the rest of the police.
Among other things, has obtained information about asylum seekers.
Recent way of working processes
The creation of analysis units is the most recent police reform.
The objective here has been to prevent crimes, that is to say that the police were increasingly closing the ring when you can get an alarm.
Through the information compiled and analysed by the service, the everyday police activities will be allocated where it is most needed.
Under police reform, a criminal intelligence centre was set up, below the three national units and each police service its own criminal interconnector.
The PTR centre, operating under the central crime police, leads to national activities.
The PTR works people from the police, customs and the black government.
RTA units are working in areas supported by police facilities and their role is to provide information both to the local police and the national entities.
Intelligence outside the region
Where the individual police are aware of what has happened during their 12-hour working system, the RTA unit is to know what is happening throughout the whole of the police system.
Intelligence extends beyond the borders of their own institution because that is the crime.
Those working in the RTA unit have better qualifications of the basic police.
Through registers, alert data stories and findings, the unit seeks to draw the police attention to the new phenomena, productive crimes or crimes which remind each other.
This is called supply and it is one of the most important tools for criminal intelligence.
Everyone has their own way of working.
The work is also reflected, whether honest or criminal.
On the basis of the adoption of a factor, a kind of picture constitutes a kind of picture.
They can either be carried out on the basis of the ordinary or person concerned, depending on which police will have more information.
Criminals learn from their mistakes
The employees of the RTA do not go into the towns, but their work is not totally public.
The methods for the use of both themselves and criminals should not be told because it could lead to professional developments in order to prevent the police forces from being perpetrated.
As far as methods are concerned, the police suggest publicly if it anticipates their threat.
It was such a case, for example, which has been reported in the original summer, the way in which housing used under-exhausted housing is being used in respect of housing.
There were the perpetrators involved in the housing's external housing's foreign doors, nurserius or youth, where they were experimenting whether the inhabitants are actually travelling.
Pestical inquiry material is public to those concerned.
The analysis unit has observed that the most professional criminals take their lessons from their mistakes.
Clokes will order a protocol from which, for example, it may show that fingerprints have been found.
Next time people will be going on for those who are handicapped.
The Commission officer, Commission of Sami Joutjau, the Commission Commission of Sami Joutjau's police station against the police station in Joensau and the criminal inspector, Arto Seppänen, has been interviewed for the Central Assistant Police Chee representative - Commissioner Tero Lepo - Commissioner Sami Joutjaeu from the police and the criminal cheerer, Arto Tuomela, of the central police.
The police will collect and analyse information through which practical action is being planned.
Background in the context of the reduction in the quantities of labour and finance.
The first steps towards a new approach were taken 30 years ago.
The latest change was the three-stage Reform of PORA, which expired at the end of 2013.
Through national cooperation, information is collected from outside the borders of the institution or Finland.
Girls into London on London who have been killed in Syria;
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British training which left last year in order to join the Istainers for London, is rumoured in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunek said that the family of the girl heard this dead Syria Raqqa a few weeks ago.
The News of ITV News on Thursday is that a girl was believed to have died in the Russians who were expressed at Raqqa, an organization base in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old, according to his family, he was killed just when it is planning to force the rotten country from war and to return to Britain.
One hope that the only benefit of the case is that it can act as a bureaucracy and, as a test, that there are real risks involved in the departure of warfare - that it could get people to abandon such a decision.
In February 2015, the training of eastern London was trained in Turkey, which they went through the bus border.
The Sultana family were told that a girl had gone to Syria married to the Islamic fighter and that he had to wash after just a few months.
Mr Reid says Mr Clinton who likes the Supreme Court of Garland, if he chooses:
The democrat leader of the Senate, Harry Reid, says that he is convinced that Mr Hillar Clinto, candidate for President of the Democratic Presidency, will appoint his Judge Mr Merrick Garland's highest right if he is to be elected President.
The Senate republicans have prevented Garland being confirmed when he was appointed by President Barack Obama in March.
The leader of the majority of the Senate, Mr McMonnle, says that the next president will choose the next president to replace Mr Antoni, who is taking the league of the family of the person.
Mrs Reid said in the telephone negotiation on Thursday that he predicts a 'somewhat certification' for Clinton to be elected by Mr Garland.
Mr Reid's representative said later that he had not talked to Mr Clinton directly, Mr Garland, and that was speculation.
He praised Mr Garland and said that Clinton's team does not want to apply the boat with a 'new choice'.
Garland is the main judge of the US Court of Appeal in the judgments of the Columbia.
Mrs Reid said that the appointment of Mr Garland is an obstacle to the representatives of the Republican presidential candidates Donald Trumpin - 'and' potential '.
He said that Trump is a position.
Mr Treats says that the naked calendaries are 'for women as well as men'.
The Treat-time magazine is working together with the photographer of David Bellemer with a view to publishing the 2017 inspirational calendar of Pirell's Pirell inspiration.
But instead of the inadequacies, they are going to find the next generation generation calendar in the next generation century.
Mr Steve Shaw, the Treats Commissioner, told us earlier this year that her letter is different from the old schoolbook Mr Playfoir because 'Playboy is men'.
I do this to women.
Apparently he is thinking that the calendar is for them.
We must begin to present an untenable and classic landscape where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by their naked women's photographs, 'Shaw said in a press release where the calendar was published.
Women wish to be part of this project because that is the beautiful art.
The models can leave pictures through network or personally in open selections in Los Angeles and New York.
The destination: who is actually buying records: who is actually buying?
Single men and middle men love vineyards.
Before the rushes to fulfil the irregularities of the communication which constitute the name of the Mediterranean organized Middle Ages in Belarus, you will see that this argument is based on real information.
Mr Yougov according to the much-talkerned classification process is not because increasing numbers were created by this millennium, but that of the average age of the average age of the average physical objects.
Apparently those who have been bought up in the near future are most likely to be the age of 45 to 45 years of age.
In fact, the buying of records belonging to the 18-24 year-old age group is most unlikely.
It is not just a question of collecting amateurs. It contains an emotional question: older parents become slightly likely to consider their buyers within their feeling (56% clossing 53 per cent) and enjoy exclusive performance (69% 66%).
But what will Mr Yougov's results be?
If that were the television news report, the camera would continue to follow me when there would be an urgent regret in the middle of Soho, the modest grey and hard-won solemnity, before I would stand by and I would say something prestige: 'let us study that in greater detail'.
Let us look into the matter in greater detail.
While Soho's coating force and poor slow elimination - hotels, chain fevers and trade and the office movement are now meeting the buildings in which self-employed movements were in the past - a handful of specialized broad specialized movements remain.
For the following section, I should like to ask the Camera to stop description for a moment when I stand very close to different men when I tried to evaluate their age and their known eradication.
Glasgowintan Stuart, following Sister Rays: two young women, two young women, three middle-aged men.
I ask whether he would collect.
'Ita I am 'saying.
I have something like 3000 or more thousand people.
These access, which are recorded in the picture, sent to the sample e-mail, I did not follow his homes, hide the walls of his resort.
The reason for purchasing an enormous amount and single amount is partly the result of the revenue for his available income: now he can buy the recordings that he could not be able to publish when he was initially published and he can be bought again to those who who was associated when they were when young and financed.
The material I have been buying is the late period of the 1940s and the early 70s, records published when there were 11 or 12, which I think I was a little too young, says that.
He agrees that purchasers of discipline are more likely to be introduced by those who enjoy their own monitoring and that I do not smile and I do not drift much.
That is my speech.
Twenty-five year-old Wer, who is working in Sister Rays, believes that many of the customers he faces suit the Yougov profile.
But he has noticed the people who have been affected by the enthusiasm of the media, people who have heard that the record has been fashioned again and has become the need to purchase old records.
On the basis of the discussions I have had, people have generally been gathered from 1998 or 1999.
The customers who sold their vindy to buy CD now sell CD to buy back they are back.
This can explain the increase in the number of people who have aged on a certain age.
But what about the alleged significance of record?
In trade similar to Phonica itself, it takes a few seconds to realize that the mortality offers a consolating community for similar communities.
According to Wezz, some parents have been injured, especially from the immigration system.
Some hypocrites are able to condemn the digital world and opt for their confidence in the stability of their well-known commodities; objects which create a teenager memory.
I think that sometimes it could be a question of meeting the gap, or some kind of conscience, of which ownership creates. 'Mr Wez says.
As comments myself I recognize that this is true, and I think that is true for many people.
That is the easier way of filling ideas.
'The other worker's social workers said that they suddenly trusted.
The April survey of the IMC revealed that almost 50% of people who had been buying a very lyylinet last month had not listened to it yet.
It was also identified in a questionnaire that 41.0% of them have a broad dispersal, which they would never use, whereas 7.5% of buyers are not resident.
The news report in this respect is likely to be a serious concern when I browsed the polarisation of the nova collections.
This' Prize 'for this wake-up community is something that Mr Sounds of the Universe also (three middle men) experienced by Mr Jonny, 42, have been noticed.
Someone just came in and said: 'I have no authority but I want to buy the leave of Radiohead so that we can put the shelves on the shelf'.
It is not a large share, but it is absolutely essential.
More production, less music.
We have the people saying: 'I have no meltager.
Not parents, therefore, but the younger people, younger people, who are just about to be enthusiastic.
In Foppi, where there are nearly a whole floor of vinyles, there is a much more diversified public.
Seven partners, tourists taking photos, teenagers and middle-aged women.
Although the climate is less relaxed than in the movements mentioned before - the latest Wild Beast's removal of synthesis and sentence pop - not improvisation - it is wonderful to see different customers.
None of them demonstrates particularly single-handed, but extraordinary psychological trauma is difficult to prove the reality by someone by someone of 30 seconds.
Elanaro, 27 has been walking around Mr Foppa for a few minutes looking at the various kinds of sales.
She is conducting window-dressing and not spending a lot of money.
He says that there was a lot of way ahead, so the recession is not really an alternative.
It is expensive.
It is easy to listen to music, whether by computer or something else, but the beauty of that line is...... he is loved.
I don't know how I would explain - and that is really unique '.
My final stagnation is to say that the new generation of producers who have aroused the new vinor leavers, Urban Outfiters.
At a time when I am trying to investigate attendant stores, you observe a group of teenage girls who come across for a moment around the Poloraries before the father and their daughter consider the purchase of the Croesly residence.
The left has a point in which Adelen, Jeff Buckley, Am Winehouse and Fletwood Mac is covered by the mixture of modern music and classical recordings, which is the essential record of the average collection.
I think nobody - perhaps because they are only ordinary - and some people are so high that they would be impossible.
There is a purely 'art' village.
But when you consider that the small attention received from these objects can mean more money for the industry and sending more customers to the deposits of the Sohon deposits, there is not much to complain here.
It comes as no surprise that a section of the population with more likely time and money is more likely to be the one which uses luxury games such as minels.
But even if my findings point to the fact that Yougov's results are correct, at least in Soho, they do not exclude the large number of female collectors and vinyland lovers which exist in the real world, lagging shops and online fora.
These people are likely to work hard in schools or offices.
They really will not be taking up your Thursday morning around the Berwick Street's flat-rate recordings and evade the view of the perpetrators of the perpetrators of the perpetrators of the age of middle-aged men.
Holker is a living backward-looking animal - video report
Scientists say that they have a longer lifestyle than any other planet.
By analysing the shark, Mr Nielsen has said that this record is a barrage between 272 and 512 years and that is five metres long.
French courts reject the demolition of trade in trade against the Jungle refugee camp.
The Court of Justice has rejected the application by the Calais authorities to dismantle tens of temporary transactions and restaurants from the Jungle camp in which thousands of refugees live.
In the Calais authorities, this week, in the Calais authorities, the Calais authorities justified the fact that the state should be able to dismantle 72 temporary trades in which people selling cigarettes from cigarettes selling energy cigarettes, provide a haircut or selling to 50 cents (40 penciles), or selling simple foods in temporary nutritional considerations.
The Calais prefecture justifies the fact that the places should be dismantled because they represent the unpaid economic activity of fiscal economies and they are a risk of fire and sanctions.
The humanitarian groups have told the Court that trade and restaurants are vital saying that the free measures provided by the state-sponsored organization and the other groups do not offer a sufficient food for the increasing number of camps.
They argued that temporary trade and restaurants often offer protection and free meals to those who need them.
The Court in Lille ordered that there are no legal basis for the eviction of 72 transactions but saying that the concern of the Calais prefect was quite understandable.
Judge, Jean-François Molla, said that there were far greater roles in food shops, cafés and restaurants than the feeding of people living under extremely uncertain conditions.
He said that premises offered peaceful meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the seats under three countries was the Jungle Book book Kids of the Camp, whose activities are not necessary and which provide 200 methods on a daily basis, English and French hours and asylum camps for the hundreds of vulnerable, minors.
Over 170, 000 people have signed a petition which wants to protect the child café.
In a letter to Guardian, it was said that the closure of the café would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only eight year-old.
Two charitable organizations, Help Refugees and L'Auberge de migragry, judged from Friday that the number of people in the Jungle camp has reached up to 9 000 - after the number of people reaching the summer in the summer.
Finland, clearly, the price of food is falling faster than the EU average
In Finland food is sharply lower than consumers and the producers' regret.
In Finland, the price of food has fallen by almost 5% in three years when its price calculated by an average of 0.9% in EU countries.
In Germany and Sweden at the same time, food has become more expensive for one percent.
In the last three years, food prices have reduced the largest number of EU countries in Finland which have the same wage level as in Finland.
In Britain only the price of food has fallen faster than in Finland.
Information was expressed by the head of the Development of Statistics, Itkka Lehtinen, which was published in knowledge trendie blog.
Leaflet was compared with real tariffs, the prices relating to the general development of consumer prices.
This year is the latest information.
The price of food at the beginning of the 2010s rose strongly.
In 2013, prices painted near the 1994 level.
The situation was alarming.
"We were approaching the price loss of price which, with EU membership, Lehtinen is saying.
More than turn, food has become cheaper for years.
Now the price imposed by Russia on imports of food imposed by Russia, which has blocked food exports from Finland to Russia.
That is why the supply of milk and meat products on the Finnish market has increased and the prices of agricultural producers have fallen.
The policy of Mr Putin has helped the Finnish consumer in the short term 'Lehtinen'.
Industrial and commercial prices have also contributed to a reduction in the price.
Both of the large chains of commerce have calculated their prices.
The consumer has reflected price competition as a campaign of advertising.
Finland still does not have an advantageous food shock, even though the price of food has fallen in abundance.
In 2015, food in Finland was in Finland for the fourth the more expensive EU countries which had the same wages as Finland.
The price of food sold in Finland shows a significant influence on value added tax at the cost of food sold in Finland.
He found that if the floor countries had the same VAT rate, they would sell in Finland the same levels of wage cost the cheapest food for the same country.
The leaf compared Finland in Denmark, Sweden, Austria, France, Italy, Britiana, Germany and the Netherlands.
If the rate of VAT in terrorist countries were seven, only the Germans and the Netherlands would be more favourable than the Finns.
'Wo wish to access the level of the old EU countries at the price of food, to halve the amount of the Member States of the EU countries and continue to compete prices, Lehtinent.
Mr Lehtinen points out that the calculations he made in the VAT rate are going.
That school no longer exists!
It might be noticed that in schools there has been a change in school during the summer.
There is a new curriculum for schools which will be introduced at the beginning of the period in all sectors.
That is the instruction that all schools in Finland are taking place.
The schools themselves decide on the details, but the plan reflects the formal objectives.
These new instructions have been prepared for several years and they differ from old agreements in many ways.
Among other things, the learning of literature is abolished, and instead it begins to coding in schools.
Swedish educational education is already beginning to six categories at the latest and society is already reading in a quarter.
The main change, however, concerns the role of pupils.
It was thought that teachers teach pupils, but now everyone should be able to learn from each other.
That is the way in which we are trying to make schools more interesting.
Long-living background found in the world - let up to 400 years
The Greenland as a well-known Greenland (Somnosius microcehalus) achieves maturity at 150 years old.
It can then report for a further 250 years to report on new research.
The figures make the species of the longest-lanest age of the modern world.
As far as animals are concerned, it is only overtaken by the Icelandic service, whose oldest well-known individuals have been recognized at 507 years.
Greenland shark is beaming the North Atlantic.
They have another record: they are one of the biggest fish in the Arctic region.
Narneam longer people longer, they can increase to more than more than fiftheries.
As the pace of growth is slow, according to subsequent follow-up, adult individuals have been living for some time now.
But for how long?
Mr Julius Nielsen's University of Copenhagen with his colleagues made clear.
He determined the 28 out of the adult refrigerators who were fishermen who were left with fishermen.
The age of fish was demonstrated by the age of surprising radio agglomeration.
The average shark shark proved to be at least 272 years.
The sample of the two main fish, 4943 and 5020 people were revealed for about 335 and 392 years.
However, since previous investigations have stated that frustrators will only achieve the maturity of more than formal qualifications, scientists fell that they are around 150-year-old at that stage.
A survey has published Science.
Almost 300, sales from Stockmann - dealers will not be reduced
Almost 300 workers are being laid out of the supply company Stockmann.
The companies in the company faced with difficulties ended at the beginning of August.
The result of the negotiations will result in a reduction in about 300 jobs, mainly being made of redundancies'.
It provides for the number of sellers of commercial businesses not to be reduced so that the customer service is not suffering.
In addition, around 80 operational workers will be provided with a new work seller.
The Stockmann negotiations concerned around 3 000 workers.
There were about 380 workers estimated at the beginning of the need for reduction.
The reduction will be to achieve annual savings of around EUR 20 million a year in the course of the course of next year.
Mr Stockmann has already started an efficiency programme to save EUR 50 million this year.
The difficulties are behind the difficulties of Stockmann for the supply trade.
Although the group's correction of the business improved in the second quarter to EUR 11.1 million, the trade in supermarkets continues to be lost.
According to Mr Stockmann, the Chief Executive Director, Mr Veijaina, said that sales in the shops have not reached the company's objectives.
'The staffing reductions are unfortunately necessary in order to ensure the positive transaction of Mr Stockmann's Retail business in 2018, 'Beijing says a communication.
Behind the second quarter of the result in the cloth chain, the clothing chain in particular was a good success in Lindex.
The chain reached its best quarter of a quarter of the second quarter and its results.
Overcapacity in Lindex increased by EUR 9.5 million to EUR 28.1 million.
Last year, the whole business of the Stockmann group was 4.1 million to be loss.
Mr Stockmann estimates that this year's turnover for this year will be reduced from last year.
The corrective business result is expected to be somewhat positive this year.
On Friday there is the most reading in the north - temperature less than 20 degrees throughout the country.
The low-pressure centre in the northern Finnish project keeps the rain on the weather on Friday, indicates the HS meteorologist in Ilona Láng.
There will also be rotations in the central country, but the south is pointed out.
The temperature is no longer the summer because the whole country is leaving less than 20 degrees.
The rainfall in the north remains between 10 and 15 degrees.
The doping scandal - a bizarre explanation of the manufacturer's tearmacking - a shake-up of the Kenyan Athletics team sports team.
The Kenyan Atlantic Spongier John Annrrah was sent to the Rio Olympics home after the fact that Anzradier performed the land team in the sports doping test.
The news Agency indicated that the sportsperson which tried to appear in Angradi is the same star of 800 metres in Ferguso Rotich.
The Kenyan national leadership, Stephen Arap Soi, told us that Anrrah's identity was revealed following his sample test in Rotichi.
Doping forces went to the Anzrah authorities.
I received an Andrian home because he made his offence against the national team of Kenya '.
She presented himself as a sportsperson, a brand show and even signed the documents.
We cannot accept this behaviour, 'The chairman of the Olympic Committee for the Olympic Games in Kenya, in turn, should rogue news agency in Reuters'.
Common sport from the Olympics starts on Friday and Rotichi is to run at once.
It is not yet known whether the running is known about the consequences following the event.
Rotich launched last year in the Form on the fourth trip and is in advance winner fabric of the Rio Rio.
According to Reuters, according to Reuters, in the context of the sports team classified in Kenya, it was claimed that Anzrar was only a card for an accreditation card in order to obtain free meals in a volatility.
When the anti-doping agents were faced with him, they were supposed to be a sportswoman and they were to test.
The coach did not explain the situation to officials because I feared that they reported.
Where is everybody?
Rio International Athiational Stadio has run overwhelmingly.
Which is all?
Certainly not the Olympic Games in Rio.
Rio began on a Friday struggle for the medals of sport but the emergencies in the world were allowed to present their skills to their abstention.
On Friday, Rio has organized that only 58% of the first flags of the first day and 65% of evening flags have been sold.
Four years ago in London, where the stadium was ruling out of cheering.
The flags of the Fina Eastern Fina have been completed in Rio already.
The disappearance of the Rio Olympics even before the attention is concerned.
There have been thousands of empty benches, for example.
When Brazil is medal in Talitane Antunes and Laris, Franca playing at the legendary fleet in Copacabana was only 70%.
After Brazil after Brazil, the Netherlands played against Russia and 12, 000 out of thought were full of about 30%.
Ladies and gentlemen, at least is the fact that in financial difficulties Brazil is far from the European and Asian tourists, and many species of the Olympic species are used to the Brazilians who are used to football.
Yet even the first game of the Brazilian football pocket did not allow it to be withdrawn from the football stadium.
The Community's spokesman, Mr Mario Andrada, told the weekend that 82% of tickets had been sold at that time, which is clearly lower than four years ago.
OK 1.1 million remains to be sold, 'Mr Andrada said according to Reuters.
Out of the 8.5 million tickets from the London Olympics, 8.2 million were sold, even though the flags of almost 50% more than 50% were borne by the flags than in Rios.
The prices of the tickets in Rio have fluctuated at around EUR 9 to over a thousand of the opening.
Over half of the tickets pay less to EUR 16.
In the Olympic Games in London, volunteers and military personnel were sitting by empty positions, but it has not yet been permitted in Rio, since the organizers need the money and try to get tickets sold until the last minute.
In Rio, organizers have issued a total of 240 000 tickets for schoolchildren in less well-known species such as golf and rugby.
The Rio Stadione hosted empty seats in the morning.
Even a coastal flight fleet of COpaca cabaca has not been interested in the public.
Jukka Central Competition competed in London in London.
People in the galleries were sufficient.
A new way of protecting nature - the right to such land.
The Helsinki Foundation is the one which participates in the protection of the natural environment.
Last year's Foundation is acquiring ecologically important natural resources.
Since then, private, business and communities will be able to deliver money for holders' rights to the land.
The Foundation has purchased its first land of Lapland.
The land is virtually divided against payment of holders' rights.
The holder is in 187 with the right of veto for the square of the square, which in practice means that there is no need for approval by each holder if the application of land is to be changed.
Several block rights can also be acquired.
Building up the right of administrative law is something that can be left or given as a legacy.
You do not need to go into banners or shackle itself somewhere in order to protect nature.
Precise location information has been received from the right of administration, which will enable, for example, visits to be visited.
The applications of holding rights which appear on the Foundation's water site is the same in the map for land-based information.
It is only through the foundation's idea that the workings of the Foundation are changing its original idea.
The Helsinki Foundation has been set up as a universal foundation aimed at promoting the environment and natural protection.
The risk is that the Foundation works in an unethical or commercial way, but that should not be possible.
The very idea of the Helsinki Foundation Haltidation project is the protection of natural areas so that they can be intolerable and peaceful.
The foundation obtains terrestrial areas either by purchasing or doing.
It finances its activities mainly for the sale of holders' rights, but the Foundation has received from its founding capital.
The purpose of the Foundation is to acquire more protection countries.
It is also aimed outside of Finland's borders and is planning an imperative for Australia.
The Helsinki Foundation is presenting his pop-out in the Helsinki trade show on 13-19 August.
Central Government tortures of big cities Turku - looking the situation as homework
Cyclic theft tortures the worst Turku in Finland.
It has been stolen this year in a proportionate number of inhabitants than in 9 other largest cities.
In Helsinki, the messages explained to the police, on the basis of the actions that have been informed by the police, which in the ten biggest cities has been stolen bicycles and parts per thousand populations in January this year in August this year.
In addition to Turku, the top increased Helsinki, Oulu and Lahti.
According to police information, they took place in four areas of five per 1000 inhabitants.
Instead, the police were informed in Espoo and Kouvola only some two wheeling theft per 1000 inhabitants.
It is, after all, a great difference.
In other cities, as a result of the population, the wholesale quotas compared with theft compared with other people 'are characterized by the Police Controller, Tommi Tommi Reen'.
The Turku police are wondering why this city is at the forefront of comparison.
It is extremely difficult to say why there have been more stolen in Turkey than elsewhere.
I have no answer.
It is impossible for the prevalence of the threats to contribute to the extent of wheelchair in the city and how much there is a portion at all. Let us consider Mr Temmu Temmu's Temmu Temmur!
The police government, Tommi Reen, has been quite expected that Turke, the Helsinki and Oulu are at the top of the benchmark.
The numbers of cycling thieves are, to a great extent, depending on the study and bicycle centres.
In Turku, there is a close centre, short distances and a great many rounder available.
For example, in turn, Espoo is a different type of city in which urban centres are interconnected and not necessarily the priority mobility instrument.
In the whole of Finland, police information has been rather less bicycle in January than in the competitiveness of the past year.
I am sure great joy is not the subject of great joy.
Notwithstanding the downward trend in recent years, the police will have just more than 20 000 biveline theft on an annual basis.
That means between 50 and 50 fills every day and in Helsinki alone about 4 000 wheel per year.
'Yes are the big quantities', Mr Reen.
In fact the veneers will have more to revolve, because only part of the victims are reported to the theft of the police.
I recommend that people are criminally committing crimes on the theft of the wheelchair, even though fewer than every ten police cases come out.
A typical clarification is the one in which the police will have the theft of the information and stay in their blood.
'The cases are also obtained in connection with other investigations, when, for example, housing in drugs can find the stolen reserves', Ree says.
In Helsinki, there will be a thieve strike every week in connection with the action or police investigation telling the older compassic Timo Leppäki.
She says, for example, there is the question of wheels of commercial businesses, inner cigarettes, stores and bikes, i.e. virtually everywhere, where they are maintained in general.
In previous years, Jopojis is being most still being stolen from individual bicycles.
UAR gives better protection than a number of other forms.
For example, some of the type are taking on short-term use, but a large percentage of the stolen rounds remain sales through the notion, for example.
It remains in the homeland's market.
'Ceculating in the police has not come to know the stolen abroad ', Mr Reen.
According to the police, the purchasers of stolen bravers are the ordinary Finns.
The Commission purchases some of them without knowing the stolen wheel.
There might be doubts about that.
The buyer that has been spent must be monitored because she can be guilty of a crime of crime or infringement.
'Yor alarm bells should be ringing if the besert wheel is below cost cost '- the Ree says.
A special licence force, Severi Hirvi, is colonising his colour, at any time in his working hours in Helsinki.
There have been five paragraphs, but it has not been stolen, the Hervise telling us that there have never been an effective monk.
Perhaps that is not so much attractive to the thief, this is not necessarily an equivalent in Helsinki.
In the minority in Helsinki in Kallio, Mr Valve received a small type of your bicycle.
Now the bicker washed up against the wall, but it is usually closing their wheels somewhere, such as wheelchairs.
'Yourd quite a lot, because this bicycle is the most expensive matter ', the Helsinki student says on the white which has cost about five hundred euros alone.
'Un considerably listen to the makes that the riot has been taken '.
'The most bad the wheels such as that kind of Jopio '.
Whether they were stolen the inner house of the house company a year ago.
The wheel had not been cleared up, so Mr Valve expected it to be appropriated.
Benefit to those who are under 15 years of accountability for their crimes?
Helsinki tests familiar with the United States with equality benchmarks
The so-called peer war crews are tested in Helsinki to prevent young people falling into a criminal spiral.
Then the experiment will be applied to the young people who are under 15 years of less than 15 years of criminal liability.
The peer representative is missing from the first young crime.
The idea is that the peer crews will be discussing with the perpetrator of a crime and a sanction.
A week later, the perpetrator will be able to join the benchmarking crimes itself to make up for its actions.
Other consequences could be a letter for the family, for example, which explains what has been done and what lessons have been learnt from it.
Mr Laito, the Yome Commission, tells us that this model is not rigorous.
There are other models of conciliation which will be used in parallel.
'The movement of young people is more responsible so that not everything should be surrendered by the first mistake 'Laito is telling us'.
The peer regime has been taken from the United States of America, where it is broadly in use.
The idea is that young people after their first crime should be brought before the adult panel, but the reflex of which has taken place about the same age.
This model has been tried once.
The service organizing office following the experiment, Mrs Lovia, says that it was an abuse which was successfully investigated.
In particular, the first crimes of less than 15 years will not necessarily be dealt with at all.
It has been the message that you continue on the way you have chosen, 'Lovia says'.
The pertaining crew is part of the Helsinki project in Helsinki, the Helsinki City and the Foundation for Helsinki.
Loving stresses that new policies will be offered to everyone, not just for the heads of migrants.
More than 70 republican conservativers want the party to stop funding the Trumpi campaign
Over 70 influential Republicans are said to be signed by a letter asking for a party to put an end to the funding of the Donald Trumpi's presidential campaign.
The letter was the news of the American magazine Politico, who had received it in order to see the draft.
According to the newspaper, the open letter is directed at the Chairman of the Republican Republican Committee, Rence Priebus.
The signatories would like to see the party money being channelled into the Trumpt campaign for the Congress Campaign.
We believe that the disagreements caused by Mr Donald Tumpus and his integrity, incompetence and record levels of unpopularity are threatening to bring these elections to the votes of the votes in these elections, according to the Politico letter.
Only the immediate targeting of all possible funds in the Congressional elections can prevent the Republicans from drowning the Trummp dismissal.
According to the letter, the decision should not be a difficult one, because the presidential elections will be reduced every day by the Trumps.
Politici writes that the letter is intended to be sent in the next week.
Amongst the signatories include politicians Gordon Humphy, Chris Shaes, Tom Coleman and Vin Weber.
One of the organizations of the letter is that Mr Trumps opposes the Republican Mr Andrew Weinstein.
According to Mr Politiciton, Mr Weinstic said that the letter will be coming from people who want a party protection majority in Congress and that it is not a matter of support for anybody.
The letter lists a number of Donald Trumpt who believe there were violations of millions of voters.
In addition, he has said that there have been dangerous authoritarian tendencies.
In the previous week, 50 officers working on national security announced in an open letter that they will not take Donald Trumpi as President.
Clinton promises relief for US families with children.
In the United States, the Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, addressed the details of his economic policy on a Thursday evening.
I am going to be President so that the American economy is going well for everyone.
Donald Trump is trying to be President in order to make the economy well his economy, 'Mr Clinton has said in his speech. "
The centralization of the Clinton programme contains a massive five-year programme of USD 275 billion to improve the US infrastructure - roads, bridges and airports.
This would be partly funded by means of the rich tax increases, partly through private money.
The building programme is a handcut for American drains who suffer from factories to countries working in cheap work.
Clinton called the programme as the biggest investment in good jobs following the Second World War.
We are building the building site! We must go back!
Clinto said.
On Thursday Mr Clinton also promised to facilitate the position of families working for working children.
On Thursday he sounded to Mr Sanders when he stressed that the rich should pay fair taxes.
And if a company leaves taxation from the United States, it should pay a steering tax, Mr Clinton said.
Today he is opposed to the Pacific Free Trade Treaty, which she before supports.
[Later President] President, I am opposed to any trade agreement which operates against workers or wages. 'Clinto promised.
According to speculation by the Washington Post prior to the Clinton speculation, I think Clinton was going to criticize the economic programme published by the Republican Republican Republican Republican Monday that 'millions of millions of this kind are'.
The reduction proposed by Mr Clinton previously proposed by Mr Trumpi referred to 'Trumps' loophole.
On Thursday Mr Clinton stressed that he is the daughter of the small businessman.
He reminded people listening to the small businessmen whose calculations were not paid by the Trump, which the Trumpu itself is producing in China and Mexico.
If he wants to become large America again, he should start by making products themselves in America.
These are Rio Federations: the Games have not referred to the Finnish boxes, but the mobile application is interesting
In usual terms, sporting authors will be reflected in the viewing statistics of television as a human book.
So far the Olympic Games in Rio have not reached spectacular viewpoints.
For once, the games have been grounded around 12% of the population: Tuesday's bather was followed by the 615 000 viewers over TV2 at the same time.
By way of comparison: one month back in the European commercial sports TVV received nearly 800, 000 viewers, and the European football communities were far removed from another million.
For the time being, there has been an interest in Sunday evening's cycling of Sunday night from the Olympic species and the opening of the Fifth Games opened, both of which reached almost half a million viewers at a time.
Mr Panu Pokkin, my head of sport, is satisfied with high-quality spectators and reminds us that, for the first time in the Roon Olympics, a number of different instruments are divided in the Roon Olympics.
It is not only television, the Finnish observers of the Olympic Games Rio areas.
We welcome the extent to which a large number of TV companies choose the Olympics in general.
On behalf of the television, viewpoints will be divided between TV2 and Yove Fem.
The Olympics in Rio are the first sporting rules for which they have been devoted to an entire channel.
Once it comes from 24 hours to 24 hours and the various spends from 20, 000, 000 to 500, 000, then that is a good basis.
The viewers are less than those in the 2012 London Games or the 2008 Beijing Games, but the difference explains a time difference - a large part of Rio Grasm broadcasting comes into night in Finland.
Another reason for the wasteful interest - if it is now being weakened - is certainly a traditional Finnish reason: if Finland had made an initial surprising concentration medal, the interest would be upwards.
Sport is also just beginning, as others interest the Finnish species: sailing and equipment.
In the beginning, the number of viewing quantities has been quite close by Mr Pokiat.
When the ather-sporting population begins, the viewing figures are blowing.
The mobile application, which reached the end of the Games in the first few days of the Games, reached the Games as a free application of Apple App App.
By Monday, it was 1500 times downwards.
I would tell the view that now we are already going around 200 000 charges.
'The network rates are subsequently to be taken '.
Rio Areea has not worked with the hope of all users.
Pokkaking says that feedback has been ordered and faults have been rectified.
The use of Rio areas has been accompanied by delays and other small technical problems in the early stages.
There have been updated versions of the applications, which should remedy the mistakes.
The overall channels and arena reflect the Rio Olympics more widely than any other sporting event before.
Mr Fem, you can follow some species and Radio You address the Games every day.
The Olympic Games are not only the worker, Mr Ylemle, but also for the last points which can only be followed by over-channels.
From 2018 onwards, the Olympic Games will be reflected by both the global and commercial channels.
How does it deeper it to Finland?
According to the official statistics, Finland's deepest lake is your Päijänne, whose deepest represents 95.3 metres of Parliament.
That might be even more appropriate.
Technology school training Matti Kanmela recovered from the community from about 20 square metres, the bottom of the submarine data showing 104 metres.
In the summer of 2014, the Finnish Environmental Centre has tried unnecessarily to confirm the finding by means of sonarch.
The method does not necessarily find slight deepening of the 100 metres, a developmentary entity Jarie HAKALA.
So far, the official depth is still 95.3 metres.
Other deep lakes are Inari lord (92 metres) and in the Guaeval (90 metres).
The over 80 metres go to Saima, Tomoste and the Project.
They have not been as closely investigated as Mr Väijänka.
The basis of Inari, in particular, has not been closely identified.
'Wearliers could well found unknown deepest ', Mr Kannella is considering.
If you define the deep lakes through the average, it is a great Jukarre, 23 metres.
If you look at this, you will not take Mr Päijänze to the top of the world and the Swedish water will be further further.
Correction on 12 August: a final paragraph corrected: the last paragraph in which the deepest lakes were wrong.
The IHLIAN tax: the taxation of pensioners continues to be tighter
The taxation of pensioners is still tiresome than the employees.
IHILIA says that the parliamentary elections and the taxation of pensioners were promised equality for workers.
It does not include that in the Government's proposal.
We think that should definitely be the case in this respect.
Promises which have been given should be conducted in the wake of the elections, he is saying in the West Media.
At the beginning of this year, wage-earners arrived at the income reduction in taxation.
It was heartening in the parliament opposition representatives who crossed the finance minister, Alexander Stubb, on the election promises.
Purchasing power is protected; it does not.
The orientation proposed by Mr Petertier Orpon, Minister of Finance Petterio Orpon (Kok) presents tax reductions according to Ihola, and not an increase in purchasing power because there will be no increase in wages next year.
He says that the tax reduction will have a positive effect on purchasing and employment if other matters do not increase people's uncertainty.
IHLIA welcomes Prime Minister Juha Sipila (Besk) and Orpo's messages to respect the competitiveness agreement reached.
He says that keeping to the agreement is important from a credibility point of view.
It is the most important step for economic and employment policy in the government period.
It has been the strength of the labour market organizations, so it should not be badly questioned.
This is necessary because the economy is so dependent on domestic demand and people's faith in their own futures.
Protracted unemployment must be tackled in the progressive sector.
IHLIGAN appeals to the government to tackle long-term unemployment in the budgetary ferries, at least to halt its growth.
There were about 17 000 long-term unemployed in June than in the year earlier.
He says that if growth is not stopped, the government's objective of raising employment levels to 72% is running out.
He warns that if the challenge of unemployment falling into consideration ignores, then it is a very high social decline.
Ambassador: not Finnish victims knowingly in Thailand
Thailand evening last night and last night in the bomb attacks last night in Finland lost at least four people.
The embassy is calling on the Finns of the country to be vigilant and to avoid the most urgent tourist areas and to monitor the instructions of the authorities.
There is no need for Finnish citizens in Thailand to withdraw their journey because of their explosions, but the instructions of the embassy for caution are worthy of compliance with the Westphalia saying.
In Thailand very little of the Finns
According to Westphalen, Thailand is currently very little in Finland, although their exact numbers are hard to judge.
Finnish people from Thailand are taking place at the end of the year.
Most Thailand tourists come from southern Europe and China at this time of year.
The Finnish embassy has received some remarks from Finland in Thailand via Facebook after bomb attacks.
The embassy has seen the Finns in Hua in particular to obtain information about the situation in the city.
However, many of our counterparts in Lua Hin are absent from the city at the moment.
Generally speaking, it all seems to be well, Mr Westphale.
No information
According to Westphalia, there is still no information about the factor in the attacks.
The Ambassador believes that events may join the political unrest in society in Thailand and the referendum last week on the Constitutional Constitution by the military junta.
It was passed in a referendum.
The referendum was not an open, democratic process.
People were arrested, amongst other things, who declared their opposition to the law.
In Thai, in the southern provinces of Thailand, the Muslim national conflict is linked to the Muslim population, Mr Westphale says.
Muslims want to increase their right to self-determination.
But, in the past, the attacks have not been extended to tourist lines.
Today, there are large local and local celebrations in Bangkok, the Westphale saying.
He said that you will be celebrating the Queen's birthday and mother day.
There is very little transport in the city.
The attacks are affecting the course of the day so that the authorities are extremely precise of safety.
The Thai police: attacks does not concern international terrorism.
According to the police, the attacks are 'local sabotage' and differ from the usual terrorist attacks.
The Islamic terrorism is also excluded, according to Thai police news agency, according to AC.
In Thailand, at least four people have been killed in Thailand when 11 bombs have been exploited around the country, for example in favour of tourists in Phuker and Hu Hin.
The Finnish people are also a tourist destination, a holiday Phukel exploited at night by the four bomb, referring to the Thai newspaper Bangkok Post.
According to current information, they did not call for casualties.
Perhaps two went away from the bombs according to Patong Beach.
In addition, two bombs were exploded in Phang-Ngassa, where one person was wounded according to the newspaper.
Under the authority of local authorities, the recommendation, according to local authorities, has exploded four bombs yesterday and today.
At least one died in both double bomb attacks.
Furthermore, in the village of Than in South Thailand and the town of Trang in Trang, there are at least one bombed.
There was at least one person in both attacks.
Mr Surat Than is also familiar to many tourists because it drives Kop Sam, Pha Ngan Ngan and Koma Tao island.
Knowledge of the attacks
The perpetrator of the attack, Mr Chan-O, of the Thai Military Jungarian Government, according to the attack, is not yet known.
Bombs are an attempt to create chaos and confusion.
We should not fuel people to shed more, he said the journalists.
Against the background of Deputy Prime Minister Gen Gen Prawiti Wongswan, the Deputy Prime Minister for Security, at least the attacks by the Hua Hin and Trangin are interlinked.
He said to Mr BSB that the perpetrators have had to destroy the country, because all the attacks have taken place in the tourist destinations.
The Finnish embassy calls on the Finns in the country to be vigilant and avoid the urgent tourist areas and to follow the authorities' guidelines.
The Finnish people intending to Thailand should not be withdrawing their trip because of their explosions, but the instructions of the embassy for caution are worthwhile to follow, Mr Westphale.
Wounded Europeans
There are very few knowledge of the attacks and the victims of Finland night.
A slightly more information has been made yesterday evening to Hua Hin Hin.
It died local women and injured more than 20 others, including nine foreign tourism.
Those who are injured are at least the German, Italian, Dutch and Austrians.
At least three people were wounded in the latter attack on the Lua Hin.
Two bombs were to be seen by a well-known killing tower.
Mr Thai PBS says that the police have been isolated by the Chua Hin in Hu Hin, which it believes that it has found another bomb.
Surat Than was bombed by the Governor of the province of Government.
In the attack, the municipal worker died.
There are at least one wounded.
In an interview with CNN, the Cheer of Surat Than was also using two bombs who have exploited about half an hour every half of hours.
According to Bangkok's posting, bombies exploited two different police positions.
United States Biles won on women's four surfaces.
United States Alexandra Rasman was the second point 60.09 and Russia Mstafina the third point of 58.566 points.
Biles, 18, there are still numerous championships at Rio with permanence, intensity and batteries.
Biles has been dominated by the intensity of women in recent years.
He three persons personally eight personal world championships.
She has won three times both beginning and the year between the last time and the year.
Mr Biles has achieved two world competitions in the United States team.
Smaller WM medals in Biles bear a tragedy and sheep.
Thai Finnish entrepreneur: the fact that 'there is no effect on tourism'.
The property officer in Thailand Phuket in Phuketh in Thailand and the plating of children in the same property, the ESA, have no concern about the influence of Thailand's bomb attacks on tourism.
If there are not further shocks, then I do not think that there will be anything won, an assessment of the Finnish forces in Asia for about twenty years working for the Hungarians.
The experienced entrepreneur has seen close many tragedies affected by Thailand.
There are always something here.
First there was the tsunami, then avian influenza and the bombing of last year in Bangkok.
If those previous previous entities have not deported tourists, that is hardly the case.
The offices of the planting company are based on a number of hundreds of miles away from the explosion point.
The plate consulted our own workers attack.
The worker called from the nine to nine local times and said that it would not be useful to the office.
The platform says that both the coastal collection and the main imperative Banglade Road were totally closed down this morning.
Many of my local workers came to the morning as usual in the morning.
They thought that road boats were being put on the Kingdom by the birthday, they say and refers to Friday celebrations in Thailand.
The tunnel in Patong was calm and the main studies were allowed to open about 10 local time.
On the shore, many people were not even hearing attacks.
Half three days in Thailand, Patoni time had normalized traffic and a large number of shops opened its doors.
On the basis of frontiers, the explosion is quite small, Mr President-in-Office of the Commission.
Later, this car was seen in the Jouxholmist company in Kruipual.
When the police has been in the proceedings, a car was set to return.
The Party identified two types of holdings as a suitable man with hiding in close six.
The other men were implemented immediately.
Another went through, but then the man was found later on from hunting through a police dog police.
Men are suspected of the theft of the motor vehicle, theft and outrageous damage.
The police would like to thank you for its guidelines.
Research manager Russia's leadership amendments: clear marginalization
On Friday, Russia was changed in high-ranking leadership for years when President Vladimir Putin dismissed his administration, Mr Sergei Ivanovo.
Mr Ivanov's successor is an Estonian 44-year-old Antoino Quino.
She is diplomatic of his diplomat and Mr Ivanov's senior men.
Mr Kangapus says that Mr Ivanovi's separation can be a reason for Mr Putin's desire to prevent strong people around him to gather too much power.
He adds that recycling management is one of the practices of power.
That is a way of preventing people from accumulating the independent power of the President.
According to Kangapushop, it is also possible for Mr Ivanov to be committed by other leaders.
Drones of Status Avanovi
Ivanov Ivanov, members of Putin, is the specific task of environmental and transport missions.
Following the presentation of state media, Putin said a change into a joint decision.
Mr Putin indicated that Mr Ivanov itself has asked for a transfer from other tasks and proposing to replace the persecution, the report by Mr Russia Today.
Mr Kangapus says that, from the point of view of Mr Ivanov, it is a clear duplication of status.
Environmental and transport matters are not very high in Russia.
He points out that Mr Ivanov has been one of the most important people at the top of Russian power.
I also had an important role to play in the Presidential Security Council.
Mr Ivanov was working with Mr Putin during the KGB during the Soviet Union.
He was possible as a successor to Putin in 2008, but Mr Medvedev was the President.
Mr Kangalurgo points out that the old guard, for example Governors, has been exchanged in Russia recently.
The older scientist Katri Pynneniemies of the institute is more interesting than the seat of Mr Ivanov is that Mr Putin is changing younger people in your interests.
In withdrawing Syria, civilians used civilians to civilians
They used civilians a human shield while feeding the city of Jarubaux so that we do not seek them, Mr Sheffard Darwish, the representative of the military council in Manbid.
According to Syria Observatory for Human Rights, civilians were invested in hundreds of cars in which they were taken to Jarabul.
Last week the Arab and Kurdish defenders received approximately 90% of the Issian city importance.
It is estimated that tens of Jihadists were then left in the city.
Recently at 30 news, we mistakenly told us that civilians were fleeing the city, really Isus fighters were kidnapped by civilians when they are fleeing the city.
Professor: the Directorate-General for the Interior of the Interior stands illegally
The Interior Ministry's line on public access to documents is illegal, says public law Professor Tom Voutiila from the University of Eastern Finland.
Mr Voutilainen says to STT that public access to documents cannot be based on the authority's own lines but is based on the law.
The Ministry of the Interior refused to surrender a list of participants in the Interior Minister earlier on to Ilta-Sanomi.
The minister justified this decision with guidance from the Council of Governments and the fact that the information was recorded in the Minister's calendar and not in the accounting material.
The Communication leader of the Ministry says to STTA that the Minister has recognized the need to reform practices.
The last Olympic Gall of Mr Bolti starts with in Rio
As in recent years, the Bolt values have run up against the time.
He insulted his rearrangements and had to leave the Olympic Mr Jamaica's Olympic Carcinogen.
It has not been a perfect preparation but I am much better off.
I have been well practised and that is the key point, Mr Bolt said in a press conference in Rio.
That press conference contained lots of sambatic announcements and fans changed suppliers.
In the light of Mr Bolt, your star has been increased over the period when the public sport has been fighting with doping scandals and the significant interest when it comes to shifting interests.
In Athens, at the beginning of 200 metres at the beginning of the 200-metre, the previous loss in the Olympic Games became at 2.05 by Bolti.
At that time, at the year of 17, young people were the young promise to slow down the injuries and loose positions.
Four years later, in Beijing, his period of privilege began in 100 metres where he crushed the world record and the final self-cent confidence of competitors, despite the final self-confidence of 9.69.
It is difficult.
A year later at the World Cup at the Berlin World Cup has reached the legislative point in his career.
The world record in Berlin in 9.5 hundred metres and 19.19 in two hours continues to be in force.
In Rio Bolt has indicated that it is seeking to record the world record of 200 metres and 19 seconds, but it does not believe anyone else other than Mr Bolt itself.
One hundred challenges for 100 Bolt is the 100th Central Olympic winner in Athens 2004, Mr Justin Gatl.
Last year at the Beijing-WMIN Final Bolt defeated America by only one farm section.
In its Beijing Republic I have not disappeared in the Final Tina in Beijing beginning in Beijing, if the journey has come about.
In Daegus in 2011 a hundred countries of the World Final Centre or Boltí without running as a result of cryptography.
In just over the last week, Mr Bolt meets 30 on 30.
She is the old man of young men and the Rio Games are his last Olympics.
In writing. - The last career Bold has set the World Cup for next year in London.
Those are the Olympic Games which separate me from the others.
I am an additional and more difficult.
But whenever I am in the subject countries I would remind you that this year I have to do this three months ago in an interview with Sports Islustride.
Rio reveals: two sportsmen are suspected of doping:
According to the Xinhua Chinese news agency, the Chinese Marisher, Chen Xini, has provided a positive shock at the Rio Olympics.
Chinese Marification Chen Xinji doping was found in traces of banned substances.
The Bulgarian newspapers are also suspected of doping.
In addition, Kenyan attitudes were home to home because he handed doping on behalf of the sportsman.
Mrs Danevoke has provided doping sample, with signs of editorial hormones.
She was located in Rio for the fourth women's 100 metre bulleting.
According to the Brazilian newspaper Estadio, the Chinese officer has taken his doping Chinese sports tribunal to the International Court of Appeal to the CAS.
Mr Xinhu points out that it would have been possible for Mr Xinji, on Sunday, that there had been signs of a diuperisation entitled hyrochloroeiadiates.
There have been other doping suspicions in Rio.
The BBC newsled that Silvia Danekova, a Bulgarian women style, has given doping signs with signs of hormones.
Kenya has been transitted for Rio to the popular sporting administrator as a result of the doping.
The International Olympic Committee reported on Thursday that the Kenyingaire coach was conducted in a test situation and had provided doping in favour of that.
According to media information, it is a Kenygal era John Anzrah.
The Daily Mailli had used the situation 800 metres storage passports in Ferguson Rotichine.
Historical gold was not blocked - historical gold was not blocked - historical gold wasted.
Most successfully, the successful athlete of the Olympic History, United States Michael Phelps, 200 metres in relation to 200 metres locations in Rio.
Michael Pleps has already won 22 of the Olympic Games.
At the same time, the Phelps was the first bridge to the same species of the same species in four successive games.
Mr Phells's victory time was 4.5.6.
Japan Hagino is the second placed before China Wang Sang Shuni.
I will only try to keep a bit fun, the BBC commentator of the Olympic Games, Helen Skellon, laughtide in the finishing interview in Ialtren.
Helen Skelton (i.e.) On Monday we have seen the Iltari websites read out on Monday.
Commenting Mrs Rebecco Adlington next.
If there is a minor form of straightforway in the some or the British press, Skellon will not be strong either for his revealing and extraordinary living.
The television is, indeed, a visionary media, emphasizing.
Mr Skellon is wearing interest rates into shovers and a short mercile which is certainly sufficiently revealing - at least for the eyes of many conservative British circumstances.
But there is no such thing as a step forward.
It is important to look good and the small spectacle is just a good thing.
Mr Skelton certainly wants to stand by and perhaps be handicapped, but he emphasizes that there is no willingness to play a leading role.
I think that is not the point he says.
A sporting sport is being considered and there must be fokers in sportspeople.
It should not be as reasonably how I waste.
Can I believe that competition has reached the beginning of Finland?
I cannot but everything pertains to the question of the way in which these bathers are making hommons and how large they will be sacrificed to me, Mr Skelto's wringing.
Do we know what?
It is stirring up from scratch if it comes from dressing.
I am a minor amusement if this has come up against someone.
Two arrests were made by the Rio police because of the terrorist surgeon
The police officer Rio has announced on Thursday that it had arrested two people due to terrorism.
The police was arrested within the framework of the safety standards of the Games.
Five other arrests were made by the police and questioned by two people before that liberation.
All suspects have been Brazilian.
According to the G1 news website, persons arrested on the grounds of terrorism belong to the same group which the police arrested as long ago as July.
Those arrested seem to have links with the ISE extremist organization.
Those arrested had been fuelled by violence in the social media.
Messages calling for violence have been disseminated in the recommendation, Mr Whatspat, among others.
85 000 police officers are responsible for the safety of Rio.
In Rio, the police blow the doubting package.
Spain and Nigeria were forced to begin with the prefuxe of the Rio Coroni proceedings in the abstracy government on Thursday.
The police found the doubtful package area and closed the public.
The police was integrated into the public since the package had been blocked in a controlled way.
This was the third time during the Rio Olympics when the police have controlled a controlled perpetuation.
Because of the doubting package which has been found there, the police closed.
The public was in which the police had blown the package when the police had blocked the package.
By the beginning of the match, the public was not recognized by the public because the police closed under the dubious package of dubious controls.
The package was blocked by the police and reached by the public only afterwards.
The sanction gave rise to the Games which started the Spanish team in a proliferation.
The two losses which started the Games won 96-87 of Nigerian Nigerian Nigerian pounds.
Two of the previous gays Spain achieved silver.
A controlled explosion mission was carried out by the police for the third time during the Rio summer community.
Last Saturday, the most recent police have had to undercut their suspicious findings in the vicinity of the road weight last Saturday.
Spain and Nigeria began their orange gathering of the Rio national basketball company in the face of their empty views.
Argentine Lamadian Geitro-Siren - Finnish considered protest
Wind Päyta-Siren had a little competition day in Rio.
The wind of Petä-Siren experienced harmony on Thursday.
Argentinia Tuule Turl Petija-Sereni on Thursday in Rio with the opening of the women's Surfide Day.
The wind has been clearly broken.
It was an opponent.
He remained because of the chlorine and other properly Mr Wilenius was reported.
For a long time, the sportswoman considered a protest.
It was not advocated because, in accordance with the Olympic Games, it would have been unnecessary.
One should have fallen into the water so that I could have received remembrance, Mr Petijan-Sireni.
The Finnish student until the last period because it was not prepared to come up against the dirty water in Rio.
The Finnish remained to leave between 27 and 27th.
In the overall situation in London, the 2012 Olympic Guarantee is eight.
The colleck has little effect in the case of that collection.
On Friday, there is an important day in origin 10 to 12.
Adjusted to 0.39 in the first instance, without waiting for Mrs Siren, neither did not protest.
Seven special matters which, according to science, are being extended by age
Science has been investigating everything between the countries and heaves.
These issues have been proved to bring additional seasons to the lives of the person.
Some of them are customs that are directly or indirectly influenced by a person's health so that his life is lengthy.
One of the things that a person itself cannot affect will be able to introduce further years.
These include, amongst other things, the inclination of medical obesity or social status.
Regular purchases can even extend.
It does not always need to be sorted out - the simple application of a milk facility is sufficient.
The secrecy of long age has been achieved through a wide range of studies.
The Medical Daily presented seven of the most bizarre research findings.
According to science, all of these things may lead to more years of life.
Coffee and coffee drinking
Coffee drills have been found to be safeguarded from certain eating, type 2 diabetes and the disease of Alzheimer and Parkinson.
Research into the University of Harvard pointed out that fair coffee consumption is connected with a small death ratio, particularly with regard to neurological or heartfelt diseases.
Alcohol once again talks about studies that moderation - one of one day - may be extending life.
For example, it was observed that winemaking liberalised for parents than people who did not drink at all.
The regular tooth window will be able to extend the lives of the individual by up to six years, one research tells us.
The argument is that this will prevent infections.
They can, on the other hand, contribute to the outbreak of other illnesses in other people bodies.
The Norwegian study clarified just how life effectively affected human life.
Over 54 000 people monitored seven years' project.
Those who look more comprehensively were sympathetic people by 35% more likely to live off the experience.
Sex, when protection against gender disease has been taken into account, is good for many studies according to many studies.
In addition, it can also extend the age.
Sex as such, unfortunately it is not enough.
For the person to receive additional years of life, they should also have an organic grass.
Further years of sporting nature does not continue to be unquestionable.
However, the achievement of long age does not require unacceptable bureaucracy.
An analysis of Oxford University discovered that women with the great backwardness were lower by chorestore levels.
In their bodies, there were also more Omegan fatty acids.
The same study combined these points with lower mortality rates.
When it comes to the Olympic Mediterranean sportsman or Oscar, he was won an actor, he most likely to live longer than usual.
A number of inquiries have tried to find a cause of this phenomenon.
One explanation could be that an ambitious person lives in a way which brings his lives for further years.
Some researchers are again doubt that long again it is the reason for the social statistics of the person - which, for example, enables the pursuit of recognition such as Nobel prize-winning.
Research into purchasing behaviour over the age of 65 discovered that the shopping person every day, that is to say, rather than purchase parents, is likely to be more likely to be purchased.
The reason for this is that in concrete shops, the rollevanting situation will reduce exclusivity.
It has once again established removal of biological biological mechanisms which could bring death.
So a credit card will be handicapped - networkability does not have the same effect.
To the equivalent of the driving houseworthole in the case of lorries
On Friday night Finland, there were serious converts coming from a serious lorry and private car personnel.
This accident took place in Koskella, in the middle of the Sortegrations, in the middle of 9.00 p.m. on Friday at 9 p.m.
The vehicle has been placed in Forss when a passenger vehicle had been pushed into the background at the same time, a truck in the right direction for a lorry.
After a collapse, lorries could be capable on their background but in the burning.
The driver managed to put out the fires themselves.
A passenger car deraid and progress over their own roof.
In 1972, a woman born in 1972 was removed from a woman born in 1972.
The rescue institution was detached from an injured car and he was transported into treatment at the Turku University hospital in Turkuy.
The result of a woman's bretes test was 2.22.
He is being suspected of a blatant driving licence.
Sending carcinogens from the wrong city
There were weaknesses in the Salon K-CityCarket because post had supplied part of the load in Seinjatri.
Teijah living in the persecution was, on Thursday, buying fluoring Salo-K-Citymarker when a happy sight has been handed over.
Unfortunately, there are product deficiencies in decommissioning because post office has supplied our way to Seiner!
We will get more once the burden has been supplied!
So, unless there is congestion in luring commercially, the representation was repeated.
The surprise being forestalled by the trader is that the postal last spring extended its services to grassroots services.
Prosperity is in the supply of the Post at all times until the end of August.
The Halti thinks it was more than authoritative and he decided to share it in social media.
This update has given me a strong popular.
The media representatives have been sounding the whole time, and the attention that is being raised on this issue is unbelievable, it is wondering.
On Friday evening, more than 700 splits were handed out by the Halti every update.
Someone took their own favourites to complain about the crowd, although some of the aspects were empty.
Jaoko Kaidels responsible for the transport operations of mail business services were regretted by the damage to IVc. Sanom.
The background is that three of the five were being killed in the wrong place yesterday (Senan) - and we no longer told the three Members of Saloam three, but today we were only five letters, telling Mrs Ilt-ea-Sanoma.
Me first by Mrs Iltanom Sanom.
The Thijayant is not indirectly irritated because he found all his own personal church found.
This 30 kilometres reduced Lottan Backlund published a picture.
The core manufacturer has been shattered by tens of kilos after their birth.
Lotta Backlunk has shifted dozens of hors following the transformation of life.
On a Friday, Lotta divided it as a change in Intagram.
In the spring, Lotta was sheltering and aimed at normal.
Lotta Backlund in 2014.
The Commission, Mrs Backlund, was already about to begin his landmark path in 2009.
She has taken a comprehensive lifestyle and slowed through thirty-third kilos.
On Friday, Mrs Backlund published his strong performance in a picture Intsagram.
Imagine how enormously Lotta has changed out over the years.
The paragraph before and after Mr Backlund has gathered many thanks for those commentaries for communiators.
You are a great one.
At the same time it is motivated! As a whim.
Piia Koriseva, Lotta Backlund and Mikae Saarinen were part of the project now.
I receive the pictures of the strength and the enthusiasm of the enthusiasm on the part of the same power, another.
In the spring Lotta dropped the last miles to make it now on the project.
At that time, he told the Iltall news that he wanted to get to normality at last, where there were ten kilos.
In the three-month period, five kilos were ultimately falling into five kilos.
Wish for the family of a woman murdered in the Lower: remembers of victims in the case of police dogs
A week ago, the family of a 42-year-old woman in the 42-year-old woman hopes to remember the victim instead of flowers and adresions in favour of police work.
Sipoo's veterinary position has been published by the Facebook update in which it conveys the aspirations of the victim's family about police denominators.
The publication says that the victim had done with the Sipo veterinary station and had been carrying out its traineeship exercise.
The veterinary system is remembered by words about women.
This welcome, fault, humour and work is unacceptable.
That is a good friend.
It is still wrong with us that he is absent.
There is an account number involved in Facebook where donations can transfer.
It is mentioned that donation monies are going to the police body as a whole, primarily in the procurement of safe works.
Last Friday 42, a 42-year-old lovely woman was murdered in the Lovina cell at home in the Lovian city.
Women's neighbours have said that the victim's victim has been backed up by the victim's victim.
He owned a number of animals, including horses, dogs, cats, chickens and the flour.
The 27-year-old murder has not known a woman and there was no connection between them.
The traceability of the murderer was part of the police officer Börje, who would be wounded against the life-threatening of the arrest situation.
But Mr Börje remains largely survivor and is recovering.
Extremist Rights gave Posti a judgment on violations of the Equality Act.
The poster did not have the right to refrain from recruiting workers' refusal of a temporary agency worker, to evaluate the right of Kanta Häme in their conviction.
The right was obliged to pay the majority of the worker for the worker who was detained and EUR 2 000 for discrimination.
According to the ruling, only part of the post officer could have been arrested by the post office which responded to the whole day's work.
According to the right, the worker was contrary to equality legislation with a more disadvantageous position on the basis of the trade union activities.
The worker had followed a Community ban on postal and logistics.
During the post of November last year, Mr Paul took the decision that the Post Agency workers will not be looking at temporary workers in breach of temporary workers.
The people have given the people's news first.
Turkey returned to showing respect for human rights;
Turkey should return to the path of respect for democratic and human rights development, written by Prime Minister Juha Sipil (and Foreign Minister Timo Soini (PS).
The Prime Minister, Mr Juha Sipil () and the Foreign Minister Timo Soiini (PS) are in agreement with the human rights situation in Turkey.
In her earlier letter, the journalist and the Institute of Journalists asked Mr Sipila and Mr Soini to express his concern for the freedom of expression and the freedom of the press in Turkey.
Mr Sipilä and Mr Soini tell Turkey the importance of the freedom of the press and freedom of speech to Turkey.
Mr Putin separated his administration, replacing the Estonian Vaino,
The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, has been distinguished by the head of the presidential management, Mr Sergei Ivanov, the Kremlin.
In place of the Communist representative of the Soviet-Estro Communist, Karl Dr Karla, will be the boy of Anton Vaino.
This persecution is a 44-year-old diplomat who has been the deputy head of the presidential regime from 2012.
The persecution will also be a member of the Security Council in Russia, Interfax from the news agency.
Mr Putin gave his administration his head of government.
Mr Ivanov, in the close internal circle of Putin, shifts away from the Kremlin's statement on environmental and transport matters.
Mr Putin said that Mr Ivanov itself has asked for a transfer from other tasks and proposing to replace the persecution, Russia Today refers.
Mr Ivanov was working with Putin on espionage in the Soviet Union of KGB.
Some of Mr Ivanov was possible for Mr Putin's successor in 2008, but the President was risen by Mr Medvedev.
Mr Ivanov was appointed back in 2011 before Mr Putin's re-election as President in 2012.
BBC: BBC: playing a ban on playing fields - not to see the Premier League being opened
The world's recipients of football transfers will not be seen on the ground when the Belgian Premiers are being kicked off at the weekend.
Mr Paul Pogba's litter was involved in Britain.
Manchester United's giant procurement Paul Pogba is because of the prohibition, in the opening of the Bourmunouth on Sunday in Bournemouth on Sunday in Mr Manu, told the BBC on Sunday in Sunday Mr Manu.
Manuer paid by the Italian Juventu according to the British committee of EUR 105 million.
However, the Federal Government of England should be absent because Mr Gogba died as a burden on the playing field.
He received two warnings in the last period last term in Italian cup and there will be a ban on a single match.
The ban on that playing feel was transferred to England, the FAA told the BBC.
The next situation of Mr Pogba is playing the league in the second round of 19 August, when Mr Manu points the topic of Southampton.
In Flow's original present is a virtue
The precise criteria and ambitious visions have established the establishment of the Flow Festival in an internationally prestigious event which is stricken by operators in the world.
The Flow Festival will begin on Friday in Helsinki.
Typical festivals have expressed themselves with an original drop.
One of the main artism is this year's punks legendary Iggy Pop.
Among other things, Flow Festivali's events are being supplied with softening and artistic standards.
We have never suddenly enough that there should be a head and conscience, saying that Mr Kallio, the artistic leader is the Commission's artistic leader.
The Flow Festivals in Helsinki this weekend have increased the small charter after the events of tens of thousands of people.
Behind this success it is quite simple: what kind of event would the perpetrators would like to go?
It is quite different from what is happening in the production of events.
Often, the objective is to achieve the level of necessity and action in accordance with the appropriation regulations, Mr Kallio, the artistic leader of the event.
He knew before the event that Mr Flow will be completed by this year this year.
The objective has been to increase the number of leaders limited to 5, 000 lives last year.
There will be a number of interesting domestic and foreign artists in the course of this year.
The increase in visits is a good thing, because there is something to be done to finance.
On the other hand, we do not want too much growth, because at some point there would be like livestock leadership which is being channelled into huge corners.
That is not what we want.
Over the last thirteen years, the ideology has been ideologised in such a way that there are 130 possibilities, artistic situations and the numerous restaurants and the drinking banners.
This year, the tents of 15 000 people were active not only in the headline and the smaller activities.
Mr Kallio recognizes that the event could be implemented in a simple way.
I am perhaps a little model, but at the same time we have been able to maintain the spirit of the Flow.
If it loses, this is no longer a matter of us.
The great joy and awareness of the work carried out for the rock is that the major visions today are possible in practice.
In the middle of the event in the middle of the 21st century, operations were very dependent on aid of around EUR 20, 000 in the city of Helsinki.
Last year, a turnover of around EUR 6 million was the turnover of the Flow company.
This may make it possible to generate 'cruisers', such as that 73 metres being built on broadband teltalism.
Typically, the visitors Flow have expressed themselves through disastrous dressing.
Side by side of the musical event can be talked about the Community of adults of trends.
But the profiling of a particularly fashionable fashion is not particularly fashionable.
We want to single out in particular with the content.
But the fashionable phenomena suited the Flot's world: curiosity and the will to interact with the environment, say Kallio.
This year, one of the main artificiaries is the Pink Legend, the 69-year-old Iggy Pop.
The man has had an enormous body of fanutine when he or she was in genres but the festival is not the most typical of his festival, pop music, butter and ultimate festival.
According to the monk, Iggy- went because it is probably the last time we will see in Finland.
What is of great interest to all of us, history and the future.
It is not just what is planned in the commercial radio.
Iggy receives the most recent being a blood, and he has been someone who has been brought behind over the last few years.
The Thai paradise bombs were hidden for further parameters - tourists fleeing apparently horrified.
The Lua Hins exploited local periods of Thursday evening two bombs.
The attack was at least one local woman and more than 20 introduced.
The bombing was obviously hiding pockets and blown through the movements.
The bombings were invested on the streets of which most of the customers are foreigners.
They were blown up at the same time as the tourists started to leave bars and to return to their hotels told the police, Samoer Yousourma, according to CNN.
Since 1989, Edwin Wiek, the protector of wildlifes inhabited in Asia, delivered a tremendous picture.
You can look at that if the Territories cannot be properly interpreted.
At least 11 were foreign tourists who were injured in Huu Hin
People received people and said that the bomb has been exacting with the bars.
This was one of the biggest barricades, stating Swedish tourist, Mrs Emelie Olsson Aftonbalet.
The next thing is the local period to explode two bombings in Surat Thani.
There was at least one death.
The number of injured people is not yet known.
After this, very shortly, the Finns again agreed that the two bombs were exploited on the island of Phukki.
Nobody knows what is known about the death.
At the same time, one dual bomb attack was carried out in Hua Hin.
At least one died and there were three wounded.
In addition, one bomb was exploded in the town of Trang.
The police had found that he had found Mr Hua Hini knowingly at least a bomb which had not yet exploded.
According to the Thai authorities, there are probably insurgent forces behind the bomb attacks who are not satisfied with the military regime in Thailand.
It is estimated by local authorities that there may also be criminal organizations.
According to Aftonblader, the police have recently taken up the functioning of human trafficking criminal organizations.
KSML part of the new sponsorship sources in a war situation first.
In the face of an acute war situation, square members will only be telling up military leadership to combat fighting factories after several months, to reflect the Central Sumanese.
According to the Chief Organizational Chairman of the Defence Forces interviewed in the magazine, the Brigadier General, Juka Sonninu, according to General General Sonnino, for example, in a war of 5.5-monthly serving warehouses, would only be fighting their training at the final stage of their education.
The Chinese of Education says that the reservers are provided first and foremost.
No milerars or servantage is concerned with a task that has not been required to be trained, Mr Sonning is saying.
Earlier in the summer, it understood that the military force will be undertaking training for immediate willingness since next year.
The services can be used if military training is already used for military education if necessary.
Mr Pamela imposing compensatory payments for hamstream
The exhibitor, Mr Pamela and former her husband, Mr Pauli Waroma, the Chief Executive Director, Mr Pauli Waroma, have won the hardwork of the home they bought from Epono in 2009.
The two-tier trade price was EUR 330 000.
After trade, however, the house revealed a serious motivation problem caused by the dangerous microbicism which is dangerous for health.
There were a couple of couples to sell as decoders of housing in 2014.
The sales price had been reduced to EUR 132 000, so as much as EUR 198 000 have been collected for the financial losses and Mrs Waroma and Mr Waroma.
The couple went back to the Court of Justice and called for a reduction in the price from the seller there.
Traders dispute the request, but they and Waroma not only won the case both in the Court of Auditors and the Court of Appeal.
The Court of Audit has been judged on Wednesday.
This convention was in force with the seller's seller to pay and Waroma EUR 150 000 for the price reduction.
In addition, the seller will have to replace counterparts in court cases a total of EUR 47 474.
The right has reasonably restructured the price reduction because the corrective need for housing had been known to buyers when house trade had been known.
However, construction errors were, according to the law, more serious than had been presented.
Home looked for homework.
It told us in the Court of Appeal that the couple had been specially searching for the perilous home because they did not want to take repairs.
He had been giving us the impression that the building is replaced and in good condition and that the aspects referred to in the fitness report are not detrimental.
The European German inspection report refers to risks and malfunctions, and the fact that the management of rain and melting waters along the waters around the rain and meltdown is insufficient.
The discussions show, however, that it would have been undoubtedly a matter of urgency.
The role and the world of Woroma remained under the impression that perhaps the railway waters from the rock within a few years should be controlled somewhat.
The shops were carried out in October 2009.
It was in the next few years that the problems of home models were much more serious because of the problems of home.
In the 2012 and 2013 inspections, microbic growth was said in the building which, according to witnesses, were responsible for both the rocket rainfall and the rise in cablished country-spending.
In the Western house the atmosphere contaminated by microbe could be evaluated by the auditor through the Children, to indoors as well.
An opportunity for health risk, crossing the limit values crossing a limit value or they were found in the way in which the domestic children, in the cellar's stage, the window yards and the laundering room of the cellar.
Terass was built without authorization
The law has also been disputable about whether the housing had been extended against the building.
The right to believe that the state and the Woroma were not aware before the decision of the Espoo town of Espoo, according to which there were anti-housing changes.
Teracios were built, among other things, although appropriate licences were not yet.
But the House problem was a key issue in the court of law.
According to the Court right, purchasers were possible from the seller before the information to be traded presupposes that the building was suitable for housing as it stands and that there was no need for major corrections in the near future.
In fact and Waroma, there was no special reason for the Court right to do with the usual broader inspection.
Buyers have not neglected their obligations.
A terrible archive discharge: hundreds of thousands women wanted to give birth of children to the Nazis - Registry as well as Finns
The journalist Christopher Andersson writes in Dagens Nyketer's article in his fresh article, how the national archives in Maryland in the United States have recorded a total of 218 500 women who wanted to marrying S-SS males.
The majority of women are German, but there are Americans, French, Dutch and Russians.
As a national Norway, at least 65 Danishs wanted at least 65 Danishs, 8 Norwegian and 14 Finland and 31 women in Sweden.
Documents and registration credits come from the racial office in Nazi Germany.
The Recrose Agency was under the authority of S Ms Heirnich Himler.
No SS may have children in Nazi Germany before he had been investigating a SS doctor.
The same is true, to a greater extent, with women who had to be able to generate up to over 10 children.
Mr Andersson says that gynelogical studies were carried out in order to settle the matter.
The race service explored women's backgrounds by examining, amongst other things, church books.
The intention was to ensure that the Jews were not happening for women.
Women should also be prepared to give up their Swedish citizenship and to give the racist agency the hand-over-book of life and good recommendations.
The race agency wanted guarantees that women were 'battery', 'savings' and 'good nationalist socialists', which were well known in German.
Women who did not meet the demands were not accepted as the bridge of the SS men.
There will be no information about the way in which 14 Finnish women were found in the archives' documents.
The SS leaders were created by the state-sponsored programme known as Lebenborn in 1936.
Amongst other things, the programme stipulated that every SM should have four children, either in a marriage or beyond.
The Codes for Lebenbors take care of the children born outside marriagent marriages and their mothers.
However, the programme was not contributed very actively to the American Maritime Mureau.
Instead, Nazi population policy focused on the family and marriage.
The State encouraged marriage by providing loans and support for children.
A German mother honoured was granted women who had received at least four children.
The marriages between 'Argent Parts' and 'nonsening' in Nazi Germany were legally prohibited on the Museum pages.
Petärä-Sirene sixtory, Nirko risenated and used
Tapio Nirko performed the first start of the Rio Olympic Games in the first start of the Rio Finnish period in the first starting point in Rio, but remained in the second look in the second head of the day.
In the overall situation Nirkcho increased eighth following five departure, but the failure of the second departure drowned for 14.
The wind by Petärä-Siren was out of the X-1 day and 17 to three.
Faced with the overall situation Petärä-Siren is six.
In 470 category Mr Jonas and Niklas Lindgren remained to begin with one day 23.30.
Given the whole of the general situation, Lindgrene has place 19.
Mr Sillanpäirt, Satulinn, recorded himself overnight: 'I was in so many hours'.
The Finnish favourite artists have been by Mr Sillant for more than 20 years.
At the bar crime of the cruise ship in 1995, the best-sale of the solocy-oriented by Finland and Mr Sillants who have been attacked by the cans and festivals continues to ride and he is currently miserable.
The book by Mr Jari Sillan, writer on the life of the favourite spooks in Maria Koppita, was referred to this Thursday.
In Britain Mr Sillando reflects his life and his career wearing.
The rise in Silland's career increased to a total boost when he will win the Tangong Crown in the Tangarmo market in Seinjait in 1995.
In Mr Silland goes tank, but he had already planned somewhat different music to himself.
In the spring, Jukka Kuoppamak had completed the request of Mr Sillan, at the request of the man, to the tangourness agreed by Kassou Halonen in a rather different form.
Satulland is rising as the most popular paragraph of the Finnish music history.
The report tells us that the reflection of the paragraph did not take place quite according to planning: the Silland was singing in a terrible scrap and only two hours' night.
We had a festival in the evening.
I was so strong!
The phrase has remembered in the book.
There is no question of having committed stories to the equivocation that it was characterized.
Although I was not physically on my best, it was nevertheless good.
I learned that this is not obligatory for themselves to be complete and peak.
Another of the most popular chances of the man, suggested by the Charter, was nearly twenty years later.
In 2013, the bridge differentiated from its partnership and the case were ultimately deserving of the texts published in 2014, published in 2014.
The report tells us that the songs from Mr Saara Tarmer were not what Mr Sillans would have wanted.
Mr Birlant had believed that it was becoming a record which reflects the tolerance of his own life, but the words of a difference were not true, but it was written 7-7 news.
The news of the news Jari and ex-sheep difference has been reason to tell Mr Jari's excessive celebrations and alcohol, but according to Jari, it was absolutely nonsense and is untrue.
According to the book, Mr Jari organized the record company and refused to reveal and refused to refrain from copies but in the end chooses it - and that is all well and good.
Back in June they surprised themselves by voting by voting out of their empire from the EU.
Finally, 52% defended the difference between 88% and 48% would have remained in the Union, even though public opinion polls are predicting the opposite.
British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in favour of staying in the EU.
No esteemed research institute or university did not ticked the difference, even if one or two individual researchers disagree with the mainstream of their profession.
The basic manner of Western policy in the recent election campaign by the former President Bill Clinton of the United States of It's economy, Stupid flewering in British Brexique.
Economists were shocked when their voice was not.
They were shocked when the economy does not seem to be the most important policy matter.
Economic barrier
In the most recent monthly questionnaire, the Centre for Macroeonomics Tive responds to the Brexic disaster.
The most typical answer is that economists did not listen, because this time the voters take a decision on non-economic criteria.
One of the loss of economists is that people do not understand the economy.
Indeed, many people still have the imagination that the number of jobs will be independent of the number of workers, almost standard.
If the immigrant gets jobs, it is right from the British people.
Many people also have the impression that a reduction in the value of the currency would be a good thing because it contributes to the export industry.
In the opinion of the economist, the electorate has not believed economic agreements because the unanimity of the economists was not enough.
In particular, they contaminated the balance of the BBC, which only introduced a couple of percent for economists who represent a few EU economists for economists like an overwhelming majority.
The European hostile press does not interested in telling the fact that the results of the difference between the IFSI IMF, Boe, CEPR and other economic powers of the economy.
Those far-reaching combinations of literatures spoke about economic growth, commercial relations, public debt and currency.
And if economic messages were both listened and understood, they were not taken because economists represent an elite with whom the electorate does not feel that they have common interests.
The academics of big cities such as economists would have remained in the EU, but the message in small towns and rural areas would not have been effective.
Migration is an economy:
The overwhelming victory of the Brekit profit concerned immigration.
The immigrant takes jobs, immigrant immigrants take congestion in the hospital; the immigrant uses me available.
These arguments were there.
Every café has foreign workers.
How much more could the British people be if they got off?
Every health centre room sees immigrants.
How much easier would the British people get into doctors if they were not?
All schools have the children of immigrants.
How much easier the British children will be allowed to school if they come to an end?
Live in every municipality, foreigners live.
How much more room would the indigenous behaviour would be if they cut off?
I think these are economic issues.
They concern jobs, housing and public services.
However, economists did not manage to respond to them and, if they did manage, their response did not gain visibility.
Economists did not manage to explain that thanks to immigrants, the British has more jobs, less health centres and more money on education and social security.
Migrants - and in particular immigrants in the EU - are the net contributors of British public finances and their consumption creates jobs.
The building fund of Aberdeen to reserve cash with Brexitz
One of the funds was Aberdeen Assees Management, whose real estate is responsible for Perti Vanhanen.
He said that there was a time for Aberdeen by establishing A A and B).
A plan B: the victory of an EU entrepreneurial camp was beginning to be more precisely a few weeks before the vote in case of a leave result.
It was a concern that investors would start withdrawing their money from the market.
Real estate funds do not normally have massive liquidity, but now they could be necessary.
We look for cash increased funds.
When Brexi took place on 23 Day, we had 25% of the fund investments in cash or liquid funds, Vanhanen is saying the only open daily openness of Aberdeen for a property fund that has been affected by the news.
The old normal standard would be between 15% and 20 percent.
The fund was GBP 3.5 billion at that time.
The total company funds are valued at around £20 billion.
This was the highest number of nine open property funds, Vanhanen says all the transparent buildings funds in British property funds.
She estimates that the lowest cash in these funds remains under 10%.
The real estate funds were therefore provided for by strategies in very different strategies.
Funds closing trade
When the EU EU-wide camp won, Europe went in confusion.
But the resulting less than two weeks in the real establishment market was quite peaceful, Mr Vanhanen.
Then there were two things which changed the situation.
The first was the speech by Mr Carney, Director-General of the Central Bank of England, when he estimates that Brexic may be a risk for commercial building players.
Furthermore, the first standard LIFE from the real estate funds freezed its trade.
They together radically raised the situation and raised the issue with the headings of the Financial Times and BBC.
The situation was immediately compared with 2007 and 2008, Mr Vanhanen.
That received investors' nervousness.
The institutional investors remained more calmer, but private investors were nervous.
Snow started wheels, and it was have had to close its doors after that fund.
The situation in Aberdeen was good because of cash collections, but in the end it also had to freeze their transactions into six days.
According to the oldest, they did not actually close trade but rather changed prices downwards.
In practice investors have been given time to consider whether money is now to be withdrawn out of the panic.
The message that Aberdeen was that if you are not forced to take the outside of your money would not, because it would bring losses.
It reassured the situation and most of them withdrew.
Since then, it has been quite small, and now the market has been very recent, Mr Vanhanen, in a couple of weeks.
He points out that there has been nothing similar in Aberdeen continental European funds.
But there has been much questionnaire.
Excessive attention to buildings funds
In the older perspective, the closure of building funds gained an unreasonable amount of attention.
Open funds, concerned by closures, control around 4% of British buildings.
The clock of Aberdeen lasted six days, and the company rot less than ten buildings from 80 to buildings in London in London.
Other funds are still catching up.
Mrs Investors warned his investor this week that it could caught up his or her fund in the year 2017.
At the moment there is uncertainty and the forecasts of economic growth are being carried out downwards, but the situation does not look like the Aberdeen situation.
The main questions now concern the future development of the British national economy.
Despite uncertainty, the situation has brought new opportunities for property investors, Mr Vanhane has pointed out.
The pound and the dollar exchange rate is weakest in 30 years, which in addition to a 15% reduction in the markets for the pre-Brekis vote at the time.
The Dollarior will now be able to buy the same properties by up to 30% less than 30%.
President-in-Office is quite willing, Mr Vanhanen.
Brexic raising minus London's property market
It did not seem to be too commenced by two different situations.
But for four, when Mr Vanhanen, the British property fund, Aberdeendeer Asset Management recovered again to look at the results of the Brexit vote, it was another situation.
Then, that was the possibility.
I realized that this is now going to the side of plan B, Mr Vinhanen says in his home in Helsinki.
His direction right now to work.
The City of London was already completely alive, despite the moral.
The office's normally identified television scrutineers have commissioned news, and usually the vocal blocked fell short of totally listening when Prime Minister David Cameron entered the camera attending the camera in the morning.
When the market was fulfilled, the evidence was simply red.
It was such a morning which would never have believed to be living, Mr Vanhanen.
Not because, despite the turbulence, Aberdeen, one of the biggest British property funds in Britain, were finalized in the day following the Brekis vote - the threat of two building trade.
It was a mystery.
But there was an alternative for this company, and in a way, in a way, the situation was peaceful, Mr Vanhanen.
The Brexit vote started the correction of corrections
The vote was followed by a storm.
The pound, the British leaders, went to change.
The market started to foresee drastic invoices into the British property market in particular.
NAMs were up to 20% in the office settlements in London in the coming years.
Soon, British buildings funds began to freeze their trade one after the other.
Mr Aberdeen has done so for a period of six days.
Well, the storm has subsided, but in the air there is still uncertainty.
It was not the last summer holiday day this week on the Vanhanen facilities in Helsinki.
In his view, it is all too early to say a great deal about what happens in Brexizla.
There is so much remaining how to differentiate between Scotland and the way in which Scotland reacts, for example.
Priorities have already been made on the property market in London.
The CBRB information on price developments covers approximately a third of the market.
According to them, prices for all properties in London wound 3.3% from June to July.
Operations in the City office in the City of London accumulated 6.1%, Mr Vanhane came into existence.
The numbers are not so horrific, but they are monthly.
A monthly index was published in 1987, and only five months have been worse figures, Mr Vinhanen.
All equally large demolitions coincided with crises 2007 and 2008.
It is interesting because Brexic was compared quite quickly to the fall of Lehman and the global economic crisis which began on the property markets of the United States.
In our opinion the comparison is not quite right because we are talking about a British homeless crisis.
It is a different tunnel.
On the property market, we have not seen panic sales similar to that time, but the willingness to sell it to improve liquidity, Mr Vanhanen says.
The financing is also normally to be found.
The correction membership could have been ahead of us anyway:
In fact the price movement is not won't miracle - it could have been like Brexique.
According to Mrs Aberdeen's estimate, the prices for London and other urban areas of the world have been too high for years.
We have been saying for two years that the City and, in particular, the offices were over-priced, Mr Vinhanen says.
So the drop in fact happened really high.
The prices in London have been tightened upwards for four reasons, the Vanhane list.
The British economy has grown strongly, including the population of London.
Another major trend is the fact that buildings are the last ownership of globalization, Mr Vanhanen.
New operators have become on the Middle East and Asia, and increasing numbers of institutions and private investors seek real establishment areas from abroad.
London is an easy target as a well-known town.
In addition, prices have been feeding low interest rates, for example, the pension companies have had to look for new objectives.
This loan has been easily accessible - even though the Mr Vanhon has now been used for debt, according to the budget before the crisis of 2008.
Fragmentation, decent plan
In London the price increases were bailed last summer, Mr Vanhanen tells us.
Aberdeen began to reduce its ownership in London, and last year was a net sole last year.
What was anticipated was something of a turning point and that is now the case.
What is going on?
It depends on how the British economy develops, Vanhanen says.
Much he dares nothing to evaluate, but we say that there is hardly any strength of spread.
The mood points to the fact that there is falling or steady expenditure.
The old age has already seen more movements up and down because he has been in the field of buildings since 1988.
And she is still an optimist who believes that you will survive.
If there is well prepared risk is in a better position.
He believes in global decentralization.
If invested in one market is too much of its victim.
Where there has been a decentralized risk, then Mr Vanhanen says.
S Group will start registering purchases more accurately
The S- group knows what the candidates, because the trade concern told us that it will begin to gather more precise information on the shopping of its position clients.
When the information has been gathered so far, the group begins at the beginning of May, too, for products that were bought.
The S-Group will be following this, because the information of purchased goods purchased by a level card has been collected for a few years now for a couple of years.
According to Mr Klus, the Central Executive Director, Ismo Riitala, the feedback from the programme has been mainly positive.
The product-based data will be collected with the consent of the customer and they are authorized for marketing.
The most effective channel is e-mail.
The very few customers have banned the use of product information, Mrs Riitala says the Economic Community.
He says that Kesko does not intend to react to the registration change in S group.
Kesko classifies its customer purely for ten categories, according to food purchases.
The rating is to be updated each month.
Stock customers are also classified according to the number of purchases and the amount of money spent.
The information will be used for the customer's targeted marketing.
Product-based purchases are to be collected only from the Green Group's own chains.
Partners, such as Neste oil, are not giving up.
Lidl Finland does not have a commercial programme and that is not currently planned.
In Finland's clock, there is a Commissioner-No-under-custom programme which can be entered in selection conditions in Sib, in Euromarques.
We are not currently gathering groups of product or product levels, keeping our feet at the end.
That is to say, we know where purchases in trade were made and, on that day, as well as the customer's final amount.
We have not gone to it like a Group of Group or Group, say the commercial leader, Mr Anu.
According to him, the programme for communications will have to be reformed in the future, but the local trading should be taken into consideration later.
Of course it is not permissible that the products would start to be registered.
First experiment
The Sok's customer ownership and customer register has been relatively wide-ranging.
Besides basic data, including professional, educational, housing, children's forage and previous years and previous personal data.
Also, people within the same economy and their role have been registered.
Stock instruments have been recorded a purchase date and time, place, shopping and payment.
In addition, the information of bonus partners is obtained from their cash systems.
From the beginning of May, purchasing information in product levels will begin to be deposited in Sokos and Emotinus chains.
Instead, information at product level is being recorded for the time being in S-suppers, Prismons, domestic Terroit and ABC chains.
There has been a long time for customers to hope that the marketing could be more accurately focused on the Sok Commissioner Marjana Sarrica.
The S & D Group says that it will inform its customers.
They can ban the marketing of product-based data.
However, the information is stored on the coffers of the numbers in any case, whethered it or not.
It can be verified on the website of the information that has been taken on the S. Group's website.
Costs, for example, are not available to the data, Mr Saarikisto.
Video: the Haila penius is the latest election creation - excellence being the first explosion
The black laboratorouse is being vigorously closed for five similar country boxes at the Helsinki-Vantaan airport.
Not for a long time when it is decisively sitting next to the average box.
The Customs Company Lassi Suntia rewards its Heila dog is playing it against its favourite tournament.
The building box, which Mr Haila sat next, revealed the closing shelves behind gas.
The Government gas is the first smell what is being practised with Heila, telling Suntio, the Heila dog worker.
The security situation and the main carries of the net trade.
Heila is the first dog to work in Helsinki-Vantaa airport at Helsinki-Vantaan airport next year.
Employment may also be exported to the Heilands and Suntion as well as other border crossings and ports.
But the airport will be the main jobs in Heila, because the international security situation has changed because of the serious terrorist attacks in Europe.
The attacks by Paris and Brussels caused customs measures and attacks to be confirmed, saying the customs survey of Mr Grenberg.
The other main reason for the training of arms and explosives in customs duties is mail broadcasting through Helsinki-Vantaa.
Through increased Internet Trade, every year 40 million postal services passes through airports, including ordered arms and explosives.
Over the last few years, customs have made it at the airport in Helsinki-Vantaan at Helsinki Vantaan at around 300 of arms, components, arms components, ammunition, ammunition, explosives and the discovery of premiums in arms components, arms components, arms components, arms components, arms components, ammuriations and explosives.
Working around Helsinki-Vantaa will be working.
It will examine registered baggage and mail broadcasts.
In the ports, it will be most beneficial in the future to go through the big containers and to mark the regions which call for more specific research, to say Greberg.
Based on the performance of Heilan Tulk evaluates whether there will be more arms and explosive diseases in the future.
He is hopeful for the idea.
School in Hurks
Education in Heijant is the coordinator of the Customs School of Kirkköne.
Mr Sunti, together with Mrs Heorla, is also with the police and experts of military forces.
The police have strong experience of training dogs and defence forces of expertise in explosives.
In conjunction with other authorities, the customs will decide what is being taught in the Heida.
Europe is always trained when necessary is telling Mr Grebberg.
Her colleagues in Helsinki in Helsinki are the six drugs departments and Mr Massi for their monetary and drugs tournament.
Labrador's honorary Heila has been elected by ten dogs.
The criteria for the selection criteria of a dog for airports involve fair and hunting, calmness, because the dog is in conjunction with the weapons, explosives and the involvement of the people.
In Suntion, Heila is close to the Customs Insider, but also a family member.
Nothing without Heila is going to the home, Suntio.
These discreetic orders go to Heila almost homelessly.
Ista-Sanomies' cameramine will lose quick dog's camera, but Heila returns an immediate refusal of soft toy toys.
Toury competition
Heida's initial training will be completed next year.
There are still levels of meetings ahead of us in October where education is estimated to be sufficiently demanding jobs.
Heila can be seen to be in Helsinki Vantaan over the next year, if everything is planned according to plan.
Unfortunately, passengers cannot be reminded of Sunti-free dogs.
The cost of the one-working done is to customs approximately between EUR 6000 and EUR 600000 per annum.
Their working lives will be around seven years, even ten of which retire for their owners.
The number of working days could be long, eight in 10 hours, but active participation will only be a few hours for ten minutes.
The owner of working dogs is besides customs competition.
As Heila owner, a person of 20 to 20 customs workers applied.
Fortunately, in the case of Suntio, which has not been working hours in the past, you have experience over the years and customs tariffs.
Minister received his first Olympics - the people should have a free day
The rugby value of the Fijian Olympic Games in less than one million people in the country is so high that the government has determined the national free day of 22 August.
The country's broadcaster stipulates that the Fijian Government confirmed the championship.
The holding of the free team is to return to the home of the team the following day.
There will be celebrations in their country of origin.
The rug of the Fijian team celebrated its championship.
The Guardian tells us that the country was followed by the final, in the capital city of Suvaly, where the stadium was screening.
Normally just nationals are interested in rugby, but this play was linked by the multicultural community.
Even the Chinese restaurants were looking at the game, I heard them, said Mr Seru Guardian journalist Mr Times, a journalist for Fiji Times.
The drama - Rio - following the happiness of the Finnstone.
By the last company, Mr Milko Toko has succeeded by his last business, after 175 killings.
Tikola has a range of special and livestock features.
But during these tourist lifestyles, or after them, he has made a number of overcrowders.
Nobody could have said that why?
Toko resulted in 175 kilos and 145 kilos in Rio.
Her common figures have 320 kilometres.
Just like the other, Mr Tokola tried to get his employment with his final employment rate.
The third company emphasized the weather breeding ground.
However, the judge would come under weight until such time as the judge was adopted.
The pleasure of the Finnish body saved the fact that she has suffered the problems of the kind.
Rops acquired the Estonian official - Mr Prosan - the League of Veeks - Iino-Sanmat
The Rovaniemi Pallouseure, playing with the football league of men, has completed the sustainable agreement with Mr Albert Prosa.
We are looking for primary players in our team with efficiency and with a small threshold for Finland and Rovaniemi.
We had 50 players from across the world with more than ten players.
A significant separation began with a good option by Mr Prosa, the report by Juha Maline.
Prosa, 25, arrives from Flora, where he made 51 participants in a total of 109 matches in 109 matches.
She has also played in the Estonian team.
Mr Prosa is to be included on Seinja in Seinä as early as Saturday, where the master of the Rovaniemians controls the Finnish master SKK.
There was a need for a new aggressor, Mr RopSi when Mr Alexander Kokko has gone to Australia last year.
The threat of Moderninen's start to the family should be threatened again: almost everything exposes almost everything
The modern Family Comedyimer series, Alex Dunpha, has been familiar with Mr Winter again by presenting his body by presenting his body.
Mr Winter described the Hollywood at this week's ministers, who do not look very closely into the imagination.
The shorts were revealing not just the feet of the actress but also of this baggage.
The 18-year-old Winter has recently attracted attention by transforming hills and behaviour much more courageous.
The social media has published the pictures of the social media in very limited clothes and have taken numerous tattoois.
The young woman has also seen themselves dressed into very meagreesing populations.
The threshold of adult Winter has also recently published a number of pictures of that celebration.
If the picture does not, you can look at that here.
Earlier this summer, Fox News asked the experts why Winter has changed its public image so radically.
Then the founder of Powerworment and the executive director, Mr Amy Palmer, suspected that, in Winter, there will be 'typical Hollywood change' as a child's an adult.
He has been on television almost the whole life and has grown in the Cardiahnsian period.
He has learned that the more shows the surface, the greater publicity and attention in Hollywood, Mr Palmer says to Mr Fox News that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen before.
Until now, Mr Winter started in the Modern Family until 11 years old.
The actor has incorrectly indignanted part of his long-standing fans with their image burden.
It is not difficult to guess where he is ten years after decommissioning says a woman in Ingagor in Winter.
Some women's fans, on the other hand, are defending an actor and calling for criticism.
It looks like a great deal!
What others have said.
You are inspirating for many women, young women.
The Japanese want tourists in the Nordic countries that personally want tourists in the Nordic countries to be tempted to relative: at the autumn, it is possible to see happeners in Miror Aurora.
The purpose of the campaign is to attract Japanese journeys already for the initial system, the Visitit Finland to tell the information.
Both the Japanese revolutionaries are Inari and Levi.
Recommendations are assets of our winding-up tourism and they are strongly connected to the landscape of heart and snowy landscapes.
There are very demand for the winter packets in Lapland, but we are now trying to include the sale of journeys in the autumn.
Few knows that a renovatorium is beginning early autumn and will continue in the spring.
It is possible to see the so-called Miror Aurora, where the Lake officer reflects the revolutionary revolutionaries, twice as manoeuvre, the Visitit Finland marketing Chee Anne Lind.
The main target group of the Visiton Finland's revolutionary campaign is wealthy by Japanese women living aged between 25 and 35, who are dreaming of tourism and new experience.
They are already interested in Finland, its draft and design.
For example, online advertising is attracted by tourists.
According to researchers in the Aalto University and the universities in Turku and Tokyo, Finland has an exceptionally strong and positive province of Japanese compared to the other Scandinavian countries.
The Japanese would, however, look more clearly for Finland, and this revolutionary has massive potential according to Lind.
In Finland the other Scandinavian countries have become clearly increasing in nominations of Japanese tourists.
Last year they were more than sinking in Finland than in Sweden, Denmark or Norway.
The Japanese is of interest to Finland's tourist group because they spent more than EUR 80 million in Finland.
On average, the Japanese used EUR 183 in the day, Lind says.
Britain is contenting itself with a Charter Charter of the Golden Court of RughbyBopean-Fidin
The UK impressive progress towards the rugby turn collapsed by the last challenge to Fiji in the final of Thursday, when the team conveyed 43 to 43 crushing disasters here in Rio.
In dealing with the master rates, Fiji organized the Championship, the evasions, the support game, the screens and clums when they win the gold - their first Olympic medal.
The loss emerged from the silver medals - the Third British time - and they have been proud of their hard work in the work of the rugby in the Olympics, in which they won New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The seminar seminar which was played in the same date for South Africa may have feasible for the finance.
But, in spite of this, Mr Fidi, in this context, would have won the 15-members of a top team.
It may be possible for Britain - but probably not - comfort the fact that at least one particular British medal in its neck is tomorrow's Fid's main member is Ben Ryan, the former English bomb in England.
Britain has been quite right.
Eight years ago, in the preparations of Mr Rean lost in the tourism of every game Adead.
Here they lost only one.
This is a backyard, but the development is still remarkable.
Mr Fihi began excellently in the fight against Great British guarantees.
The team of Captain Tom Mitchell was the team as they would have run for buses and coaches, and the world masters were leading 5, 000, when Osua Kolinian was digressing in the maintenance assignment.
When the clock was four minutes, Jerry Tuwain's second touchdown sitting resulted in a touch pipeline.
Between 12 and 12, the United Kingdom was hardly concentrated in the floor.
Mr Mitchell's splendid declaration stopped the third goal of mountain Leone Nakarawa, but it was only slow for Mr Fidil.
In the seven minutes Jasa Veremalu goals a goal right and Great Britain was 17 - losing.
Again, the Nakarawa submitted a new starting paint and the bell remained over one minute... for the first half-time.
Subsequently, the Vavrova goes through British loose obligations and rushed to make a goal.
After the catch boiler, the situation will be 29 to 29.
It looked as if Fidi were born to play rugby while the United Kingdom just learned the game.
And that is how it is.
The United Kingdom was carrying out changes which clog the dam in Fidi as a whole minute which, compared to the first six months, was well until Josui Tumé was painted after the impressive feads of Fidi.
Dan Nortoush took Great Britain when he conducted the left in the left and reducing the situation to 36 to 74, but the game has been lost for a long time for the Southern Sea Islands whose supporters said, waved the tickets and holding tickets.
It would be difficult not to admire the praiseworthy approach of Mr Fidin.
In the last minute Mata Viliame, overcoming the Fidilian Government, which was not necessary.
It was whipped which was whipped, the victims of fides and Britain fell into the grass, totally being forgotten.
In the same day, Mr Fidi had been there in the Japanese seminary, 20 to 5, and the UK was won by South Africa in a rigorous seminar where both of the goal - British parliament would solve the game.
Mr Brown took the South African leadership in the first half, but Dan Nortoom was exceeding the footwear territories in the authority and carried out the goal under the other semeral side.
The great late track Mr Marcus Watson, the Anthony brother in England, secured victory and, ultimately, the silver model.
The manufacturer's battles against cancer against the production of Helen Glouver and Heather Stanning
There will be no more emotional gold in these games and that really means something.
The first appeal for the last, 220 towards the history books, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found themselves in deeper importance.
Although they reached two, there were three votes boats in the boat.
Their management was perfect, and that was, after all, the winner of the 39th of their declarations, which is also recorded.
What we are seeing, two excellent sportspeople together with the Joutsenski breakfast does not entirely reflect the nature of the profit.
Each group behind a group of handicapped, which gradually contributes to those matters which are important, and none of them was just as fundamental as the producer who does not know 30 months ago whether he is undergoing whether he is undergoing to this day.
As he said, the situation was close.
I had one bladder cancer, which is one of the curtains and they carried out the cut.
If they are not cutting, it will spread everywhere.
The situation could have been quite bad.
It changes a little way of thinking.
Williams received the diagnosis in December 2013.
The three representatives were fortunate that his care was able to begin at the beginning of 2014 at the beginning of the period, when they caused as little disruption as possible if the expression could ever be used in situations like this.
I had to receive wages, so I needed to improve quickly.
I am encouraged.
I was in the hospital and I walked around Title 20, 30, 30, for once when they said that a few steps would be enough.
That is how it started.
It is a journey in itself, but it does somewhat bigger.
After an immediate victory, the first one or two thoughts were Williams, who had nervous the morning and had been speaking somewhat more than usual in trying to deal with our nervousness.
Stanning, the Captain of the Royal Artillery of Afghanistan, I said: 'I have been an emotion this week which might perhaps be a bit over-reaction, but that means so much for me'.
I should like to emphasize just how important this is for me, how much I and Mrs Hele and Mr Robin have worked.
The last three years with Helen and Robi have been powerful.
Without Robin would be nothing, so he is worthy of the best preparation of the world.
I could not have imagined a better practitioner or better producer.
Mr Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost competition for five years.
There were one or two rhythms to which their competitors were not.
Still in the last 500 metres when New Zealand and the Danish team started to be approached, Stanning and Glover were too much energy in storage.
We were very much in at a time.
The crime of Helen 'remains in the process'.
It is very important that there should be a control.
We had a good start and we did not do anything special at the same time.
We did not look for fireworks today, we are seeking only a good income and winning the game, and we have done so.
Some waiting for a year to decide on the future.
Glover will participate in the head of next month when he goes to marry Stevel Backshall.
At this particular moment, he only wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that would be my last competition.
It would have put too much pressure on.
After London took appropriate six months to realize that I was an Olympic vision.
Everything was so new and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes.
That seems to be so much better 'he said.
Iceland changes the Panama leading Government
Iceland is organizing premature parliamentary elections in October which the demonstrators of the Panama-Year demonstrators were already calling for in the spring.
The so-called Panamaria revealed that many Icelandic politicians evaded taxes through tax havens.
Prime Minister Sigmund Gunnlaugson withdrew a scandal but it was not enough for the demonstrators.
His successor Sigurturing Indus Johannsson promised at the time a new parliamentary election in the autumn.
The election dates have now been taken on 29 October.
According to analysts, it is difficult to predict how much the elections will be affected by the elections in the autumn.
In the presidential elections in the presidential elections, criticism of those in power was clearly shown and President Ashtonia was elected to the political Gudni John John.
The Trumps said that he was sarcasting when it claimed Obama Is founder as a founder of the Ision
The presidential candidate for the American Republican candidate, Donald Trump, withdrew his final speech.
He said he was sarcative when he said that President Barack Obama would be the founder of the terrorist organization and a candidate for democratic candidate Hillary Clinton attending to Mr Hillary Clinton.
The Democrat party was the outbreak of talking and demanded an apology to the Trump.
The military's head should never be allowed to go to anyone who can sink so long, Mr Clinton has referred to it.
In the South of France the Cannes Mayor has prohibited Muslim bathing bathing waters, including the British newspaper Guardian.
The decision signed by the mayor David Lisnard states that going to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone who has no good way and a bath of secularism.
The decision also states that bathing situations, which express massive religious links, will be able to increase the risk of distortions in order in France, which has been subject to terrorist attacks.
In mid-July, people were killed and hundreds were injured in Nice when the 31 year old man was involved in the crowd of France's national holders.
At the end of July, two extremist organizations were attacked by the man in church in Northern France and killed the priest of as 80 years old.
The quality of bathing waters in Oulu's bathing waters passed through the Lake Pythala land.
The waterways introduced from official bathing sites in Oulu meet the quality standards of bathing water quality.
In fact, only blue left has been observed in the Py. Länd's bathing site.
In Tuesday and Wednesday, the environmental measures in Oulu took nine EU fronts and 30 other general bathing sites from Tuesday and Wednesday during Wednesday.
The concentrations of the bathing water of all bathing waters of all bathing waters, excluding bathing waters, subjected the mandate of the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health to all bathing bathing waters.
The waters of the marine bathing water was ensured on Wednesday, when bacteria concentrations had fallen below the various limits.
Not yet making water unbridled bathing water, but under favourable conditions, the situation could quickly become the blue birthdayer, so that water level makes the water into ferries.
The environment policy is monitoring the situation under current controls.
If binateral emergency is transformed into bluefin economy, then this issue will be informed on bathing sites separately.
I see the results of bathing waters here.
MKM Hakkare reduction: 80% outside the forest owners
The reduction in forests represents a single form of taxation in the budgetary proposal of the Treasury ministry next year.
The income tax legislation proposes a tax reduction which would be granted on the basis of a tax on forestry generations.
The Ministry of the Ministry of Forest Government has four objectives: promoting generational changes in forest farms, young people for the building of forest owners, increasing the size of forestry shops and increasing the supply of wood.
The Ministry aims to promote the entrepreneurial forestry.
Forester would be making a reduction in the pure capitalization of forestry.
In general terms, the idea of making this kind of tool to promote generational recovery of forest facilities is a good one, commenting Juha Hakksarti, President of the Agricultural Association of Forestry and Forestry producers.
Nevertheless, Hakarainen finds criticism of the tax modifications.
The reduction in forestry leaders is proposed for the pure capitalisation of forests.
It is a capital income which has been reduced to all other reductions.
The MTK and Hakkarikai believe that the effectiveness of the tax reduction would be greater if the reduction could be made directly by the sale out of the wood.
The motion taken by MV into a reduction in the clean capital income for forestry is to be prevented from reducing the loss of capital income for forestry, which should be reduced from other taxation.
Such a person would benefit from the tax benefits while not timber.
The calculation model is unnecessarily complicated.
The average forestry is unable to make it, the Hakkarainer says.
The model, moreover, concerns only a small percentage of forest owners.
In EUR 40 000, the limit on forestry value is EUR 40 000.
It has been withdrawn from Hakaran too high.
As it stands, 82% of Finnish forest owners are excluded from the reduction.
It would have an impact on around 10% of the forest company, she says.
The VMM believes that the line ensures the objective of increasing the hole.
The forestry policy has been expected to reduce forest preference to Hakartika for decades.
It is behind the ageing of the forestry section.
According to the MTC, the average age of forest-owners is currently over 60 years and about half of the forest owners are pensioners.
Himanga - two cars deprived himself and come up with two cars.
The Himanda missing of Mr Kalakhis occurred late on Friday this morning.
According to the civil protection system, two cars in succession were derailed, after which you have come across as a result.
According to the fire-fighting Stationer Harri Pyile, there has been a suspicion of strong derailment.
There were two people who were travelled in the hospital by two people who were travelled in the hospital.
There is no more detailed information for their animals.
The aforementioned car driver was not injured.
It happened in the way in which there were a few kilometres from Himanga to Kalaja.
Finnish research can help to improve the effectiveness of cancer regions
The recent findings of researchers at the University of Turku can help to make cancer more efficient.
The findings carried out by the Academic Professor Johanna Iva's research group show that the current cancer of cancer contributes to the incidence of cancer.
Many human tissues such as breast territories are very soft and tissue cells are increasing in normal circles in such an environment.
According to I thought, the growth of cancer could be prevented under laboratory conditions by responding to normal, soft tissue in laboratory conditions.
In the future, the effectiveness of cancer medical treatments may be improved by concentrating on the interaction between cancer cells between cells and surrounding tissues.
The findings of the study have been published in Natura Communicationations in the field of club in the field of 4 August.
The treatment of Commissioner Mukhok's family family continues, prosecutor is calling for another factor.
The treatment of the family disaster in Mukos continues in comparison with both sentenced people.
Two young men were sentenced in June to prison for the family killing of Mr Muhos.
Another was 8 years in which 4 months, including a young person, have been committed and serious robbery.
It is 12 years of imprisonment for murder and outrageous robbery at a young person.
The sentence has also been condemned to jeopardizing gross road safety as a young person and a right to transport as a young person.
The judge of the right was complained by the prosecutor, the representatives and the man of the stricter sentence.
As a young person, the prosecutor is calling for 12 years' imprisonment as a young person who has been convicted as a young person.
We were doing entirely with full understanding.
According to the right, 17 years old young people were killing their children's unit for the protection of the children of their workers in July last year.
A 17-year-old person was attacked by a 17-year-old, according to the explanatory structure of the sentence, attacked by the seated leaders.
The director had removed and usurped its young room and young people were bought by one of young people in the Italian pipeline.
The director, among other things, was disciplined under the led to the end of the leadership.
The situation suggested that both were convicted at the time of full understanding.
According to justice, young people had been planning to flee from family education at least from the date of the last few days.
The long-lasting of the long-lasting period in the world is increasing at 156 and 156 years
The most long-living backbone of the world has been confirmed by a research published in the Science.
The residue living around the Atlantic, such as Greenland, such as Greenland, can live up to the age of 400.
Your narrative is growing until the age of 156.
Increasing the life of ice shark is that it will increase only in a period of centime per year.
Only one city species is known for longer longer the remains of the living.
Scientists told ageing with the radio-crossing light.
The nuclear tests carried out in the 1950s had radioactive residues in some of the shark.
On that basis, scientists were able to assess the age of sharks.
However, the oldest was assessed for 392 years - albeit in the direction or others for up to 120 years.
Donald Trump - the news of the people against the people
Donald Trump America does not need the world.
Even a third of all tax revenue would not receive if the change imposed by Mr Donald Trumps is taking place.
In particular, tax revenue would decrease as a result of tax concessions benefiting the most richest.
The Trup tax programme described its tax programme in its revolutionary presentation on Monday in Detroit.
The tax on companies would fall from 35% to 15%.
We should not collect a veritable amount of USD 1, 000 billion per year.
There is now a superhaultery tax rate of 39.3, following the rebate proposed by the Trumpin Trumpin.
Inheritance tax would be handed over completely.
The Trump accused of business too much level of regulation and the promotion of small businesses in bankruptcy.
Rush environmental standards must be redeveloped and energy regulations.
Barack Obama's health reform must be re-examined.
The administration must be appointed to 'experts' rather than bureaucrats'.
According to Trump, trade policy is the main cause of the problems of the United States.
We would distance ourselves from free trade agreements.
For imports from China to be penalized from 45% and 35% from Mexico from Mexico.
We are offering a new future.
Americanism, not globalization, is our credomic acknowledgement, Trump proclaimed.
Donald Trump America does not need the world:
American cars will promote in the streets, American aircraft combining towns, American ships will be monitored at sea, an American steel increases throughout the country.
By way of contrast, the Trump came to go through the discussion written by the assistants, despite the fact that well-organized protests were suspending it 14 times.
Economists - including republicaners - visit the Trumps programme to the United States in deep economic downturns.
Mr Clinton published its own programme earlier on Friday's time.
The tidal wave of the past - news of the people
The sea turned fatally, but the actual tsunami strikes in the streets of Madrid - the account can begin with the past.
It summarized the very essence of the novel Pedro Almodovar.
The previous governor of Mr Alpovora Materable forces (2013) was a minimalist and running satire comedy, preceding the summer of the Spanish circulation living (2011).
Levelling, Juliet (2016) is located in between those two works.
It is a serious love, human relationship and family community, centred on the relationship between mother and the daughter.
It is a bomb story and it is seen a long guarantee.
Life seems to be in the case of the average name of the average person (Emma Suarek), but then everything is in danger of collapsing.
In the wake of adventitious encouragement, Dario Grandinet can always be surprising until the end of the film.
In the form of a banagement and long letter, Julieta times the stages of their lives to the growing stages of an increasing daughter.
He initiates the time before the daughter, at a time when you met this father of the forthcoming father (Daniel Grao).
At the same time, Commissioner Adraina Ugarte, as a young teacher from Juliet, as a young teacher, is taking over the television series between the television service (2013-2014).
The ageing of Julietta has been handled in a way which may be regarded as chicken, but I would say that time is weak and weighted on a one-off basis.
Almodvarov's often characteristic with such characteristic values, ladies and gentlemen, always humouring in Julieta is a fair distance.
It is strongly exhibited, contained, the place with good music and a highly sargoose cinema in which there are ingredients in electricity.
On the other hand, visual commodity, typical of Spanish directors, is recorded and is beginning to burden silence more in a clean form than a functioning dramatic efficient means of efficiency.
Film is affected by illness, death, or even sudden losses, but the surface remains one Korean.
This is particularly true of the blasphemy: in the case of the name, there is a rotation from one sector to another and the same equivalent.
Almodóvar is very precise in these matters, but it is not more particularly important than that.
From a mechanical point of view, the impression is outside and little small.
Almodovar has mandated the Nobel literature on the basis of three noble Canadian Munron rewarding Canadian Alice Munro.
Mr Karkulain, a Novellit has been published: reports.
Mr Almodvarova has invested in dialogue the result of a balance in written literature.
It would have been the equivalent of the emotionally-friendly drama, the bigger issues - particularly the guilty guilty guilty - on the leff-liff theme.
Guidance and guidance: Mr Alo Almodovar.
Based on Alice Munro's three survivors.
Sumare, Adriana Agriana Ugarte, Rossy de Palma, Daniel Grao, Dario Grandinetine.
The film is primarily 12.8.
The Government is trying to elect its elections - the news of the national people.
It is not the Ministers who are seeking new cutbacks to ensure that those people are not collapsing.
But the cuts which were decided in spring will be made in the form of a raft of trade.
There will be no new cuts.
There have already been sufficient savings of 4 billion.
That is how Prime Minister Juha Sipilé (Vesset) and Mr Petterple (Kok) under the budgetary argument.
It is true that there are no new cuts in the MV proposal because the social security cuts were decided already in the spring framework.
Child brilliance, national pensions, basic unemployment protection and almost everyone else are reduced by 0.85%.
The length of current production unemployment is shorter to 400 a day.
Training cuts continue.
Elections on municipal elections
Why do Ministers emphasize precisely that new cuts are not taking place?
The next year will be an election year.
The municipal elections will take place in April and they will be the main importance of the electoral period, not the governors.
It has also been seen that the reversal of municipal elections in the various directions of government parties spoils the government's long term.
But the Gallups tell us that the Party of Government is waiting to be suddenly referred to the Finnish person, even though the result of the previous elections was a modest 12.3% compared with the presidential elections.
Four years ago the Constituents Finnish received a further 752 new mandates, of which a large part of next spring will be realized by the price of influence in the right-wing government.
One of the three large parties' regional government's lives is to set aside the fact that the views of the Fellow Fellow Fellow Fellows are being taken.
Today it has not lasted, but more than half of those who voted have had enough of government politics in the first year.
The first set of infringements of the party delegation in the party also goes into the surface.
The rhetoric of new cuts will not be available, first of all, with the facts that next year they will be dramatically carried out and, secondly, we are trying to soften the blockade awaiting the background people.
Witch-hunting in 2018?
In a year's time, everything is probably different - if the Sipilla Government continues.
The Government has set itself the objective in this parliamentary term, but the proposed budgetary debt of Peterto Orpon obliges next year to EUR 5.9 billion, in other words more than this year.
There are two options for the running elections.
The first is to increase our hands in the middle of the parliamentary term and recognize that the government will not be able to comply with its own programme.
One is to stick to the programme.
That means new even tougher cuts in the budget of the year 2017.
The budget would run at least a balance during the course of 2018 and then in the spring of the parliamentary elections in the presidential elections.
There is no particular interpretation of these measures.
It is quite clear that the current interventions will not come to grips with, although the Jun Pipple is trying to foment the positive mood.
The current cases presented by Secretary of State Martti Hetemäeu are proving unacceptable:
The forecasts of growth in the world economy have been repeatedly proved to be over-origin - there will be no international economies.
The Finnish national economy has hardly risen following the collapse in 2008, not just during the policy of recovery practised by the early 2010 figures.
Unemployment has increased by 35% in this decade and prolonged on average from 34 to 54 weeks.
Unemployment now costs EUR 3 billion more than in 2008.
In the current presented by OKEE, the general government debt, which exceeded the 60% border in 2014, will increase to 70% in the middle of the next decade.
What is responsible?
In the spring of 2015, the debt-friendliness proposed by the Left has been rejected because it was considered irresponsible.
In the coming year, maintaining unemployment costs about EUR 6 billion, covering practically new debts.
That is the understanding of the centre, the meeting and the fundamental people who is responsible.
The question: let us leave a lot of work on municipalities.
Three out of four believe that the municipality of child childhood, youth work and physical activity comes under the responsibility of the municipality - two - research into the Foundation for municipalities.
The overwhelming majority of the people is taking responsibility for the individual municipalities, including libraries, culture, civil conditions, construction surveillance, security training and waste management.
In turn, the province is responsible for most obvious provincial transparency, vocational training, vocational training, vocational universities and institutional care for developing countries.
No municipal responsibility for municipalities does not want to transfer the State.
The minor drop-out runs at the end of the public headquarters.
The 16-year-old motorcyclist was introduced into the Police Permapation in Joenstrian Ilomontsinest night plant one side of the Friday night.
The police broadcast is trying to stop the motorcycle lightweight, but a young man started to drive the police under fair speeds.
This particular procedure continued to the Sunkan coastal, which still exists for the beaches of sorrory and fewer forests, where the motorbyes were out of the way.
After that, a young man leaves us, but a more rapid police was running up.
The blow to the driver brought to 0.75 parms.
Nor did he had a driving licence which would have justified on a motorcycle promotion.
In particular, the case is being investigated as an outrageous threat to road safety.
There were the lorries in balance of civilizations:
There was a lorries on civil barrelled over the Polviri title on Thursday at 9.15 p.m.
When the truck had been running out of the road and overturned, the truck had been overthrown.
The rescue institution brought the injured driver away from the fallen door, together with the personnel and interested partners of the rescue helicopter.
Increasing the vehicle was a matter for owners of the car.
Those who have fallen outside the road to the hydraulic oil whose civil institute was meted out to peat.
The police will look into the cause of the accident.
The electoral woman disappeated in the afternoon:
The 87-year-old woman has been missing from the afternoon in the Inkerma Lahtinjert in South office in the South.
The police are looking for approximately 165 cm for a long, death and a green woman with heir to the white kilogram.
The findings and the line of missing movements are asked to call the pontification numbered by the Centre in North Korea by 02954501.
Ingredients of a major accident in the air - I consider Mr Parafest destruction
The Parafest-festival's telephone deterioration was causing extensive devastation.
The Chairman of the Parafesty Association, Arto pipe, mentioned that the festival is financially accessible and the event can be held in the coming year.
The last occasion by the Parafesti was Kalle Salonen, at the end of Friday evening, in The Turkmenistan.
On Saturday, the project will continue by proposals on the premises of urban theatre.
The art centre threatens the Parafest exhibition at 1.35 o'clock.
Planned programmes are being organized.
The downstream is born in a nuclear plant when rainwaters are initiating the falling current.
The changes in water of United Stuers are bound to warmer and, therefore, the fall in the atmosphere will be counterproductive and the momentum towards that country is accelerating.
The aviation institute is told that there will be several Member States in Finland during the summer.
It is difficult to predict the route of these denominations.
A treatment applied to the Joensuu Museum on the Parafest events on Friday after the evening before five.
Three tents were overturned, there were about 200 people in the tents in total.
The accident violated itself less than four people.
There was a single child who was mildly travelled with injuries in the follow-up.
Air pollution bypasses Londonians
The study shows that Londoners hones the same old rather than usual more rapidly.
The reason for skin ageing is atmospheric pollution.
On the subject of British research, Eve 'Eveing Stadard'.
The British beatonized company Cacid is analysing London without the most toxic particulates and their impact on shoes.
The results show that the skin of many retirement in London is two and a half years older two and a half years than, for example, an unteamake in rural areas.
Smake-fired particulates are a very fine piece of proliferation which comes from transport fuels.
The same particular particular particles are also a cause of respiratory diseases which, according to Evening Standard, kills nearly 9 500 London people every year.
The studies have seen that particles are small enough to pass the skin wide.
The Cacic study found that early ageing poses a risk to those Londoners, particularly in the vicinity of congested streets.
People in London can try to protect themselves against air pollution, for example with different types of minors, but the pragmatic solution recommends regular skin cleaning.
The tractor brakes were disappointed by the shoulders of Men.
The men had been transferring stones in a tractor in his spirit.
When he had risen the tractor and placated the tractor, the tractor was betrayed by the tractor and the tractor lies over the man.
The man was not falling below, but the tractor came back to the emergency man that he was transported to further investigations in the Central Hospital with serious injury.
The Tractor did not go far beyond that because it collided the stones which were in front of the people who were behind.
Latest efforts to fly into the future period
The aircraft championship league playing Liiga-Riento is based in October on a better starting point than memory playing in October.
The team has been in the near future for three weeks now.
There will be better common coverage than in the previous period, when a series of boats have been gloomy of Rienna.
As a mainland manufacturer, Mr Säni commends the new team as an attempt and unified team.
With regard to Fred Muson, the intermediate trials in Fred Muson are beginning in Rienna.
The new face is the 23-year-old Murangwa Nelso and Higaro Garchet.
In Nelson, there was a 205-cent fell in the Rwandan national land.
The Garchet is comparable with Passar, the Brazilians will have to measure 198 euro cents.
From Josbaw, Katara and Jokis using the US team to the US, America
Anne Jumppanen has been playing for nearly all the parlandy parliamentaries since 2003.
As of Sixth Champions in Tampere only 2013 was mentioned, Canada was better in the North American reductions.
I was in a job and played out in Turku at the company of women there when I realised the announcement.
The USA was creating the team of the Chamber.
I was interested, and here we are, Mr Pumpey, 48, is saying.
In 1967, Mr Jumppänen was born close to New York in the city of Elizabth.
In Helsinki, the family changed the anniversary of the year.
In 1987, pauppent has reached the University of Joeunse to study the information processing.
When I came into Joenston then the species should not have the species speculating at the Mosto level that of Salibaldina.
It has been played at the university.
I gathered in Kataja by the basketball and later in Jokispo ice hockey series, Mr Pumppent, will remember.
The university at the university was played by the university of the 1991-92 university, through the next three people in Josba.
In addition to playing, he was at the following championship.
The significant culmination of women's surveillance culminated was 1995 silter.
In all, Mr Jumppan played through 10 through women's series, which accumulated in 169 matches in 51 51 34.
Latest SM season 2001-2003.
Perttu Puska and Tatu Wauten were named in the national team
According to the Finnish team of the Finnish national team which plays into the Finnish team which is playing in the Chechen Brnon EFT toths between 6 and 8 November in the Finnish team.
In Helsinkinon, attacking Perttu Puska, attacking, 25 years of aggression, has played this before six male conditions, in which a total of effective priorities were played by him 9 = 4 = 4.
Tat Vääränen, after the age of Swiss Wiler-Erisigen, has recovered from the ratification and part of the national team standard equipment 117 experience in the standard equipment.
The land team was also appointed Mrs Kohonen, the hanging player of the Group of Seinu Pelsievi, who said the last time in Finland at the last December Games last December.
Mr Petri Kestune will act as a controversial main maintenance mainland by the Salibandbus team.
The corruption of the Beach Volley at the circumstances of Mr Essi Hasu in Kouvala - Smull a lack of award clock
Essé Hasu is about to stop beach Volley at least temporarily after this period.
The Finnish championships will be resolved at the weekend in the Sports Council for the weekend.
In three days, the medals will be playing in both adults and young people.
In cooperation with the Counoval Leator and the Leon Finnish Alliance on SM-finance, the six best imported couples of each series's season are accepted.
The local colour in tourism represents Essé Hasu, who has been at the time of the Finnish beach summit for several years, was increased by Essé Hasu.
Today Hasu, who lives in Helsinki, looks forward to games before the public.
Let us hope as many people as possible get there at the weekend.
I am sure that the Pesistadion is becoming a fine area.
I am not often in Kouvolaine very often in series of adults, so it is fine to play with the finers, the Hasu tunnel.
The Kouthola region sit upon the slight sport in Hasuu and given a good might to a fine holding.
There are well memories of childhood.
I started all over the NYMK directors of the airport age.
It is too much in the mind that it is too large in the form of general public protection and the huge instances of insiders and horographics after the point: they remember the Hasu.
With a small place, the sporting community was an intense community in which everyone knew each other.
The spirit of this group created an environment in which it was pleasant to play.
All the families were strongly involved - the father of the team companies prepared ourselves and the mother was a President-in-Office for a long time.
In the past, Essé Hasul Volley was a natural selection of species as a counterbalance.
Current arable bathing has been playing from birds in the 1990s.
It has always been active.
I myself have also been following the competitions in the Committee of SME arrival in the European Committee, that some day I would be playing there.
Now that dream is going to happen when Hasus is playing at the weekend, together with split Anniana Parkk in SM's finances.
However, after Mr Laoren and Mr Taru Lahti, the second punished two-tier objective is clear.
But we have a realistic objective.
The shortcoming of the SM-SM is still lacking in a prize, Hasu throws its mysterious matters.
The presentation of the weekend in Kouvola might be the last to Hasu in front of the public.
The new challenges facing civilian work at the beginning of September await the new challenges.
An international career is passed on following the Fascalle tournament.
Otherwise, in any case, the temporary planning is being planned for the blank cheques.
The tents of people with disabilities took place in Joenster, disasters were near,
The latter has brought down three tents by disabled people in the Parastes festivals in Joenstein.
The newspaper says that four people were injured in an accident.
A child was followed up with hospital.
According to Karelia, around 200 people were together in these tents.
There was a proposal in one more global tender.
Two teles were lower.
The accident took place on Friday at 17.00 noon.
The call fire-fighters Markus Viitanimi who is interviewed by the Karelian interview in the newspaper that there was a substance in a disaster.
According to the magazine, the continuation of the event is at stake.
Pleasure of the first part of Los Angel in Centra Library's excellent architecture
On the history of the Central Library, the Society Architecture is hosted by Southern Califorian Chapter in Souther Caliform Chapter in Central Capter, with the latest Los Angeles Central Library, the authors of the history of its and Architecture.
According to the programme, the Gee and Schwartmand will discuss and share the pictures of Bertram Goodhou's plans for 1926, as well as the restoration and additional structure of Hardy Holzman in 1993.
The meeting is taking place on 21 August between 14 and 16 November Salle Modernes-Art Art Southert School of School (former Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshshile Blo.
The participants can get into the round in the central soap, the style choirs, the residential rooms and the homeland.
This prior flag is called for: 15 dollars for the SAH / College, 25 dollars for non-members.
Transparent, industrial photography in DTLA feels entertaining modifications
Mr Los Angeles Central Library, we are celebrating nothing other than a new paper
Solomon Koli courageously started with an agricultural enterprise.
Agriculture is entrepreneurship for risks, small and medium-sized enterprises.
The young farmer, Salomon Koli, became an agricultural entrepreneur because he believes in a positive future in the countryside as well.
Two years ago, together with Mr Valterte Kol, Koli started working at the continuation of their homes.
Their father Markus Koli is helping them with his own experience.
Starting an agricultural entrepreneur marked debt and an increase in the size of the size so that the bread could be cancelled on agriculture.
This has been my fellow mine since the little boys.
I have always been honest in the farm holdings, and now that I started as an entrepreneur I have put into everything into a game.
If you start something, then I think that it should be done seriously and properly.
In 2013 we went to the building blockade and the bank was not enthusiastic in the bank.
However, I personally went boldly to the project, and I have been involved in this project, Solomon Koli will add to the fact that it would not have been taken if he did not have faith in the production of Finland food and the fact that everything is still turning.
The aim of Solomon Koli, which increases meat stocks, is to invest even further in the greater way.
The work has produced results, because Solomon Koli has been elected to the best ten groups in the competition of a young food producer in the future of the countryside.
He is now in a position to compete for possible victory.
He will be able to vote until a magazine on the website to 21 November.
Bulgaria submits inflation for the first time in eight months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% in July.
This is the highest level for years (after June 2012) and for the first reading by zero since October last year, when the positive would be about 0.2%.
The annual average inflation to be measured in living costs was 0.8% over the last 12 months (August 2015) in July 2016, compared to 12 months before August 2014 - July 2015.
The cost index of living in July 2016 was 101.0% compared with June 2016, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The beginning of the year compared with the inflation rate of 0.2% in December 2015 compared with July 2015, and annual inflation in July 2016 was about 0.2% compared with July 2015.
Compared with the previous months of consumption, in July 2016 the price of consumption was identified: foodstuffs and alcoholic beverages: transport (1.8%), free time and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%, mixed goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and footwear (2.2%), rates, financial products and routine management (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level at the same level as alcoholic beverages and tobacco, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, training and education.
Snapchati's animal is being criticised for Asian cruising
According to Snapchati, the administration has worked as a source of inspiration to a filtration but, according to some observers, it is racist.
Through its working lines, Snacchat allows for approximately 150 million daily users for their daily users in ways of modifying reality and identity in ways which are almost laughable.
You can change itself into a dog or a figure who suits the painting of Roy Lichtenstein.
Lenders are simple, face-time tools which produce more than 30 million improved selling a day.
Everything is urgently reached in public documents.
In the past, there has been an accusation that Mr Snapchati lines have been criticized from the fact that it is appropriate for the advertising of a black-face - that is to say, the question of blackets - or favour the vigilant colour in beach island.
So when Mr Snapchat advertised the lenses this week for certain users, who gave them the spectacular eye-off, teeth and bulk posts, certain critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people - 'Yellowface'.
And whether these repeated controversies could be a sign of the diversity of a company's major problem.
The news and the disapproval went through large-scale reports on Wednesday The Verge and the Motherbord report, day later, Mr Scanchas has suspended the quality.
The company offered an explanation. Lins was intended to tribute in the minimum characters, not a caricature of Asians.
But the observers who have experienced racism were a reminder of offensive types of stereotypes.
Others denounced the animal heavy.
Grace Sparapan, a Korea-American student with the photographs being widely shared by the Korean-American student, said in his e-mail that the lending was' at the very least violation and inconvenience '.
He added that 'it is difficult to counteract comparison where Asian cruelty and the filter' are completely outrageous.
It shows that filtering is not just yellow filtering.
Snaphat is not the only company that goes beyond these cultural traps.
An American culture appears to have stopped in the endless fight for diversity and including the inclusion of, Corporation Houses, Hollywood and equipment which we are all in our hands.
And the enormous, radocratically more diverse young people of ScanpSchat may mean that they are even likely to wait for a more understandable attitude.
Twenty-five years Katie Zhu, in an interview on Thursday, said that when one of the lines of Scanpcat creates an illusory picture, it is much more difficult for these types to be unacceptable.
Production chief and engineer working on Thursday Zhu Zhu, Medium, decided to remove its Snapcat account and called for others to do the same.
In the written system, in the Medium and telephone call he said that they believe that the racial disputes reflect the lack of the diversity of the Snanchate wage practices.
He criticized the company, mainly a company at the White men and decided his written words for hashtagle! Deletellepack (Travestappans)
Either they do not have diverse representations of various colours in their services, so they are able to take decisions of this kind, 'Chinese-American American representatives said' or they do not have different representatives of skin, but they are not in positions safe or could be directly.
The other observers share their opinions, a complaint which Mr Snapchat has largely disregarded.
The company is not public figures for the diversity of their staff, considering its status as a private company.
On Thursday Senpshac refused to discuss his people's staff from rating but, according to the representative, a company was recruited some time ago to concentrate on under-represented populations and promotes internal internal incorporation.
For its part, Mrs Zhu said that I think that the Snachat sitnation is added: 'I wonder whether they actually need more users like ourselves in order to say that this is not expected'.
According to the Congress Panel, military affiliations wronged Islamous intellectual information
In a report on Thursday, the Congress report said that the authorities' intellectual reports on the headquarters of the American armed forces shaping the headquarters of the American armed forces present a more optimistic picture against Iraq and the war in Syria against the Islamic local ISR than what happened on the ground.
The report of the Chamber of Deputies in the Chamber of Defence Committee, the Chairman of the Defence Committee, the Delegation Committee, the Chairman of the Defence Committee, the Delegation Committee and the widespread dissatisfaction of the Committee of Defence Committee, among the widespread dissatisfaction of the Committee of Inquiry and the Committee of Defence Committee, among those who said that the submissives are finding their assessment of the Americans' aspirations to gain t
A headquarter known as Centcioma is the headquarters of the armed forces in Florida Tampan, who is monitoring American armed forces in the Middle East and Central Asia.
'The yields approved by the more highly-managed Centmorch leaders gave a more positive US intention than the faits which took place on the ground, which was regularly more positive than the analyses produced by other factors in the intelligence community.
'CCM totally unacceptable ', our fighters are suffering when bad analyses are presented to high-ranking decision-makers', Mr Ken Calvert, Republic of California.
The failures of the management of Centcom reach an entire organization since then.
The 10th report describes in detail the perpetual problems concerning the description and analyses of the headquarters of the United States to train Iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not give clear evidence that the Obama Administration's high-ranking administrative authorities have imposed reports, it reflects the sentiments of the analysts that the Centcom leaders had put under pressure in a more positive light by the Islamic State, the Islamic State, of the Islamic State.
For the first side of the year 2015, many heading press releases, opinions and certifications to the Congress were much more positive than the events themselves.
For example, the Centcom authority publicly said that a bogus attack in order to conquer Mosul could begin as early as May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, is still in the hands of the Isis.
After the months of investigation, this is very clear, Mrs Mike Pompel, the Republican of Kansas, in the opinion.
The most high-level American military headquarters of the American armed forces in mid-2015 will manipulate the profits of the headquarters' headquarters in order to underestimate the threat of Iraq in Iraq.
The Republicans created, after listening to the working group, that the analystsis had expressed a number of concerns about intelligence from the Islamic country.
The report published on Thursday results in more extensive results when the investigation is under way.
The surplus ministry of the Ministry of Defence has launched an extraordinary, unfortunate investigation into Centchom's.
On Thursday, the democrat MEPs of the Chamber of Deputies published their own findings who were consistent with the conclusions of some of the Republican working group.
'We between 2014 and 2015 Centchom created the isolationization process for the Iraqi and Iraqi security forces', the representative of the representative, Mr B. Schiff, led by the Committee, in the statement.
According to Schiff, this process' prolonged the publication of intelligence communications' was worsening among the analysts and does not 'give sufficient room for different aspects'.
Mr Schiff and the Democrats have said that they did not found evidence that the White House would have tried to put pressure on the Centcom analysts to reconcile their conclusions on 'prevention or political communication'.
The Daily Beast reports on Tuesday on the preliminary results of the Congress Conference.
In August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon survey has started an inquiry following the complaints from Centch's analyst.
The Commander Patrick Evans, representative of the Pentagon, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence was not commenting on the Congress report as long as the over-inspector research is under way.
But he said that 'the experts disagree with the interpretation of complex information, and the Community Community and the Ministry of Defence welcome these essential subjects of national security.
The investigation has other secondary consequences, rather than just the question of whether the US bombing measures led by the United States in Iraq and Syria prosperous (such as the growing number of defence authorities are now claiming).
Last year's accusations were calling into question how President Obama can rely on an honest assessment by the headquarters of Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis targets.
The criticism of the Islamic state is reflecting over the decade when Centchom's intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research article saying that, despite the objections of many analysts, President George W. Bush's administration was in favour of a little military force in Iraq and used very little time to think of the consequences of the 2003 attack.
Hooke was also the intellectual intelligence of the Islamic State in the key role of the rebellion.
According to the authorities last year, the Hooker Group concluded that, in spite of the opposite public statements, the economic group of terrorists had not significantly weakened the economy of the terrorist group because it had built temporary refiners to sell oil through black marketing.
The Times reported in September that this discovery was not informed outside the headquarters.
The Centch commander, General Lloyd and Austan III, started to be criticized last year since many legislators considered his witness to the Senate as an over-assessment of war.
General Austin retired in April and, in her place of headquarters, General Joseph Votel came to the headquarters.
The United States will, for the fourth time, run for successive women in a hockey hockey, organizing a conflict with Britain
After three Marches, during the winning of three Marcial Colleagues Japan: 6-1, Katie BAM, on Thursday, took the first two paints of the US women's land cock team in the American win between India 3 and 3.
Five goals in two games sound like an unforgonable achievement, but the 27-year-old BAM said that it was not sure whether he did so in the past.
I have nothing again and yet he said.
'Hon a person who keeps a book on their paints' is not really '.
But he knows: the Americans are in between 4 and 6 situations in the Olympic Turn and share the first place of their group with Britain, which still had the blessing after overcome to Japan on Thursday 2 and Japan.
On Saturday, the British and the United States will face the final game of the first round.
Both these teams have survived for a quarter, and this game solves who will be the first and who is the second group of the six teams.
The first is to avoid a strong Dutch, second group leader, at the beginning of the fourth functions.
Four years after the last 12 of the 12 Members of the Olympic Games in London, the Americans come to an end at the end of the Saturday Games.
BAM was in that team.
He increased the Pennsylvanian Blue Bell and picked up the holding of the field country for the first time aged two years.
He was not involved in the 2008 Olympics because the final list of players could not be included.
In 2012, nothing was proceeded by him and his teams.
Over the following year, English Parnam was appointed as practitioners, and things started to change.
The change in culture, mental change, the physical change that BAM has said.
We did not have the same working undertakings in London as we have.
We have made a U-turn.
On Thursday night evening, BAM began the first half-age target at a crossroads close to the goal.
India had become a game of a single profit in tourism, but the team was surprisingly harsh and surprisingly held in the situation between 1 and 1 reading at the end of the third location since the situation BAM received the situation.
He transported the ballot long after the level of the field, then circulating in the middle and pushed the ball to the Americans and the Americans around the two leaders.
Melis Gonzalez added at the end of the last goal in mid-term for four nominations.
This zero game was the first type of the field landing in the United States of the American goalper, Jackie Briggsen, who had released one goal to each of the first three profits.
She is in a visible manner.
It is also the case.
We now have a good situation, 'Mr Parnhald said', it depends on the final outcome of the game in Saturday.
The peace of Trampus in the minds of the Olympics
Wherever the time is running, the Games are taking place.
The events in Rio de Janeiro appear to be continuous and inevitable, the message of furious competition and effort.
It is as though the Olympic features themselves would be a freezing shortcoming which is being conveyed by the bathing bather and by the controversial to the Trihthonist battery.
It is impossible to put TV on the newspaper or listen to a debate in a café queue without hearing about Simone Biles, Mrs Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Mr Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad le Chad.
And then there is Logan Doole.
Mr Dooley, the first order of the Olympic Games and the forthcoming smokers of the Olympic Games, could well be one of the names of everyone who is being presented in the best period of time and sponsorship and television advertisements - if he were a bather, an advocate or even an official.
But the Doolé Forest coming from California, 28, is competing from the Olympic Glare in the trampolin.
The Olympic group does not illustrate all the same species.
Further away from the focal point, partly in the shadow of the centre, these are the species that not everyone universally unacceptable: atmospheric tolls, flexibility, calculation, westwooken.
We always have the breasts, long live.
But I should like to draw your attention, if I may, to attend the mitigating force of trampolinin.
Although the trampoline has been specific to the Olympic species since the year 2000 when it has committed its presence in the Sydney Games, there have been so little remarks between the last 16 years that many people who had been interviewed did not realize that this is the Olympic Games.
This may be territorial ignorance.
Although the United States has been sending sportsmen to compete for the fish, it has never won the medal, and it has never progressed by the sport until the final before 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians generally share men, Chinese and Canadian women's medals.
In the course of this year, China Dong and Canada Rosie McLennan are defending their London.
But there is a certain appeal in Trampolin, partly because it is better sounded on cloning than the Olympics.
Here I have to acknowledge that I am not an expert, I am just absurd fans.
There is opportunities for species to be amusing, such as the colour of frontiers, but there is also strengthening and hypocrisy, two species which, in principle, combine it.
The term 'trampoline' comes from the word of Spanish el prompton, which means a springboard.
The objectives of the championship jumped into the heinous of almost 30 farms in almost 30 farms, and they will have to perform business series (translations, translations, instruments) and ultimately landing on their feet.
According to the Official Olympic Games, they are assessed on the basis of implementation, difficulty and 'flight'.
In Rio, 32 atomic sportsmen from 17 countries compete for 17 countries, 16 people and 16 women.
The most common Olympic Games are moving directly.
Those who want to go together should go out even further, more quickly, more time, sometimes to government, sometimes around the field.
They are not just a finishing line or embryo, but also in televisional reporting, the second questionary limit: the world or the Olympic record.
This determined purpose is noble, admirable and even fanatical - and I can get even to the viewing tears.
But it is also reason why looking at the patients could be a little exhaustive.
My Trampoman offers rest here.
The direction of Trampolin is taking up.
The aim is not to move forward.
A competitor is increasing by a new rise, affecting the emphasis as an astronautic, taking place, then the downward treatment is then unsuccessfully once again.
Of course, this does not involve competition or difficulties, but the programme is no fierce rush towards the end, not the remoteness of the distance, only a sensitive interruption of time and pressure.
That is so close to the state of the gene than in the Olympic Games.
The reduction competition for women and then the final will begin on Friday at 1 o'clock at 13 noon, men's Games come on Saturday at 13.30 noon.
The NBC sends the final as part of the afternoon's system in both countries.
They will offer quite an attractive moment in the middle of the Olympia, which is probably not realized in the public chaos.
And if we can only achieve awareness by offering manoeur sportspeople to be submitted and objectives (as the masters of the United States recently proposed that The Wall Street Journal) according to The Wall Street Journal, Mr Dooley was just waiting to look for a new fanition.
'Kearn protests' in Ethiopia, which is a long-term ally in the United States
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Political change in Ethiopia has hit the demonstrators before the government's violent opposition.
Eyeworkers say that tens of demonstrators have been fired to death in confrontations with the police.
Is Ethiopia collapsing?
Over the last decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a strong ally by the West whose economy is growing rapidly.
In recent months, the demonstrations which have been shaken by the opposition by the regime have been shaking the country as more and more regions.
Last week, thousands of people rushed to the streets demanding a thorough political change.
According to human rights groups, the response of the government was ruthless.
Eyesigns were saying that the police fired had shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
The videos which have been disseminated in the demonstrations, believed in the end of last year or the beginning of this year, show how the safety authorities are eating young people while forcing them to stand against the wall.
Now the United Nations human rights authorities now require thorough investigations.
'The meeting of that country was always difficult and will be even more difficult, 'said Mr Abdi, Chief of Proceeding for the International Crisis Group, the Project of the Horn of Africa.
Ethiopia is Africa's second country after Nigeria and the West value its stability.
The American military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians in the fight against the terrorist threat of the region in Somalia in particular, and hardly any African country gets some of the help of the Western countries.
Ethiopia's economy has grown effectively.
Its infrastructure has improved extremely hard and the capital Addisa Ababa is even a new businessman.
Typically the streets of the city are silent, safe and clean.
Although Ethiopia has been a temptation for democracy, the human rights organizations have continued to talk about the repression of the regime, the opposition in the country has been limited and dissidents have been effective.
Many people have been expelled from the country, imprisoned, killed or taken away from the desert.
But that can be changed.
If you are stifling people and they have no choice but to demonstrate, that is what Seyou Temesho, a university teacher from Central Ethiopia, said.
The whole of young people demonstrate.
One generation demonstrates its mind.
The complaints are diverse and extend to the stranglehold of all the powers of the Governing Coalition of the Governing Coalition.
After much criticized elections last year, the governing party of its allies received the place of the last opposition, and it is now in possession of all the places in this House.
At the same time, the tensions at the border with Eritrea are growing: the battle along the border with this straight and controversial line called for hundreds of lives in June.
The analysts fear that separatist groups such as Oromo Liberation Front or Ogade National Liberation Front, which have been more or less defeated over the last few years, could try to use their favour and restore arms.
The various factors explain why, after years of bullying, the bitter emotions are now being exploited.
The first seems to be quite harmless: smart phones.
Only in the last few years a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate through social media when the cheaper smart phones have become increased and the Internet service improved.
Although the Government places access to Facebook and Twitter, as it is often done, particularly during the demonstrations, many people can send out their message through network media servers.
Many young Ethiopians said this was the case for demonstrations.
Secondly, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia, oramines and amadements.
Oromos and the amateur are not natural allies.
For a very long time, ambulances coming mainly by Ethiopian Christians in the highlands were successful in politics and business, taking advantage of the oromoirs, many of which are Muslims and those living in the world.
But that is also going to change.
'We are on your journey towards the single umbrella ', Mr Comalato Gemechu said.
The main demonstrations have been in the amalational and frontier regions.
Many holiday and marometers think that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by the people of Ethiopia, which covers about 6% of the population and covers the armed forces, the intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, the former rebelier, was in 17 years for the Ethiopian Prime Minister to die a secret disease in 2012.
He was regarded as a tactical nero as a man who saw the corners.
Analysts say that he was particularly valid to find out early discontent and to use the secret broadcasters to do something.
There is no basic elimination of the current administration, the Conflict Analysis Abdi said.
The new Ethiopian Prime Minister, Lailemarimaria Desaleg, strengthened relatively unknown to meet Meles's population.
Unlike Meles, from northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam is a south.
Analysts say that the security services controlled by the triggers do not trust him.
Many people fear that this may lead to growing bloodshed.
For the last time, Ethiopia was in power in 2005, when thousands of people demonstrated in their view of the elections which, according to the analgists, seemed that the government first committed and then robbed.
In the case that has been followed, many demonstrators were killed, although less than in recent months, and that disturbing period went relatively swiftly.
Development specialists have praised the Ethiopian leaders of visionary infrastructure planning, such as new mobility trains, and considerable progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously this has not stop the internal Ethiopian government's internal contempt.
And it is beginning to take a dangerous, ethnic form.
Last month the demonstrators in the Ahmara city in Gondard were attacking businesses owned by the groups and the anti-greed hatred is becoming increasingly frequent in social media.
The analysts say that the demonstrations will put the United States and other Western allies in a clumsy position.
The American Government has used Ethiopia as a base on air flights to neighbouring Somalia, even though it recently said that it has closed this baggage.
Even if the Western countries clearly want to support democracy, they are not willing to conclude their already unstable associations.
'You ', Abdi said,' there is a real balance '.
The Donald Trump explains the Obama formative artist 'assassination'.
Donald J. Trump experienced the conflict between his last campaign on Friday by claiming that he was not serious about the fact that President Obama and Hillary Clinto were 'foundering' of the Islamic terrorist group of President Obama and Hillary Clinton.
The report raised new questions about the ability of the Presidential Candidate for the Republican people to communicate clearly to the American public.
It also set his defenders who have struggled to defend him during the turbulent period, the place where they must explain the comments which he not necessarily means.
Following the suggestion at the Wednesday's campaign meeting, the Trump maintained the same enthusiasm for Thursday's interviews in which he was intending to say that the President and Clinto created the Issa.
But the Trump of the early Friday morning, however, said that he was merely sarcast.
The publication represented a U-turn from the previous date when the Trump said that there was indeed serious indictments in various interviews.
When Mr Hugh Hewitt, the Conservative Druider, tried to help Truppe by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy his candidate of the Presidential candidate of Israi, the presidential candidate of Republicans.
The latest storm comes in a situation where Trump has reopened its campaign to fall into the economy.
The Trump and Clinton fought for the economy this week in Michigan.
Europe on Friday, Trump tried to return to this subject again.
Again, he warned that the Clinton proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he has had to say something about higher taxes.
The Trumps have previously used sarcase defence.
Late July since he faced extensive criticism when he proposed that the Russians should hack the Clinton e-mails, he explained their comments by saying 'I am sorry I am sarcastic'.
This approach makes it possible for the Trumpt to take political speeches and then return if necessary.
I think it is a model in which he is testing certain messages which are important for his fanes.
But I also believe that she is in the ride of his strong statements and knows that they are sufficiently vague to filter them through a number of lending.
Instead of reducing their speeches for the great president of the European Parliament, the Trump in the last few days has been much more sovereign when his applause has continued to fall.
The new, NBB Wall of the Wall Street Journal / Maris Journal, published on Friday, showed that the Trump line in Northern Carolina, Virginia and Colorado in Northern Carolina, Virginia and Colorado is stringent in Floroda.
Even if Trupp is essentially trying to escape apologies for provocative affairs, he is often accusing his critics of misunderstanding her words or abusing his sense of humour.
He is increasingly closer to looking at the presidential election campaign over the last few months, Trumpi's jokes have forced his loyal ally in an uncomfortable position in which they have to publicly support him, regardless of their provocative comments.
The former Mayor of New York, Rudolph Giu Giuliniani, who is one of the most significant supporters of the Trumps, visited a great deal in defence of the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
I think that what he said is real, political comments, Mr Giuliani said when he was questioned about the accuracy of the Trumps, according to which Mr Obama and Clinton was founded by an Islamic state.
That is true in the sense that before Obamas Issa was almost unknown, a small organization which he called an amateur, completely wrong and that is why he withdrew forces from Iraq.
Most representatives of mainstream representatives are trying to claim that the Obama Government, where Clinton was a Foreign Minister, allowed the Ision to get worse because it did not effectively manage the situation in the Middle East.
Prior to the meetings of the Friday of Pennsylvania, Trump continued on Twitter attacked towards the reports to renationalize her word and are against him against him.
He makes a mockery of the 'bad', perpetratory television experts who are trying to make it quite clear to him 'they do not succeed!'
Some of the democrats mocked the excuse of the Trumpin for the new evidence that he is inappropriate for president.
Curtain previously closed coffeee returns to greening.
Verb Cafe was sortering, just a place in Williamsburg, where there was no magnificent network in Williamsburg, but which offered a good coffer for 15 years.
Of course, the Bedford Avenuven street was too expensive.
The movement replacing the summer of the Verber in the summer of 2014, in the shops of the Soap Cherie, was soader.
The local local look was the latest loss in the middle-class city in a middle class.
Mr Molly Crabappe wrote on Twitter: 'New York is a change, I know, but I still cannot believe that CBGG has died and Chelsel Hotel is defeated and its soal is now soap.
But if there is a change in New York, then there is the question of reinventing it.
The resurgence of Verb last November became Green, less than a mile of its original location.
In the new Verb, there is the fif and there can be paid by credit cards, but some personnel still remain there and the same nightmare.
Coffee is still good.
A new verba is led by Cisco Rodriguez, a long-term employee of the old coffee, owner of the new place and the Director General.
She started in Verb in 2001 and was complete there.
When the customer offered to finance her in the new seat, he said that he was enthusiastic.
Rodriguez, 36, many issues were the same.
Verb uses the same bagel journalist and purchased a similar preservation machine.
It even used old verbs lights.
But Mr Rodriguez has said that he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
There are breaks in breeding machines from the material and there are, for example, complaints available on capital and rubber-stamping bags.
There is rice in the bullets.
Beer will no longer be served but fresh priorities are taking place there.
In nine months, Mr Rodriguez says it has seen a steady flow of old customers.
Willsmaburg was also too expensive for many former customers, she said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Olivero was such a customer.
OLIVEIRA 34 were previously resided in William amburg and regularly took place in Verb.
Even after he modified Greenpin, she completed the café.
She says that, after the verb's closing down, he was abandoning coffee territory for a moment.
I realized that I enjoyed the coffins and cultures of a Verb.
Now he has returned to the coffee, although that day he ordered, instead of his conventional affliction, a chain which is one new increase.
The second long-standing customer, Tom Rosenthal, was faithfully visited by Verbia since 2003.
He comes there before working and always carried out the same order.
'Au every day fifteen more than seven, regularly like the clock, I went and they were preparing for a spice of bagebali, 'he said.
Mr Rodruguez said that he wanted to experiment and bring new ingredients on the foot.
Mr Rosental is currently committing its ordinary order, but sometimes, his volatility means that space is battered bag bageb, elsewhere and cheese.
Mr Rodriguez says he is not a resentment for shopping, which took old farms.
In fact, the offer of Mr Soph Cheries' owners offered to produce a special independence for Verbio in which the ingredient would be used for coffee coffee with cafés.
'It we can still take up the offer 'Rodriguez said.
And Greeneptitu's traditional Polish communities have also accepted the coffee.
One of these new customers turned the menu into Polish, and Mr Rodriguez pointed out that he plans to set up it very shortly at any point in order to welcome his new neighbour.
The new location has other interests.
The local speculation wants to both bottle and sold after cold coffee.
It is possible that the coffee buildings seem to be extended to the building.
Many customers have to get their old favourites in the new Verb.
Joseph Whitt was a farmer customer and said that it was hard while the place was closed.
When another place was opened, Whitt said that he was interested in walking home and ordering coffee.
'heshore I had to be smelling of that 'he said.
Mrs Square Meal, paralysing food
In March 1933, shortly, after having been President, Mr Delano Roosevelt was eating lunch in his courtyard.
In the case of President Roosevel, President Roosevel was supposed to be excellent foods in Fifth Avenue, such as the feeding patter, and the Maryland farming turtle.
On that day, his diet was more than more than more than more likely: eggs covered by tomatoes, potato and potato demonstration.
'Remoat was an expression of culinary solidarity for the people who suffered 'Mr Ziegel was saying.
His spouse, Andrew Coe, added: 'was also a message for the Americans on how to eat'.
Mr Broekly's Height couple have a history of food.
Coen, Chop Suey, communicated Chinese food in America and Ziegelm reported life through the Lower East Side floor in his book of 97 Orchard.
Their new cooperation, A Mrs Aeal, whose publication Harper publishes Tuesday, has historical American food during the great lifetime of the 1930s.
By showing some solidarity of its own culinary solidarity they will meet the journalist's dinner en Eesenberg's, minor, small-minded lunchtime in the Flatirione region which has been in operation since the 1929 stock exchange.
Ziegelman, 54, you ordered the freshness style olive system, Coeper, 57, took down, potato and vegetarians.
When the supplier committed a beech clause, the couple think it appropriate to discuss the eating of liquidity.
'Murkets were well popular ', Ziegelm said.
It was a groundbreaking crash, a 'surface crèmet'.
They were made of the manoeuvre and some of the cheap ingredients which extended the actual production substance.
Imagine there was so many huge nurseries that they would find themselves in a dinner.
Coee welcomed.
It has certainly felt in the middle of lead, 'he said.
In years before there is a recession on the American table, especially in rural areas, we have had for night-time coming tablets.
Women's groups made food to male farms and the fresh piece was served in a breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent them to food their starving Europeans during the First World War.
'Wooking food became an essential, harassing subject for the Americans, Mr Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write.
Equally distressing was a new, cheaper diet: species of mysteries such as earth species such as elephants and boxes, and the box was mainly fed, and the mighty way of using the feedingstock, mentioned Ziegelmas because it could be less attractive to ingredients underground ingredients.
Recent fruit was replaced with lower dried fruits.
The meat which had been at the heart of the American meals for years became an excessively driven product.
With calories and nutritional concentrations more important than the flavour or even common sense, special considerations were tested on the question of the kitchen.
In carrying out research, it also provides for a book containing prescriptions, Zielgel prepared a periodic period in which those written spoots were met by land.
It was not a popular addition to the dinner table. 'Coe has said'.
Ziegelm said: 'it was not realised'.
There is absolutely no question of those who have been excluded.
This was characterized by many household recipes.
Household experts like Louise Stanley, the head of the federal agency for the federal agency between 1923 and 1943, directed the country more than ever before or after.
The publication recipes and articles in the newspapers and magazines they encourage women to start the 'budget as' and to meet the challenge of transforming them into disciplines such as adjusted spages and carrots.
Squaer Meal is a celebration of historical tasto.
In particular, reports on the government's reactions to hungry citizens like President Hoover please eat the cake.
At a time when he publicly praised his childhood simple, Iwoala for community food, he would carry out meals like the wonderful millionaries that he had become.
She had to fill the continental food such as a fish by tunnel ',' Coe said.
He experienced almost gold within the diet rate.
He was great abroad for everything.
President Roosevic could have made the same mistake unless his wife, Eleanor, would have encouraged him to set an example with his persona.
As the book explains, when Mr Roovevest waged wages waged by an economist who was not interested in taste, the White House became a place which did not only offer the most earlier Washington food, but also the most poorer food.
Many of the paralysid catering houses were rejected as soon as the country reached its feet.
The legacy is the continuing concentration on keeping and nutrition, the Ziegelm said, and in the way that the science is being applied to cooking.
A couple said that in writing the book, they gained a better understanding of the eating holders of Ziegelman's mother, for example in the way in which he was unable to throw out food.
He indeed feared the wasting of food 'Coe said.
Ziegelm remembered: 'he did have sick people'.
There was the wind internal inflation.
After the platforms were empty EISENVER, Mr Coe, he had brought the people they had prepared back home: lumber food which President Roosevel was at lunch.
That is what is being called an organization ', and Mr Ziegelman adds that the general trick was giving the modest prescriptions the name.
There was not just chrasphere in the posterior, just understanding, somewhere, sugar, water and chicken.
Everyone supplied their lightning with unwillingness to the earth, the rural organization.
Perhaps it was not evil.
Mr Coeeca once and others.
I sound the budget from the positive budget he told his wife: 'there could be somewhat lengthy German practitioners'.
Lawyer collections are being replaced by Mr Gilead in the fight against hepation Patent (Mercka)
The US General Agriculture has indicated that Gilea Sciences case Inc has been entitled to receive lawyer costs which were caused against the hepatitis C manufacturer of hepatitis C medicine manufacture Merck Co Co's Inc.
In June, Gilead was released from the 200 million dollar payments, having broken two Merciat patents, relating to the successive medicines in Gilead, Sovalde and Harvinia, when an American judge resisted Merck abuses, including the wrong and other unethical practices.
In a judgment on Thursday, Bett Labson, Justice of the United States US General Labson, said that Gilead is entitled to release the compensatory payments to it by opposition.
Merckworth is trying to catch Gileal, which controls the market with a new hepatitis g) with a generation of medicines which could clearly improve more than 90% of patients with liver disease.
The latter will be dated back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck challenged each other with the active subject of the active substance of medicines in Gilead on the ownership of the laboratory laboratory on the basis of the Sospovir's pharmaceutical substance.
The forces supported by the United States say that they have totally overcome the Manji regime controlled by the Is
The forces supported by the United States have totally overthrown the Turkish border after the city of Northern Manbji, when the last remaining Isis fighters left the town, the representative of the Group of the Group of the European Parliament said on Friday.
The Syrian democratic forces (SDF) are now investigating the city following the last group of combatants hiding to city.
The forces had been released by more than 2 000 circulatory prisoners, who fighters held prisoners, Sharfand Darwish SFF forces, Mr Manbij from the Military Council, to tell Reuters to Reuters.
The city is now entirely under control, but we are beginning to investigate it 'he told Reuters.
Clintons around the dollar amounted to USD 10.755 million in 2015, contributing 34.2% federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton published his announcement for 2015 which showed that the income of the democratical candidate and his spouse in this year was USD 10.75 million and that the tax rate of the federation is 34.2%.
In 2015, Clinton contributed a million dollars to the charitable organizations, primarily Clinton Foundational, the former President Bill Clinton of almost 5.3 million speakers, and the former Minister for Foreign Affairs announced that 3 million would be received from Simon and Schuscher to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Vice-Presidentia candidate of the Clinton Vice-presidential candidate, Senator Timn Virgin, with his wife with Anne Anno, published 10 years' declarations.
Their true federal tax rate in 2015 was 20.3%.
The 'Hillart Clinton and Tim Kaine's standards of economic transparency', the Clinton Campaigner assistant, Mr Jennifer PALMERIER said in his opinion.
The radical contrast is that this Donald Trump is hiding behind a false excuse and withdraw his previous promises of the publication of his tax declarations.
Under the way the presidential candidates in the United States are publishing their tax statements, even if the law does not oblige it.
The Newyerkorki businessman, the Trump lawyers, has appealed to the audit of the tax government to refuse the publication of fiscal declarations.
The Clinton campaigner, Ian Sams, said on Twitter when he published his link to the declarations of the candidates for democratic candidates.
On Thursday Trumpi's special assistant Michael Cohen, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he would not allow Trumpin to publish them before audits were in place.
The Trumps critics, including the presidential candidate Mr Romney and other Republican colleagues from 2012, have said that his refusal to raise his refusal questions about his capital, his charity, his transactions and many other ties in Russia, for example.
Clinton has taken up the problem on Friday a network video which reflects the visible republican people who are calling upon Trumps to publish their taxes.
On Thursday, he raised the problem in his economic adjustment in Michigan.
'Hon him refuses to do whatever every presidential candidate of recent decades publishes: he told the public.
Mr Politico has announced that Trump has not paid any taxation in two in 1990, and on Friday, the New York Times was quoting numerous tax lawyers and accountants who said that the situation could still be the same.
The federal tax rate has become a problem in the presidential elections.
Clinton has supported the appointment of a billionaire in Warre Buftet which would ensure that more than one million dollars per annum would pay at least 30% of taxes.
President Barack Obama also supports the proposal.
At the Clinton Conference at the meeting in Nebasbaki in Omaha last week, Buffet, which has been here in Berkshir Hatawahtah, was challenged by Mr Tumpui to meet and exchange tax declarations.
Mr Buffett said that he is also undergoing an inspection of the tax government and that Trump is not afraid of a 'tax addiction' authority, but electorate.
The Clinton campaign has been publishing tax declarations up until 2007.
Today, the real federation of Clintonic living in New York Chappaqus was about 32 percent between 2007 and 2014, and their real combined tax rate was approximately 40.5%.
The Clinton fiscal declaration from 2015 showed that only USD 109 was recruited for their income, unlike the vast majority of Americans.
Their emissionism was advantageous, an index-linked investment fund, and the Clinton declared $109 thousandt of dividends and interest rates.
Complementary report: Kevin Drabdaug editing in Jonathan OATIS
Chilide conservatives and pages more efficient in the protection of Tanzania.
Nature conservationers in Tanzania use an extraordinary means of preventing elephants from turning into homeless areas - throwing animals with condoms met by Mr Chilir powder.
The means has turned out to be effective, and the inventor of the Honeygia Foundation with the Honeyguid Foundation, together with the US level of Nature Conservancy, has intensified its advertising by training their volunteers in the villages of Northern Tanzania to use the non-volatile four steps in the protection of houses and hundreds without animals being injured.
In the past, many people used the people to protect themselves.
On Friday, there is the world elephant date which is devoted to the protection of animals.
Since we developed... tools, we have seen changes in attitudes in these communities; they are now much more confident that they will be able to keep eliminations in the fields without harming them: the Honeguy Damian Bell said.
The first two steps will include the proofing of the ivory of the pocket bull and the playing off.
If it does not prevent animals, the so-called Chilil pipeline will be threatened.
Condoms will be complied with by the blending of milihip powder and its country, as well as chicken, after which condom is circumvented in such a way that only the indigenous contamination remains visible.
When the condom is blamed, it breaks up and is being lost in Chili plating off the atmosphere.
One single point is generally sufficient to send the island in a different direction.
I should like to tell you that, as a last resort, which is shooting the Romanian candle.
I Re News, Jewish film film film, criticized a Berlin hotel who has removed the Israeli direction under Arab request.
The French, Jewish filmmaker was unleashed after being unleashed in the media, having revealed that the Kempinsky Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list the Israeli director, and that is because of the requests of the Arab communities.
Claudi Lanzmann, a Shoah-documentary film from the Holocaust, Mr Claude Lanzmanz, showed his frustration to the Berlinski Kempinsky in Bristol with an open letter in the German publication.
At the time of its recent nightmare, Mr Lanzmanma has undertook to find a country list offered by the Israeli hotel.
However, the country was not mentioned among the Member States that can be called directly in the hotellectoral lorries.
How can it be that in 2016 in Berlin, the new German capital, Israel has been wiped off?
Lanzmann wrote.
On the contrary, Mrs Bristol offers the opportunity to play Israel via his telephone centre.
In the search for an explanation, the film was raised by the film's reference to hotel.
Lanzmann wrote that the answer which had been received 'shocked him'.
The hotel prescription said that this was a measured decision of the management of the 'Kempinsk hotels'.
The reason behind this decision caused an even greater unfortunation in the film maker.
The majority of our guests are Arabs and they call for the deletion of the Israeli journey ', the worker is told according to Mr Lanzmann.
The Israeli German Ambassador Yakov Handelsman calls the case 'Zuddeuptche Zeiturg'.
We were appalled and shocked by this case.
This is in itself a big mistake.
But an even greater shame is that this was the case in Germany and in this hotel chain.
That does not need explanation.
We are waiting for the hotel to draw the right conclusions, the official said.
This incident brought a considerable response online when people called it into a scandal.
Some people claimed that the Kempinski hotel quite simply gave in to the alleged demands of the Arab customers.
'Thaminating 'was said in another published which pointed out that the magnificent street on the streets of Kurfurstendam was standing closer to the synagogue.
It was the hotel of all itself quickly and referred to as' accuracy 'and' apologized for 'Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reported.
The 'clear organization' should not be included in Israel on the bathing classification, 'Mr Kempinski's representative is reported to us, according to Mrs Suddetti-Zeitung.
That adds up to the fact that the target number has now been added.
The police used tears of toys and rubber-student students against the Brazilian students.
On Thursday, students come together with the police in the Brazilian Sao Paulo city, when students committed to demonstrate against reforms of the Government's public education system.
The police used tears and rubies against the protesters.
The problems started when law entrepreneurs attempted to dismantle the student team, which resulted in the use of rubble and tear gas by the police.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration in order to express their horror about plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of Sao Paool, Governor Paulo Alckmaki, little less than 100 public schools would be closed and 300 000 pupils would be relocated to save money.
Some of those participating in the demonstration were writing to the walls of a transitional President Michel Michel Temer anti-grafficking.
This latest demonstration occurred only days after the demonstrators took one of the plenty of supporting President Dilma Rousseff, President Dilma Rousseff, in order to support the detention in the Senate of the Senate.
Business: trade between Russian-Iranian trade is suddenly increasing by 71%
Since the abolition of sanctions, the turnover of trade between Moscow and Teheran has increased by 70.9% compared with the previous year, the Russian Ambassador in Iran, Mr Dzhagary.
Following the withdrawal of international sanctions against Iran, Russian companies have to a great extent demonstrated their interest in business in the country, the Ambassador said.
Russian companies will continue their existing ties with Iran while new companies are prepared to reach the market.
Commissioner, of course, one of the main objectives of Iran's two-way cooperation is to expand trade, 'Dzhagary'.
He pointed out that, over the first five months of the first five months of the year 2016, trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9% compared with a total of 856 million dollars in the same period in 2015.
Russian exports, in particular, to Iran constituting a total of 91.5 million dollars.
Russia imports from Iran reached 16% to 158 million dollars.
'The market growth was achieved with the supply of machinery, vehicles and weapons', the Ambassador.
Moreover, Mrs Dzagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists to Russia this year.
Last year, Russian foreign representatives in Iran accepted around 35 000 visas for Iranian citizens, mainly on their travel.
It was also the first time that Iran was one of the 20 countries which have the highest number of tourists in Russia.
'The people are safe to say that the record level of Iranian last year's Iranian tourists in Russia will be infringed ', he said.
At the same time, quite few Russians visit Iran, which Ambassador wishes to change.
I personally recommend a visit in the cities of Iazha, Shirizaz and Yazhi, which preserve the monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition.
Scottish Callum Skinter blamed the British magazine against cycling!
Scotland Callum Skinnkin will remember the men in the team of Rio in Rio last night, when the tripartite of the British team defended the championship from London to 2012.
The 23-year-oriented age from Glasgow was an anchor role in which his Scottish colleague, Sir Chris Roy, was renowned, youth was proud of young people when this commercial fight is profitable by the prize for New Zealand.
The United Kingdom took a shock victory four years ago, while how how how how how how how how how hop won the fifth of the six Olympic games.
And they reiterated the modest investment of the six monthly driving champions in March in London, even though they have taken a comparative career since then.
The problem between Beijing and the London Games was replacing the specializator Jamie Staff.
This has been achieved in exactly time when Mr Hindes appeared.
The end of Hoy ended with a vocation, which Kia Emmadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fulfil.
Mr Skinner was a man on whom the British coach companies concentrated on the potential which has now been reconstructed.
The Hindes, Kenny - who won the championship of Hoy four years ago - and Skinner took the time of the Olympic Games, but the New Zealand took the lead in the first round of management.
And the British triangle won twice from gold.
After his own round, Mr Hindes has been hard behind, but Kenny pushes up in the management of the team, and Mr Skinner caught up.
The strategic amendment represents a major part of transformation and it included Mr Hindes at the greater time so that he would slow and allow Kenny, and Mr Skinner in particular, to catch the pace.
Mr hoy following his position as an expert on BBC, drew the attention of Skinner, Kenny and the Hindes to the award race when they take place.
The 23-year-old glaswoglane Skinner said: 'comparison is flattery'.
I am only here to do my best and have a reputation.
We took the Olympic Games in the final and won the world.
That was absolutely unbelievable.
There can be no better way in which to win.
Overcome in London by Kenny and Hindes, in the case of Kenny and Hindes, that it was deliberately collapsed since Start.
He withdrew his comments later on and the British competitors have not complained.
This time, there was no similar problem in terms of profit.
Mr Hindes said: 'seemed to have been in London when there were so many British flags!'.
As a team, we will have found in contact over the last three months.
We have lost so many of the World Cup, so the overcoming of the Olympic Games is quite simply fantastic.
One event, one of the going to the people who won seven of ten cyclical species in both Beijing and London.
If this reflects the evolution of the last five months, there will be a successful five-day cyclical stadium.
On the grounds shown by Mr Kennyn, it is not at all impossible to imagine him being repeating the atornizing of the Hour, overcoming the three-willed Olympics in the Olympic Games.
That would mean Kenny, who is younger younger precisely over 12 years on 23 March (The Holy Day in British sport, which is also birthday by Steve Redggrave, Ms Farah, Mrs Farah, and the birthday of the birthday of Stove Redgervas, Mrs Farah, and the birthday of the birthrop of Steve-Regern Bannister, would rise to six gold and together.
It would be the same as that of Hoyl.
Nenny is now in competition for the next sprints beginning today and lasts three days.
The other 28 year originator from Bolto said: 'now enjoy that one.
Team competition is always the best.
Together, it is overcome with a floor.
For the only thing to be won'ats alone '.
Mr Hindes said: 'if he wins other two gold Members', then the value of the kitchen should be attached to him.
This was the only medal-competition for the day, but there were more good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull were quicker in time for the four lives, the four-kilometre time period.
Their time was 5: 51.
The world record over the gold in London is 3: 51 659.
The first round and the final Chamber (22.42) will take place today, the second day of competition, when Wiggins will certainly be the focus of attention.
He had a dispute with the judges yesterday before the periodic times when the officials called him in length.
Similar competition for women is continuing and will come to an end tomorrow, Mrs Laura Trott, Joanna Trott, Mr Elinor Barker and Mrs Archibald, Mrs Archibald, at global level: 4: 13 260.
The British team has learned to trust that its wonderful cycling team takes over the centre of the Olympic Games and achieve a whole series of medals.
After proposing very exceptional and complete management in Beijing and London, there have been unforeseen expectations before the Rio committees.
The background has been the drama, the minor of which has not been the difference between the technical leader, Shane Sutton, in April because of sexism and temporary charges such as Hoyn and Victoria Pendlone, the competition.
However, based on the competitions of the first evening, it seems that the UK's now legendary reputation is rising at perfect current times, once again.
Smooth future of Portland questionable because of a reduction in the Electric Convention
Portlandland Victoria's aluminium shelter and the jobs of hundreds of workers will be uncertain when the electricity company revealed that one of the owners of that factory is decided by the distribution agreement, so there will be a cut in all distribution agreements.
The measure follows the decision taken earlier this year by the Victorian administration that the subsidies required for the operation of the factories will not be extended.
The period of 20 years will come to an end in November.
Up to 2 000 jobs can be at risk at Alcoan Portland.
Up to 2 000 jobs can be undermined, directly or indirectly, with the closure of the plant.
In addition, the snow effect can be possible, because around 10% of the total electricity production in Victoria is used.
In 2014 Ancoa closed Point Penry closure led to the closure of the Angleslea power station last year.
Alcoa Portnalli is losing money and is under threats of closure.
This measure will follow several years of speculation on the future of the plant, which set as a result of the strong Australian dollar and has recently resulted from the price of factory production.
The AGL, which is distributing electricity to Loyy Yang A4 vessels living with a large aluminium mineral smell in Latrob Valley, said that it is also expecting the other three owners to decide the Treaty.
Most of the factories are devoted to Alcoan-Alumentary Association and Chinese CITIC and Japanese Corp contributions.
The American expectation is to continue the activities of the Portland factory, which means that the physical electricity-group of electricity immediately will continue.
According to the AGL agreements are the so-called 'protection agreements' which should enter into force in November 2016.
These agreements have 12 months of redundancy periods, so they will end in effect in 2017.
That is why AGL is looking forward to the productive result of the Treaties by the final year 2017, the electricity company said.
Every possible effect on results for the AGM for 2018 is currently limited to the strong prospects of the wholesale futures market for electricity.
The AGL said that it had already expired by reducing the value of agreements in its accounting by 187 million dollars.
Alcoa said that the decision to stop agreements would not affect Alcoan... on the ability to smuggle into operation or safeguard inherited electricity.
The American company said that it was the first agreement with Loy Yang in 2010 and that the agreement had to come into force in November this year, but it has not yet explained why the agreement was withdrawing.
The analysts have been vigorous and the immeasurable Portland in Victoria, but also because of the possible closure of the Newcaste plant in Tomago because of the poor economic situation in this sector.
Earlier the AAG Executive Mr Stephen Mikkelsen said to analysts that Mr Porland each year uses approximately 600 megawatts electricity and around 900 megawatts from Tomago.
If both factories were depreciated from the market, this is an important reduction in the demand for market electricity.
That is not a good thing for us as electrician producer, he said.
KENDALL, not just the Cardashien Treaty TV is being carried out in September's case.
Kendall Jenner, 20, model, the fourth mother of Kris Kardashiashi Jenner clan, is the United States' Vogue's' Vogue 'within September's desire.
Mr Kendall, the brand ambassador of the branch of the body of Mrs Lauder and the workable weeks of Mr Milan, Paris and New York, stated the news for his Intagram account on Thursday.
'This looking to that position in a room which is full of loved people, led me to 'be written by Mr Kendarl.
The declaration was followed by opinions (or perhaps only the Cardashian system), in which the whole of Kardashian-Jänner's entire Kardash-Jenner clans - which were excluded from everyone's favourite concentrations - the Keeping Upi producer, Ryan Seacrist, forgotten the sisters' population but ended up in a classical reversal.
We are talking about the cliché perpetuation of almost a birthday on the television line of all children, so that you did not think that we should forget you with the credibility of the morning and the credibility of the morning, but the Kriss had to have his other girl benefiting from this public.
This is because we have surely returned to the Cardanian era because of the September Vogue.
The Kendall majority Kim perhaps brought Mr Vogue's action first when he did his man with Mr Kaneye West in April 2014, but the number of September in September is totally own.
The September of the country in September is the whole of the year's seller pressure.
This thread resembles more of the coffee protocols than fashion protocols and the number attracts an enormous number of advertisers (Fashiori) that 615 of the 832-page last year was advertising.
Its domestic uncertainty is expected so fiercely that the pictures of the last two years have leaked before the official publication.
Previous women have been carried out by Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelist and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there has indeed been more 'public interests' like 'models which are in public domains'.
The Oscar vice-vigoret and Diori Ambassador Jennifer Lawrence were around in 2013 a year after the honour of the Lady Gaga Parliament.
But if it turns out that Mr Jenner referring to the success of its generations, then he would be quite in good company.
These publications are not family relatives or realistic perpetrators or young people who know how to do what Mr Snapcat is - although Jenner is all the same.
They are rightly women who are successful in the entertainment industry.
Last year's parliamentary model Moon Beyonce with the publication of the Lemonade publication has been one of the strongest years of his career.
Not everyone is pleased with the success of Mr Jenner.
His real history of Mr Jenner will always be present in the fashion world.
In June the original Victoria's Secret model, St-Phenia Seymour, criticized Jenner and this colleague, Gigi Hadid, invited them to be undermined.
This knowledge reached the surface again by the people of Mr Jenner Vogue.
But the revolution in discontent is inappropriate.
Mr Jenner is at the time of the Vogue number.
He is a supermarket in the cleanest sense of the term.
He is a model to Mr Jacobs.
He would sell you himself a make-up called Lauder.
He and all his sisters sell the images of you themselves in their own applications.
He sells the images of the daughters of Cindy Crawford who took the LOVE '.
And at the leisure time, perhaps only in order to see Mr Kourtyye and this children, he is a true television start.
Community legal centres each reverse 160 000 people each year.
More than 160, 000 people's most vulnerable are turned away annually from Community legal centres when the sector prepares for the effects of further financing cuts already taking place on extreme limits.
In Queensland, three of the five human beings - mainly elderly, immigrants, vulnerable victims of violence, those who have no chance of combating unfair enclaves and similar opportunities - when they are looking for legal advice and representation.
Legal services which have already been extended by the Community are preparing for further cuts.
In June of next year, these legal centres should lose 30% of their funding.
James Farrell, the leader of Community legal centres in the Queensland Centre, said that the latest National Association of the Community Begal Centres report shows that thousands of people are already being turned off every year.
Mr Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government is not withdrawn, the situation will only get worse.
Question Community law centres are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are being turned every year away from the essential services.
People who leave the violent relations with uncontrollable and degrading families, families which are unfairly separated and unfairly separated - all of these people have legal problems and this report shows that they do not receive the assistance they need.
The federal government is cutting funding by 30% in June 2017, which means that the thousands of vulnerable Queensland will have to navigate in the midst of complex legal problems without help.
We appeal to the Minister for Justice and to the Senator George Brandis for them to immediately withdraw these financial cuts so that people can get the assistance they need in their legal problems.
Last year, the state government fulfilled its promise to increase funding for legal aid to the level of the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of the Community Legal Centre and their customer communities, and the Palaszkis Government must locate this important work.
The Donald Trump campaign was challenged after the worker was claimed to be under threat
The New York: the Donald Trump campaign was challenged to justify the fact that they have not done anything after they were told that the head of the North Carolina activities threatened workers in February when they took in Jeeps.
The intermediate was described by the former software trainee in the case of the former software trainee in the case of Vintence Bordin on Wednesday in Charlotte before the Court of Justice.
Mr Bordini said that he waited for months that the situation would be dealt with internally before recognizing that 'that would not take place'.
Earl Phillip's raison point, Earl Phillip, established the right form of formality and pushed it in the equivocation of the Vincent line ', Mr Bordini said in complaints.
Following the regrettable local and regional campaign government, Mr Bording heard that at least four other people had similar experience with Mr Phillip.
Weapons do not need to be launched to cause damage ', Mr Bordini said in complaint.
The challenge will be just two days when the presidential candidate of the Republicans caused indignation when he tells the general public in North Carolina that 'the people who generally recognize the owners of weapons and arms - could take action if their competitor, Hillary Clinton, would have to choose judges'.
The Trumpt campaign said that the media have taken his words out of the context and that he does not support violence.
The challenge of Bordiu is to seek compensation from the campaign for negligent controls and the violence, mistreatment and emotional acts of Phillips.
Mr Houpe Hick did not answer the request for request immediately.
The attempt to reach Phillip failed.
The CWCB, the local news company in Charlote, reported to Mr Phillip for the recent campaign.
An immediate response to the request submitted to his consultant company Consulting Services was immediately responsible.
The presidential candidate of the Republican Representative, Donald Trumpi, has been controversial.
Legal case is Mr Bordini Trump for President Inc... 16-1430, General Court Justice, Superion Court Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division Division-Charlotte.
Britain must channel the lives of the Olympics and see Heathrow
Heathrow imports recovery and flourish throughout the country, not just local communities and all over London.
I think that was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was at the cheating of the London 2012 Games when we saw enormous efforts to ensure that all our people and regions would benefit from the rates.
The Olympics have brought enormous benefits for Stratford and East Endi.
We are doing so again by creating opportunities for local people and for businesses in the vicinity of Heathrow.
Local communities alone create 10 000 new traineeships and 40 000 new jobs and remove youth unemployment around airports.
As was the case in London before 2012, some will be thought that the challenge for the enlargement of Heathrow is too great.
I am told that Britain would never be ready for the Games, and that we are shameful for the world.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they were mistaken as far as Heathrow is concerned.
There must always be overspending but Heathor responds to any question that is being put to it.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is also an infrastructure project for many, not few.
Enlargement is the possibility of creating up to 180 million new jobs and GBP 211 billion in economic growth, leaving the legacy of skills and employment both around the airports and Great Britain.
We have a powerful team in Heathrow, which has implemented the GBP 11 billion infrastructure programme on time and the budget for the programme of infrastructure programme in the budget: the European Parliament, which has been voted through the world's best airport tenmer in five years between the two of the two urgent recognitions of the world and between the two urgent recommendations of the world.
The team is now prepared to undertake a third rate, which supports private money supported by 16 M. 17.5.
The Olympic Games in London in 2012 were a great success for the Isole British, and I am convinced that the enlargement of Heathrow too.
It is time that we channelled the spirit of the Olympics and broadens the Heathrow, to ensure the future of our trade and to create a heritage of skills and employment which Britain can be proud of.
Mr Deighton is the chairman of Heathrow Board and a commercial secretary of the former Ministry of Finance.
The Adblock Pac Facebook cat and mouse in the game of prevention of advertising
Businesses which receive money from online advertising can be bypassed by companies preventing advertisements being prevented by a 'cat-friendly playing field', they said one of the companies manufacturing this kind of programme.
On Thursday, only two days after Facebook announced that it would prevent advertising blockades in computer sites, AdlbockP published bloggers saying that users can update the filters of the programme to prevent advertisements once again on the sidelines of the social network.
On Tuesday Mr Facebook said that its website codes were to be exchanged around advertisements to make it harder for advertisers to discover which parts are advertising.
But now Mr Adlock says that it has evaded a new code.
In bloggization, the representative of Adbock, Mr Ben Williams, wrote that this type of struggle between the Community and its circulators was under way since the prevention of advertisements was invented, and that it is possible for Facebook to come up with his own solution soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has been involved in this battle is a strong indication of how much the blockades of advertising have become for industry.
Approximately 200 million of the prevention of advertising worldwide will be informed of last year's Pagegair in Adobe research, and this is almost four times the amount which used those programmes in 2013.
1.03 million active daily users use Faceoce-modified mobile boxes, and mobile advertising currently covers 84% of the Facebook advertising revenues.
However, the company is computerized by computer pages, because the mobile blockades did not operate in the Facebook mobile application to the social network or Instrag.
Computer advertising is still bringing enough income so that Mr Facebook considered the investment of this kind of action worthy of investment.
On Tuesday Mr Facebook also said that it would update the 'advertising touries' to give people more power over how advertisements are allocated to them.
On Thursday Mr Facebook claimed that the new Adlblock filters were worrying because they would also prevent part of the site from being advertised.
This is not a good experience for people and we have our plans to address the problem '.' Facebook said in an electronic mail.
The prevention of advertisements is tools which, instead, have been concentrated on the construction of tools like Ad Preference which give control to the people.
A woman remained under car below the Swiss motorway apparently because of suicide.
The victim was motorway in the middle of the night.
The police are seeking witnesses since women were left on several transport vehicles under the early hours of Thursday, which was apparently suicide.
The incident took place in the A1 close to Morges in the Vaudi continent after midnight on Thursday.
The woman did the act of despair and participated in the dark in which he hit a number of vehicles, the Vaudi police said in the opinion.
The victim who clearly attempted to kill itself was the Swiss woman of 49 years old, including a variety of vehicles, including a lorry.
He died at the site.
Several occasional drivers have already been interrogated but not all of them have been identified, informed the police who appeals them and all witnesses who have witnessed an incident to register.
Criminal investigation has been initiated, which is' logical 'in this kind of situation, lawyer Gilles Killes Hofster told Le Tribune de Geneva.
'The will see whether anyone is prosecuting the drivers' prosecution.
Was it possible to avoid a shock?
It remains to be decided by Mr Hofstetster.
The two similar instances of the last five years indicate that drivers are not receiving responsibility.
In both cases - a person who had a person on the black motorway - estimated that drivers cannot expect a pedestrian in the middle of the motorway, in the press.
Last year, the police were released for proceedings resulting from accusations of charges after her failure to comply with the Charges after her failure to prosecute and have killed the man following Paynernet at the stage of Paynernet one night in August 2014.
The victim of 22 years of 22 has been brought back to the Court of Justice.
The Court stated that the police, who were forced to respond to emergency emergency, were justified and that the presence of a man was' an entirely exceptional and unprecedented situation ', the judge said.
Everyone with information nearer to the case of Thursday should be told the police number, 021 643 46 44 44 44 44.
On the climate of NASA: Venus was once a habitat
The new NAS new climate model is estimated that Venus was probably inhabited.
The scientists in the NASA Goddarte Institute for Space Studies developed to investigate the past of Venus using tools and algoriths which are similar with climate researchers.
The model was planned to find out whether there could be land-based conditions in the course of Venus, with the surfaces surrounding the waters and the fulfilment of carbon dioxide, sometimes in the atmosphere.
Scientists have suggested in the past that the slow rolling speed of Venus explains its thick atmosphere.
But the latest simulation points to the fact that the Venus could have been the beauty, land in the atmosphere, and yet you could have rounded slowly.
The model also examined the early yearning of Venuzine.
The planetary was probably the greater regions of the country, but once there was enough geographical variations for possible life and protection from rapid water.
It was also the interest of early Venus that was 30 per cent birthday by sun.
The 'GISS model' in the simulation of Venus reveals its date for the sunshine for almost eight months', the GiSS receiver Anthony Del Genio explained at the news statement.
This heated the surface and produces rain which creates the fall in clouds that operate as if the umbrella is the protection of the surface in the majority of the sun.
The average temperatures of the climate are, in fact, cooler than the current level of the climate.
The model produced a stage in the development of Venus, which is the same as the planetary researchers in the past had assumed.
Even if Venus was sometimes living, it was exposed to excessive thermal and ultraviol lights over several billion years.
The oceans were vanished and the waters burned by its oceans in the ultraviolet light lighting.
When it fled the hydrogen, only the deadly greenhouse gas enterprise - Venus - which we are familiar with is the deadly greenhouse effect - with the killing of the greenhouse gas phones.
Researchers shared the results of the new Venus climate model in the publication of the Geophyscharch Letters.
Patrick Roy withdraws the petrol of the Avalanchen trainee
Mr Roy relonded on Thursday Mr Colodaroda Avalanche's remit and the Vice-President of the Hockey Vice-President as a reason for the lack of influence in the decision-making process.
The Colorado deputy director / Director General Joe Sacic confirmed knowledge and said that the team will start to find a new premier immediately.
'Tomenied in the last three years I have done my responsibility as the Vice-President of Colorado Avalanche, with enthusiasm and main mentality, with passion and determination ', 50-year-old Roys said in the opinion.
I have thought long and hard over the summer how I could improve this team to give it the depth it needs and to take it to a higher level.
For this to be achieved, the view of the trainers and the Chief Health Deputy Director General should be completely in line with the vision of the organisation.
He must also have the opportunity to influence the decisions which affect the team's performance.
Those conditions are not being implemented at the moment.
Mr Sakic, who wages salary on 23 May 2013, thanked Mr Royt for his contribution to this team.
'Patrick told me his decision ',' Sakit said.
We appreciate all that he has done on the organization, and we wish him the best of luck in the future.
A league was appointed by the best preparer Jack Adam Award in the first Avalanche prize during 2013-14.
She was leading to 112 points and the victory of the Central Division, but Minnesones were duplicated in the first round of Colodra's fall in the last two years.
In the period of Avalanche, between 2015 and 16: 39 winners, 39, 39, loss and level games lost five with Mr Wild losing the wild card position of the Western Conference.
The Hall of Fameen elected Gigadine Roy won four Stanleel Cup - two both in Montreal Canadien and Mr Avalanche.
Oil workers in the North Sea continue negotiations and suspend strikes
The employment struggles by the oil workers in the North Sea are postponed when all the disputed parties sit down for a new round of negotiations, the negotiators were saying.
The strikes against the oil services company Wood Group have occasionally been organized on the platforms led by the Royal Dutch Shell.
'Wor Good Group, as well as Unite and RMT associations, can confirm that we have agreed to re-establish a process with a view to resolving the current dispute ', the joint statement read.
In the next few weeks, we will hold a number of meetings of the whole of days early next week in order to take a fresh view of the problems.
Trade unions suggest that their recent industrial actions, which they say in more than 25 years, were objecting to possible up to 30% cuts.
This year, the Wood Group cut contractors from the North Sea contractors by around 9% because of the negative pressure of the market.
The company's premium reduction will follow the 10% reduction of the contracting contracters in those countries from 2014.
The company said that further cuts would give the company the necessary room for market downturns to cope with.
Shell, on the other hand, has reduced thousands of people in remuneration and has announced their plans to introduce oil and gas services for up to 10 countries when companies will reduce their subsistence fuse with the British Energy Company Group following its activities.
Energy companies have under pressure because of lower crude prices, and this economic situation is exacerbated by the British decision to leave the European Union.
The Scottish Parliament, Mr Dave Anderson, met with federal leaders earlier this week to discuss one-generating North Sea holders.
He said that the North Sea was fundamental to the economy of the region.
'We need an economy which operates for many, not just a very few, both in the North Sea and the whole country '.
For the North Sea it is expected to invest less than $1.4 billion in new projects in the North Sea, whereas the previous five-year average has been about USD 7 billion.
Mr Kepler measured the speed of the performance of the Pleidat components:
The most recent task of the Kepler response has helped astronomiers to collect the most perfect list of stars of speeds of the Plejaed Star Oblast.
The new information will help the astronomizators to understand why the stars of astronomizators are revoked by varying speeds and how circuits relate to the formation of the planet.
We hope that by comparing our results in other astronomical forces, we are now learning from the relationship between the mass, its age and even Mrs Luisa Rebull, a researcher in the Centre for Pasadan Pasakan Centre, said the press report
The Pleitadient assards have been located 445 light years away from Mr Maasta.
A large number of stars have been reached about 125 million years ago, and adults are right now.
They are now revolved at their cultural level.
A large number of astronomical quantities are plunging these marginal slopes of adulthood.
When these winds are starially through the magnetic elements, they are holding the stars.
When starters are getting old, it is beginning to slow down.
The Kepler measures each individual's road participation by monitoring the appearance of identifying stallers, such as solar blacks.
The latest star list of road speeds refers to the fact that more massive starspersons reverse more slower than the less massive stars.
To Rebull understands the issue of dancers, the majorities of which make the determinators more slowly than small.
'Fleas' in the 'ballot' can see that the slower rivers tend to be more magnificent, whereas the fastest rollers are light-torn 'Reul'.
Because there is so close to the Pleidadian cell, this is the ideal cosmic of the laboratory in order to evaluate the properties of the laboratory with the speed.
The plaintiffs of the Pleish stars offer the theoretical models involved in removing the theoretical models of those who involve both directions, the younger and the parents, Mr Rebull.
We still have many lessons to be learned from the way in which we slow the speed of the reorganization by the stars and, so to speak, 'the beginnings of their' Tand '.
Rebull and his colleagues described their most recent analysis of the Pleedjad Republican speed in three articles, which will soon be published in the publication of the Astronicamol Journal.
