A 28-year-old cook found dead at a San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in a supermarket staircase this weekend.
But the brother of the victim says that he can not imagine anyone who would want to harm his brother, saying that: "His life finally began to improve."
An ounce found Wednesday at the Westfield Supermarket was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frankie Galicia, a spokeswoman for the San Francisco Forensic Medicine Office.
The San Francisco police said his death was considered a murder and an investigation is under way.
The victim's brother Luis Galicia tells the San Francisco Broadcasting Corporation ABC KGO that Frank had previously worked as a chef in Boston, but six months ago he was at his dream job at the Sons & Daughters San Francisco restaurant.
The representative of the restaurant "Sons & Daughters" said that the news about his death shocked them and shocked them.
"We are a small team that works as a cohesive family and we will miss him very well," said the spokesman.
In this difficult time, we are thinking along with Frank's friends and family.
Luis Galicia tells us that at the beginning Frank had been staying in hostels, but lately, his life had improved.
"He got into a new apartment and met with a girl," Luis tells the KGO radio station.
Luis Galicia says she does not know who would want to hurt her younger brother.
He was a good person with a wide heart.
"He always pampered his family by preparing a delicious meal and preparing lunch," said Luis Galicia
He never wanted to enter into disputes.
He was the brother who adapted to the rest.
"Given everything that went wrong in the world, he was like a rough diamond that sparkled brightly every day," he says.
Anyone who has information about the incident is asked to call the SFPD Information Phone at 415-575-4444.
The strike of young doctors: calls for new protests
Representatives of young doctors are demanding their trade unions to start protests in the dispute over the new treaty.
The New Medical Committee of the British Medical Association (LMA) is about to request a council to support wider protests in early September.
JAK believes that the ministers failed to dispel the doubts about the contract.
In July, young doctors and medical students rejected the contract proposed by the LMA.
The contract was voted out by 58% of all members who took part in the vote.
Elijah Makkort, a member of the JAK Council Thursday, said that the government is still silent on this issue, and therefore the contract proposal has been rejected.
She said: "Taking this into account, the JAK's vote resulted in the contract proposal completely rejected and a decision was made to request a new formal discussion to discuss the most important issues."
In response to government silence, JAK officially requested a meeting with the LMA Council today to authorize the development of new contracts that will come into force in September.
As a result of the dispute, the new doctors participated in six strikes, including the first termination of the NHS history.
After the vote, which rejected the contractual terms proposed by the LMA, recommended by BMA, Dr. Johan Malawana, a representative of the new doctors of the Latvian Academy of Sciences, resigned.
Before meeting with 54,000 young doctors and medical students, he told BMA members that the offer was good and would be accepted.
After the vote, health secretary Jeremy Hunt informed that the contract would be concluded with English physicians.
Russia and Turkey: Return to Alliance?
The zest that ended the crisis.
Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday to scribble and announce the end of the eight-month term and economic sanctions.
However, Vladimir Putin, greeting the Turkish leader in the St. Petersburg Palace, had the impression that the partnership was most needed for Ankara.
However, both shook.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked stylish and did not cause warm emotions, even taking into account his usual abstinence.
By contrast, Tajik Erdogan recalled Putin as his "dear friend" at least five times, reports the meeting.
I miss the number.
He also promised that relations with Russia will not only improve to pre-crisis levels, but will become even stronger.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdogan was acting as if nothing had happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm gives rise to contradictory feelings.
However, the coolness of Putin's show shows that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
The first thing he mentioned in his speech was the Russian plane being shot down on the Syrian border.
At that time Moscow responded sharply.
Putin accused Ankara of having put his dag on Moscow's back.
The breakup was even more painful, given that it came from a friend's side.
Restoration of true trust will be very difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Since November, Russia's public position has changed.
For several months, government-controlled television broadcast violent assassinations against Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that the Turks were to blame for everything.
The most serious were the allegations that the Erdogan family itself gained profits from illicit oil trade with the Islamic State controlled Syrian section.
He himself, of course, denied it.
But the main message of the St. Petersburg meeting is that it's time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting was only due to the fact that Putin received an apology from President Erdogan.
Russia could perceive it as a kind of victory.
The benefits of Ankara to reconciliation are obvious.
First of all, Erdogan needs all the potential friends after the failed coup last month, when he tried to overthrow him.
Also, countless terrorist attacks have shaken his positions.
There are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have caused massive losses, in particular the ban on charter flights, which, as a rule, provides an influx of several million Russian tourists to Turkish resorts every year.
The number of tourists dropped by almost 90%.
Russian tour operators and charter companies will also be eased when scheduled flights are restored.
They are hoping for a fever holiday in the Mediterranean Sea in the end of the season.
Already this week, the state TV estimates the decline in fruit and vegetable prices, as imports of Turkish fruit and vegetables will be restored.
As quoted by the local newspaper Vedemosti: "Tourists to them, tomatoes to us."
But there were other political motives from Moscow as well.
Ankara is angry with the West, in their view, a weak response to the coup attempt.
One can also look at the dissatisfaction with the lengthy talks on joining the EU and Putin's intervention, who is keen to use the situation of Turkey's alienation from the West.
The Russian leader undoubtedly gained additional points in Ankara's eyes, expressing support for his elected government after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind that Moscow understands it well, since it is itself a deep-rooted fear of regime change in the country.
The summit held in this magnificent seaside palace gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present, as it was called by an analyst, a "marginalized alliance," two states that feel marginalized from the West, unite forces.
However, despite the publicly demonstrated unity, there are still significant differences of opinion between the two countries.
The main controversy concerns Syria, where Russia presents itself as a peace bearer, but in fact Russia and Turkey are supporting the opposing sides.
After more than three hours of initial talks, unwilling to disclose information, both presidents said at a press conference that they had not discussed the matter.
The Turkish president deliberately avoided questions about the disagreement between the two countries, while President Putin wanted to highlight them.
There is no clear consensus on how both countries could find a common language on the Syrian issue.
But after months of hateful relations and potential disasters when a NATO member of Turkey crippled Russia's combat aircraft, the situation has improved, since both leaders have at least resumed talks.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
SKB will continue to be a supporter of the brand, announced the bank's chief executive officer.
Outside Scotland SKB will no longer be available.
Ross Makeway tells the BBC channel in Scotland that SKB brand was associated with the bank's ambitions on a global scale.
It has abandoned these ambitions, because eight years ago, the bank was almost bankrupt and needed financial assistance.
Meanwhile, the branding strategy experts have used the SKB brand to protect other consumer financial brands.
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports sponsors, from the Six Nations Rugby and ending with Wimbledon Tennis Champion Andy Murey.
But now it is decided to put other national brands at the forefront.
Scottish Banana will be available to Scottish customers, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales all SKB references, outside the headquarters and official stock exchange, will be renamed NatWest.
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are already using The Ulster Bank brand.
Smaller private financial brands like Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank will also be featured today.
Makeevan was interviewed during a trip with clients and staff through Invernesshire.
He told BBC Scotland Channel: "SKB will become our brand of investors and our employees work, because now we are becoming more than a branded bank."
Over time, the bank itself became a global brand and SKB became a global brand.
Now, I say that we no longer have a global ambition, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique in their industry and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
SKB has already announced that it will not continue sponsoring the "Six Nations" and will involve various brands in sports sponsorship.
"It's time to become a brand-name bank, because we have long been asking ourselves how to become a better bank for our customers?" Says the CEO.
Three years ago, it would have been very cynical if we announced that we would become a great bank for our customers and develop these brands.
But thanks to hard work and focusing on the needs of our customers and not on our own needs, we obviously have made great changes.
Again, we can revive these brands, so I think it's the right time now.
Franck Detory wins the 3000th win, winning first place in the New Brink of Horses Predilection
Detori redefines champagne, winning its 3000th victory twice in the first race at New Brock.
On Friday, Frankie Detroit jockey won his 3000th victory in British history, gaining first place in Newmarket.
He achieved this by winning second victory at this race in his hometown, with Predilection trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who has achieved such results in a horse-racing race.
He has joined Seram Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Leicester Pigot, Pitt Eddy and William Carson.
The three-time champion Detroit jockey, who had previously won the horse Ghayyar, said: "This is something special."
I'm very moved because my family is here.
I am very glad that this happened in Newmarket, because here I have been living here for 30 years.
This is not a big race, this is not Royal Ascot, but a common Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I feel relaxed and very grateful.
After winning Detor and Predilection, you will be welcomed with applause and rejoicing.
Two jockeys have reached this highscore race - champion Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Antony McCoy, who has set several times in his career, winning more than 4,300 wins.
Lester Pigots, a nine-time derby winner, won 4493 wins in his career.
Frankie is one of the best in today's jockeys and it's no surprise that he has succeeded, which only a few can achieve.
He is stylish and powerful, but his tactical feeling makes him different from other jockeys.
He is a fantastic racer, attracts fans of this sport for years of enthusiasm and charisma.
A few weeks ago, in the Epsom Race, I told Frankie that he would have won 6,000 wins if he did not take part in only the weekends and big races.
But talking seriously, it's a real pleasure that Frankie has been consistently winning the United Kingdom for 30 years.
He is lively, which is great for the British race, and he is an outstanding jockey.
Frank Detroe marked this achievement with his own brand name - flying down.
From wind speeds to flying downhill, Frankie Detor has been a British horse racer for twenty years now.
This has been a complete adventure journey.
He has won countless big races, including the famous 1996 "Great Seventh" Ascot, also suffered an airplane crash and disqualification for the use of preparations.
Three years ago, it was difficult for him to return after six months of disqualification, but he showed his character by challenging those who questioned him, returning to his best shape.
And he could take part in the race for some time - Detori has previously said that he would be happy to continue participating in the race for at least 50 years of age.
Russian President Putin dismisses Sergey Ivanov, the head of the administration
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed Sergei Ivanov, the head of the administration.
For many years Ivanov has been among Putin's closest people.
Currently, a 63-year-old politician has been appointed special representative for nature and transport.
The Kremlin's statement says that Putin "has decided to release Ivanov from the duties of the head of the Russian presidential administration" without any reason.
Ivanov replaced Anton Vaino, who was his deputy since 2012.
A 44-year-old Vaino is a diplomat who has escaped.
Vaino was born in 1972 in the capital of Estonia in Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MVSAI) and later worked at the Tokyo Embassy.
According to the Kremlin website (in Russian), he later headed the presidential minutes and the administration of government employees.
After his appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
In my opinion, the main task of the administration is to support your work as state presidential governor, developing laws and controlling the implementation of your decisions.
Putin told a Russian radio company on Friday that Ivanov himself wanted to leave the post and recommended Vaino as his alternate.
Does the smile persuade?
This step has puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov is old and close to Vladimir Putin's ally and, like Putin, once worked for the Soviet Security Service of the KGB.
In this position, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
At the national television broadcast, both men announced that Ivanov resigned on his own initiative.
But despite the smiles directed at the cameras, it is rare that such an explanation is convincing, especially before the parliamentary elections.
Is this the outcome of the struggle for power?
Nobody knows.
But the official statement that a man who was considered a possible president suddenly wanted to become a Russian environmental politician is perceived with great skepticism.
Ivanov tells Putin, "It's a fact that at the beginning of 2012, I ask you to entrust me with this difficult position, perhaps even a problematic post, for four years, in the notes published on the Kremlin website.
It turns out that I have been in this post for four years and eight months.
Ivanov joined the post in December 2011.
He previously served as prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and former employee of the KGB National Security Service, like Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Putin led the Federal Security Service, the successor to the SSC, and Ivanov took the post of his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov among the five people he trusted most.
At the end of Putin's second term, Ivanov was considered a potential candidate for the Russian presidency, since Putin's re-election for the third term would be anti-constitutional.
But then, another close relative of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev, became president.
Putin became prime minister, and after three and a half years he returned to office.
Lovely fish appearing in a garden in Banff
A man from Banff is asking for help to find out what kinds of fish appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bein thinks 75 fish might be sand eels who retired to the water table.
Mr. Bein, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, made a public video on Periscope's Fish Videos website, hoping that someone might know how these 5 centimeters of fish came into his garden.
Quincy crossing: Bridge is now connected to Faif.
The project worth 1,35 billion pounds is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
The engineers have connected the northern part of the Quincyfire junction and the viaduct, which means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
The first of the four connecting parts is completed, which means the bridge is nearing completion.
The Fife bridge is 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 metric tons.
It consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel, 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 supporting cables.
It is planned to finish the project worth 1.35 billion pounds in May 2017.
Economic secretary Keith Brown today arrived at the construction site and was one of the first to climb the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historic moment in the construction of the Quincyfier Bridge."
In this project, we see an unparalleled engineering solution, where only more than 30,000 tons of cement and steel were used in the construction of this part.
Despite the huge weight and size of the bridge, connecting the bridge and viaduct is an extremely delicate process requiring tremendous accuracy.
In total, more than 79% of the bridge deck has already been built and the final stage, which will bridge the bridge with Rositu will be laid today, which means that all parts of the bridge are ready to be laid.
Michael Martins, Project Designer for the Fourth Bridge, says: "The first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
In this fantastic project, the first connection demonstrates high-end engineering.
Following the installation of the last section of the road and its connection with the support of the Northern Tower, we were left to connect the northern section of the road with the ground part or the viaduct.
This was done by shaking the 700-millimeter southwest of the north-west viaduct.
It was a huge and very delicate operation at the same time.
Huge, because the viaduct is 222 meters tall, weighing about 6000 tons and had to slip on a slope of about 3%.
Delicate, since the tolerance in both directions worked by the team was only a few millimeters.
Fortunately, everything went well.
Simona Billsa gets golden gymnastics for women.
Forget the tension.
Forget the trouble.
Simon Bails does not disturb everything.
Dynamic jumps.
Effortlessly perform exercises on a log.
Unbeatable on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally, the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, a 19-year-old American gymnast won the gold medal, fully demonstrating the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the Olympic scene.
Her overall score of 62,198 was superior to the result of the silver medal winner and her teammate Alice Raisman and the result of the bronze medalist winner of the Russian sportsman Alyssa Mustafin.
On Thursday, a US sportsman, Simon Bills, was taking an exercise at the Individual Women's Multi-Final Women's Equestrian Gymnastics Summit in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bill became the fourth American in a row to win the title of multi-league champion and fifth best gymnast, gradually strengthening his reputation as the best of his generation's gymnast and possibly the best gymnasts in history.
When the final result was announced, she broke into tears, because the long road to this moment was over.
This accomplishments rank him next to unrivaled athletes like Michael Felps, who raised his sport to another level.
Bails has dominated his sport for the last three years, winning 15 medals in world championships, including 10 gold medals, performing such excellent, precise and ambitious combinations that the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lu Reetone, described him as "the best gymnaster she ever saw."
In Brazil, she was in the final test, where she was largely expected to meet the expectations of her, not with other sportsmen.
She would be disappointed if she returned to her home in Spring, Texas without gold medals.
United States Athletics Simon Bills (left) and Alia Raismane are enraged by their respective gold and silver medal at the Individual Women's Multi-Final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place on Thursday.
Bilesa won the first gold medal on Tuesday, making the special farewell coach Martha Karolie a farewell party.
Although Bill says that on his long journey to the peaks of glory did not expect anything, it is not true.
Part of her performance in free movements, featuring her special acrobatic passage, accompanies Latin music, which would fit perfectly into the street next to the Rio Olympics arena.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl adopted by her grandparents when she was still a baby and discovered by the coach Eimie Burman's mother on an excursion to the gym where the Burmese brothers took place, has now become a force to be reckoned with.
She has not lost in multi-league competitions since the summer of 2013 and the victory series can continue as long as Bill wants it.
Although Mustafin was slightly led by two rotations, it was just an illusion.
The balance beam and the free movement - the part of the race where Bailsa will defend their championship title is still ahead.
She came forward with a result of 15,433 on the log and strengthened the lead with a result of 15,933 free moves
The raisin gently embraced her while she was waiting for results that were merely formal and she was thrown into tears of joy when the dream she had ever recorded in her notebook had come true.
The result of Raisman's was a little comeback for the four-year-old events when she shared the third place with Mustafin but lost the battle for the bronze medal.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, whom the Americans call "grandmother", came under solid leadership.
Following the performance in the free movements, which dispelled doubts about her return, she could devote an air of kisses to the crowd.
Meanwhile, the 19-year-old Bayon Viral Twitter record r, which she posted this week, is now completely different.
The 6-year-old Mahay Brown, "bullet-headed" survives in a shootout in Philadelphia.
Police say a 6-year-old boy was shot dead in Philadelphia, pointing out that this is already the second six-year-old who was shot in Philadelphia this week.
Grandparents of the child told the CBS Philadelphia news channel that it was Mahay Brown.
Grandparents say that Braun was shot several times, including in the groin, leg, arm, and stomach, but was still conscious when he was taken to the hospital.
His grandmother Delores Melendeza tells the television: "His little body was simply bullet-tattered".
I can not believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition placed in a hospital and has already undergone several operations.
The family informs that he will certainly recover.
He had to start in the first class in a local elementary school.
Braun is one of the four men who were defeated in the city of Germantown.
Three men were also shot down: two 29-year-old men and one 32-year-old man.
Channel CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition, while the other two victims are in a stable position.
The channel says that the child was found in the front seat of the car next to a 29-year-old victim of a critical condition.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police were investigating whether any of them was an attacker.
Investigator told the CBS Philadelphia Channel that several shooters were likely to be shot dead.
Field gun cartridges belonging to different weapons were found at the scene.
It looks like it has been a long shot.
Both sides of the pedestrian walkway have found the shells.
"So it looks like there were a number of armed shooters who were actively involved in firing," says Antony Ginaldi, Captain of the Philadelphia Police.
Damage to several homes and cars.
No one has yet been arrested and it is reported that the police are checking the records of the surveillance cameras.
On Tuesday, a bullet fired at a bullet hit a 6-year-old girl in her hand while she was playing in front of her home in Vestouklein district.
She is slowly recovering, but the police are still looking for the culprit.
Why do we need Simon, Gabija and Laurie?
I call this the Women's Olympic Athletic Team for several reasons.
First of all, I've been to all summer Olympics since 1984, and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, this team has three athletics, Simona Bailsa, Gabija Duglasa and Laurie Hernandez, inspired by many new-born girls.
People can be proud of the fact that this team also includes Alija Raismane, a Jew and Madison Kociana, who is a Catholic.
Finally, this team truly represents America.
It has also strengthened the participation of black and Latin American athletes in this sport.
For the last four years, the best gymnast is African-American.
Last year Simon and Gabija ranked 1st and 2nd places.
These are impressive results.
In the previous Olympics, Gabriel Duglas became surprisingly the Olympic champion, and America was able to rejoice.
Now the world has seen the unbelievable exercises performed by the triple world champion Simon Bills, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, performing unprecedented but skillful exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American in a row to win a gold medal in an individual multi-faceted women.
Her teammate Alija Raismane won the silver medal.
We have seen the best that this sport can give, but the rest of the country's situation in gymnastics is completely different.
Simona, Gabija and Laurie entered the Olympic team, just like Alia and Madison.
They are "Olympic Cheater", as the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four athletes, and this is the last year of trainer Martha Carol's coach work.
In practice, gymnastics is an expensive sport. Trainers are mostly trained at private athletics clubs and are supported by parents who pay for workouts, rooms, trips, uniforms, hotels (coaches, athletes and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these athletics clubs are located in urban areas that can afford this sport.
Athletes in these clubs take away all their workouts, and this is a costly and long-lasting contribution to athletic families.
Eimy Burman - Simon Bills, and Meghia Hainia - Laurie Hernandez's trainer has trained their athletes since both girls began to practice athletics.
We need to provide young girls who are inspired by Simon, Gabija and Laurie, the less expensive gym training opportunities.
I founded my athletics organization 20 years ago.
My organization is located in Harlem, and we offer more than 15,000 urban youth (mostly black and Spanish) gymnastics exercises for free or at low cost. We have also trained national and international champions.
In September we will open a branch in Detroit (my hometown) to provide local youth with the opportunity to get to know this great sport.
Athletics develops strength, flexibility and body coordination, as well as teaches hard work, discipline and dedication to the goal.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success at school and at work.
This team will inspire thousands of new girls to practice athletics and it's fantastic.
Engage in this sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is a very exciting time.
Thank you to Simon, Alia, Gabriele and Madison for the excellent Demonstration of the Girls' Power in the Olympic gold medal and motivating countless new, diverse girls to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After the rejection of Jeremy Hanta's proposal, new doctors plan to launch more strikes.
The ministers hoped to end the controversy by reaching an agreement on changes to the treaty with representatives of the British Medical Association, but rejected by 58 percent of the 37,000 new doctors who took part in the vote.
In July, Hunt announced plans to conclude an agreement stating that the NHS is in a precarious position and further delay would only harm workers and patients.
The first young doctors have already signed a new treaty to change the conditions for night shift work and weekends to improve working conditions during non-standard working hours.
Yesterday evening, Dr Young Maverick, a young doctor at BMA, said that new doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will deepen the labor crisis and does not impose a level playing field for all doctors.
It's been eight weeks left until the first group of young doctors sign the new contract, so progress has to be made, because there is not much left.
BMA's efforts to resolve the problem by negotiating have been confronted with the government's reluctance to engage and sometimes with complete silence.
This happened despite the fact that Jeremy Hantz had even said last month that his door was always open.
Jeremy Hunt must take immediate action, stop the inactivity and work with new doctors.
If he does not, then the new doctors are ready for new protest actions.
During the last strike at the end of April, more than 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 visits were postponed while nurses and counselors tried to replace the doctors who had gone on a picket.
The ministers hoped to end the controversy by reaching an agreement on changes to the treaty with representatives of the British Medical Association.
BMA wants to raise the weekly job rate for 54,000 young doctors who would be covered by new contracts.
NHS Employment Director Daniel Mortimer called on young doctors not to go into strikes.
Mr Mortimer explains that strikes do not solve anything but only increase pressure on busy workers and worry, create stress and impediments to patients, carers and their families.
Over the last two months, we have been talking to the new doctor's committee and, together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions, have responded positively to their questions about the caretakers and reporters.
Employers hope that active engagement on other important issues such as placement, flexible training, in addition to training for career breakers, training costs, mutual recognition of training programs, abandonment and gender pay inequities in medicine - suggests that employers, England's health education institutions and the Ministry of Health are serious about implementing agreements with the BME in November, February and May.
Medicines for 2 pounds a day can reduce the risk of heartburn.
Thousands of patients who have had a heart attack receive 2 pounds a day for treatment because the official recommends that they be used by more people and for a longer period of time.
Anti-inflammatory drugs Ticagrelor reduces the risk of recurrent heart attacks in people with heart disease.
These medicines are already prescribed for use 12 months after the heart attack, reducing the risk of recurrent heart attacks.
NICE represented by NHS is recommended to use this preparation for 4 years after the heart attack to further reduce the risk of heart attack in people with cardiovascular problems.
However, NICE, currently under the guidance of the NHS, is recommended to use this preparation for 4 years after the heart attack to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Every year, around 140,000 people in England suffer from fever, and a quarter of them experience reoccurrence of stroke or stroke.
Heartburn and stroke are caused by accumulation of fatty acids in the walls of the heart, causing obstructions.
If the blockage breaks down, it can produce a blood clot, blocking blood flow to the heart and causing a heart attack.
On the other hand, if the blood vessel is removed from the blood vessel, it can get further into the bloodstream and block the blood from accessing the brain causing a heart attack.
People who have had a heart attack are at increased risk of recurrent heart attacks.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and marketed under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of thrombus formation.
The new NICE guidelines published today recommend people taking Ticargrelor 90 mg for 12 months and another 3 years with 60 mg twice daily with aspirin.
Professor Kerola Longson of NICE Health Technology explains: "Despite the availability of drugs to prevent recurrence of heart attack, more than a quarter of the people who have had a heart attack suffer another heart attack or stroke, which often has severe consequences."
Fear of repeated heart attack may have a negative impact on the quality of life of a person.
Evidence suggests that Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin effectively reduces the risk of recurrent heart attacks and stroke in people who have experienced it once.
Presenting treatment with Ticagrelor, we are pleased to be able to expand the treatment options for thousands of people who are thus benefiting.
Given the limited information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor, in particular the risk of bleeding with this medication for more than three years, the draft guidelines do not recommend this longer than this period.
A politically correct culture encourages fraud during elections in Muslim communities
According to the report, former Mayor of Tauerhamlet Lutfur Rahman was dismissed from office in connection with corruption.
The government's report reveals that the culture of political correctness is turning its eyes to widespread cheating in Muslim communities.
Former Minister of State Sir Erik Pikk criticizes the police, electoral observers and city councils for ignoring the signs of fraud in the electoral process, because they are "afraid of harassing ethnic and religious interests."
Former secretary of the community, who has now become head of the anti-corruption organization, says that intimidation of voters for religious reasons is so widespread that police should allow the deployment of guards at polling stations in order to protect intimidated voters.
He also recommends that voters should present an identity document when they vote to prove their true identity.
At this time, only the name and address must be indicated by the voters.
He even recommends marking the fingers of the voters with a special ink to avoid double voting.
Reporters also need to provide more protection, says Sir Erik.
He believes that the press should provide greater access to Council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups.
He says: "The goal is not only to prevent fraud in the elections, but also to protect the local government from widespread corruption and fraudulent cultures that go hand in hand with it."
The report was ordered by Dauningströt following a scandal following the Tauerhamlet city election.
Last year, the Special Electoral Tribunal decided to cancel City Mayor Lutfur Rahman from the mayor's office due to corrupt and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "distorted cynically" of his religious community's Muslim community and silenced its critics accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
"Rachman has led his election campaign with the message that the religious duty of Muslim believers is to vote for him."
Approximately 300 voices were fake or questionable, as one man had voted on several occasions.
Sir Erik also points out that there are signs of fraud all over the country.
He pointed out that mail fraud was particularly worrying, with senior members of the Muslim community compeling others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Erik recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including the presentation of a personal identity document to clarify the identity of a person.
His report says: "Evidence suggests that vulnerable members of ethnic minority communities, especially women and young people, are forced to vote for senior community candidates, especially in Bangladesh and Pakistani communities."
"There is a concern that the regional authorities do not pay attention to these problems because of political correctness, as they could offend ethnic and religious interests."
Sir Eric outlined 50 recommendations on how to improve the electoral system, which also includes a ban on political activists acting on voices that were sent by post to prevent "vote-picking".
The report, which is under consideration by Teresa Maya, is also called for a thorough check on registration in order to prevent the use of voter lists for fraud in the field of immigration and allowances.
Consider asking voters to present an identity card before voting.
Highlight the votes of the voters who have cast their votes with a special ink to avoid double voting.
Systematically check the nationality of individuals to make sure that a person has the right to vote.
Set a three-year limit to requests for automatic postal voting.
Prohibit political campaigners and activists from working with ballot papers and ballot boxes for postal voting.
Provide the police with the power to place security at polling stations.
Make changes to the law to make it easier for people to be held liable for intimidation under the Human Rights Act 1983.
Prevent photography at polling stations.
To require the use of English only in the polling stations (except in Wales).
Enhance training to ensure that station staff ensure that voters go to the ballot boxes one by one.
Sir Erik is sharply criticizing the Metropolitan Police, expressing his misunderstanding that charges have not been filed in the Thaurhamleth case.
He says: "The electoral court only disqualified Luftru Rahman and his spokesman for activities related to corruption and fraud."
He was convicted guilty of a standard of evidence of criminal law, based on conclusive evidence.
He also criticizes the ineffective election of district council voters in voter registration offices.
Sir Eric points out: "The court decision passed last year is an alarm bell.
Our land is known as the birthplace of the parliament, but the alarming and covert spread of electoral fraud and the eviction of institutions that fraud does not endanger this good reputation.
Excitement of cyclists - Cate Rovers and other Rio Olympians celebrity
The 2016 Rio Olympics fans are delighted with Pauline Ferrand Prevot, a French cyclist, who has been recognized by the fans as being extremely similar to the Duke of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old cyclist is not the only sportsman who is fighting for gold this summer, which, as the media writes, is proud of his celebrity counterpart.
Therefore, in the wake of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces currently featured on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympic players that are very similar to Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: US Archery Team Member Brady Ellison, left, compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
Aside from Keith's associates on the bike track, many people on the internet say that this tracker could be the superstar Leonardo DiCaprio's twin brother.
A member of the US men's archery team, Brady Ellison, caused a storm in a tweet when he published photos where he was very similar to Wall Street Wolf.
The athlete also spotted a storm in social media and admitted that he was comparing Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood.
"I personally do not see much resemblance to the beard," Brady says to Huffington Post.
"He's a handsome guy, so I see it as a compliment."
This year's even more popular will undoubtedly be one of the most popular 2012 London Olympics pairs: the striking resemblance between the British and so-called Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Niel Patrick Harry.
Russian athletics, Alia Mustafina, thanks to her large, expressive eyes, is compared to the American Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
In terms of swimming, the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burk has been comparing for a number of years with Star Founder Matthew Morrison.
Changes: This user has noticed that Nathan is an athletic version of the movie "Inception".
Also, longtime followers are tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnet who have similar eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medalist, swimmer Julia Efimova and actress Annalina McCord are proud not only of sun-tinted skin and blond hair. Meanwhile, fans are of the opinion that athlete US athlete Natan Adrian likened Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Hips: Soccer Star (left) Hop Solo and Dexter Actress Jennifer Carbenter (right) have a similar face shape and eyes.
There is no one: a Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to learn that others also see these similarities
Theory: This user believes that there may be a reason why both look so similar
Recently, a Twitter user has been really pleased to announce that "other internet users agree that Houpa Solo and Jennifer Carpenter really look identical."
The American football star and the Dexter series have a very similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerry Wolves Jennings and her smile, almost identical to the smile of actress Laurie Linny. Gold medalist welter Gabriel Douglas also boasts a beautiful, wide-ranging smile that looks like the Bring It On star to Gabriel Unión's smile.
The CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for his comment that the Chinese swimmer is 'dead like a pig'.
Byan McDonald's analysis of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhas finals in fourth place at 4x200 m free-style relay for women, triggered a storm of outrage at CBC viewers.
Canadian Channel CBC was forced to apologize, as one commentator commented on the fact that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer from the competition was "out of the competition that he had died alone" and "ended as a pig".
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his microphone was turned off when the 4x200 m free-range relay women outlined their personal views at the end of the final.
McDonald, who was included in the CBC commentator team to comment on liveliness, said: "It's not so small for fourteen years old from China to keep up."
"Too overwhelmed, she departed from the competition, knocking alone and ending like a pig."
Thank you very much!
The 14-year-old Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhana's second phase was 1: 57.79, which is 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Ruck's result, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers throughout Canada responded immediately on the Internet, as they were shocked to hear such shades and expressions.
Emets McFarlane wrote on Twitter: "Did a real CBC commentator just say that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" ended up as a pig "????".
The idiot did not understand that they were still in the air.
Ai Yanha was named "the youngest fourteen-year-old from China who is not holding" from China's 4x200m free-style finals for women.
The critique of Byron McDonald quickly came into force as many demanded clarification.
Twitter users could not believe it while listening to the comments by Byron McDonald's.
Twitter user Sara Paradi wrote: "Wow, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and we all sound like racists for you. # Disgusting.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russell, who was currently running the CBC live, apologized for McDonald's comments, saying, "We apologize for the fact that the commentary on the results of the swimming was live on air."
It was an unsuccessful choice of words, and we are very sorry for it to happen.
CBC apologized to more than 90 people who responded to Twitter on this comment.
McDonald's colleague, Scott Russell, had to apologize for his place.
CBC then uploaded an apology to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about McDonald's comment.
Also, the channel quickly posted an apology and notification.
We deeply regret the following comments were made and came to live.
Yesterday we immediately responded and apologized to all live viewers and followers in social media.
For the sake of clarity, the comments made by Byron were expressed in terms of the performance of the swimmer, rather than addressed to her personally.
But they were, in any case, unprofessional and unsuccessful statements, and Mr Buterson very much regretted what had happened.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald personally apologized for the live broadcast and tried to explain that he did not think his comment would be perceived as a personal assault.
He told the CBC Olympics live: "I would like to take a moment and apologize for the comment I made yesterday in the women's free style competition."
I'm talking about swim performance, not about him personally.
Needless to say, I did not intend to show disrespect, and I really regret it.
Primark buyers are shocked by a woman who shamelessly tries in the middle of the underwear store.
Buyers felt embarrassed when a woman began to undress for panties in the middle of the store.
As the situation worsened further, she wiped them to make sure they stuck to her and then pulled them down, putting the panties back on the store shelf.
She went on to look for clothes at the Folkestone Bouverie Place Shopping Center store and she made four more panties.
Primark at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkeston - the place where this woman wore underwear and then laid it back on the shelf.
At the same time, the store was also home to two children's mother, Jenny Davidson, who says that an unknown woman, after lying down her clothes, pulled her clothes and left the store without buying anything.
She points out that people could not believe their eyes.
Standing in the middle of the store, she took from his shelf panties, took off his tights and trousers, and spotted them on the spot.
She did not even try to find a more discriminatory place to look at them, she simply dumped them on the spot.
Everyone watched her take off his briefs and apparently did not like her because she simply put them back on the shelf.
She picked up three more briefs until she decided that she did not like any of her and left the store.
She did not seem to be shocked at seeing or thinking about someone who would buy the clothes she is trying to do.
David Kennedy (33 years old) from Kent says, "The idea is that someone will buy clothes that another person has been dressing and have not been washed".
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs. Davidson adds: "I assume that the store's staff took out the clothes out of the store shelves after leaving, which is also acceptable."
I can not imagine buying new underwear and finding out that another woman has tried them and then they are not washed.
The Primark spokesman said Primark was aware of an incident that took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The particular clothes are removed from the store shelves.
How to protect yourself from the firearms using Krav Maga
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer.
To find out how to protect ourselves from the attackers with a firearm in the immediate distance, we talked to Krav Maga, the great New York-based Ron Mizraki.
Regardless of whether you are attacked from the front or back, this video shows how to protect yourself and gain a foothold over the attacker.
Mizraki points out if the attacker is attacking from the back, then first turn to see the attacker clearly and avoid the trajectory of the shot.
The weapon must then be located between your front arm and shoulder and should strike the opponent's face with his free elbow.
Then, follow the shot with the knee in the groin, and while the attacker stops hurting, take him a weapon, put his face on the weapon's shoulder and retreat, continuing to turn the weapon against him.
If the attacker approaches from the front, the situation is similar - avoid the trajectory of the shot, open the weapon and unhook it so that the victim can not shoot.
At the same time, you must put pressure on the weapon and take a shot on your opponent's chest and eventually take him off the weapon and step backwards to continue to look at him.
Sounds complicated?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizraki does it.
But remember, if you're not a master of Krav Maga, then it's safer to give your robber money.
The Vandal family walks Saltas Cornwall's social home and is placed on the street.
The Vandal family has been displaced by neighboring terrorists, causing damage to the social home of £ 50,000.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner, Sean Trebilkok, are just out of wealth in Saltash Cornwall, as they have been filed with several complaints.
When they were forcibly displaced from property, shocked housing officials found that the property was completely dismantled.
There were broken holes on the floors and walls, rubble wasted everywhere and graffiti was covered with walls.
The family is now out of business and is likely to live in a private property.
Donna Makevoia, managing director of Cornwall Housing, says there is a fear that housing will not be able to be restored.
She says that the people who lived here were extremely hard and she believes that people can not live it.
In this case, a number of factors need to be considered, since this property will no longer be of good reputation in Cornwall.
This family is famous and their name is well known.
The couple had three sons who lived periodically in their possession and the police said their terror was violent, street banging with baseball bats, intimidation of local people, drug use, drug sales and loud bellicosity and crying.
The 47-year-old Sceldon, who was the owner of the property, sentenced an antisocial behavior in June.
The waste was found in several rooms in the woodshed.
Several floorboards have also been removed from a drug-trafficking home.
Neighbors say they regularly get on the street and are constantly called the police.
In Cornwall, the Housing Service forced them out of property when they were given 11 weeks to voluntarily withdraw from the house.
Desperate neighbors were very happy about eviction, because their life was an absolute hell.
One said: "They did not care about other people."
We lived next to them for 20 years, it has always been crazy.
It's unbelievable how often we have seen the police here.
We could not resist this morning.
We woke up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to it!
Now that they are finally away, here's going to be wonderful.
Adam Fitzpatrick, who is the Cornwall Housing Service's Neighborhood Defense Head, said the family did not cooperate with local security authorities.
The family here has lived here for 20 years and here is regularly called the police.
In the overgrown garden house, various old and useless items were found.
He also said: "It is very regrettable that the tenants did not show any responsibility for their behavior, since evicting from home is always the last step taken by the Cornish Housing Service."
This was a very complicated case, because their behavior was extreme and their neighbors had been very hard to look at their behavior.
I appreciate the work that has been done in this case by all my team, the Devonian and Cornish police and community members who were brave and cooperated with us in providing the necessary information.
I hope this event will ease the lives of neighbors and show that anti-social behavior is unacceptable.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons here lived in different periods of time, but all were about 20 years old.
Dirty mattress that was left on the floor in one of the rooms after being evicted.
Service staff will now have to clean the stack of waste left in the house.
In 2014, the police house searched and found over 70 grams of marijuana, scales, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon was only found guilty of possession of class B drugs with a view to distributing them.
She insisted that the money was intended for the monument to her son, Ly Scheldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After eviction, it became known that they are currently renting some private property in Plymouth.
Graffiti was marked on many home walls.
The police say they will continue to expose tenants who violate their rental agreements.
Devon and Cornwall police spokeswoman Angela Crow states that this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
She also said that: "This is a warning to those who believe that they can behave as they want and will not have any consequences."
Devonian and Kronval police do not accept criminal and anti-social behavior, and the police will continue to work with our partners to protect local communities.
Readiness to spend can give impetus to the economy.
Akropolis LT, which manages the Akropolis shopping and entertainment centers in Vilnius, Klaipeda and Siauliai, will be merged with the Akropolis Group group of companies, inheriting all of its existing commitments to Akropolis LT partners and employees.
The merger of Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group is planned to be implemented by October 1 this year.
We are starting a new phase of development, during which we will carry out large-scale projects, therefore, we try to simplify the structure of the company, which will enable Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group to create a more efficient team of professionals.
At present, we are implementing Acropolis's largest development projects under the decade - the construction of a multifunctional shopping mall Acropolis in Riga and the development of a multifunctional object in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant site.
"The new company structure will allow us to more effectively use the experience and competences of the Akropolis LT team, successfully developing projects and promptly taking the necessary decisions," says Saulė Zabulionytė, member of the Board of Akropolis Group.
Akropolis Group is a group of companies that manages real estate development, commercial hire and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
A number of furniture procurements announced by SIA Rauko have closed, according to a notice on the homepage of the Procurement Monitoring Bureau.
The company will purchase a plate sawing machine for 89.5 thousand euros.
It will be delivered by SIA Lintera Rīga.
For 33 thousand euros, the company will buy a format saw, supplied by UAB Infleks.
Also, SIA Rauko will buy a milling machine with a spindle shaft.
It will be delivered to UAB Infleks for 15.6 thousand euros.
In turn, 32.6 thousand euros will be paid by the hydraulic hot press, which will be delivered by SIA Linter Rīga.
Procurement is implemented with the support of the Rural Support Service.
Rauko was founded in 2007.
The company has implemented more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
Cannes Mayor forbade bubble bathing on beaches.
The Mayor of Cannes, a French southern resort town, has forbidden the use of blouse swimwear on the beaches of this city, which almost completely covers the woman's body and is very reminiscent of a wet suit, local officials said on Thursday.
Mayor of Cannes, David Lindar, has signed an order that "access to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone without bathing, respecting good habits and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"A beach suit that astonishes religious affiliation at a time when France and the cult sites are targets of terrorist attacks can lead to a risk of disturbance to public order (collapse, collision, etc.), which needs to be addressed," the order said.
"We are not talking about a religious symbol of wearing a beach on the beach, but about strange clothes that are associated with trust in the terrorist movements that are waging war with us," explained Thierry Miguel, head of municipal utilities.
He added that burqa swimwear on Cannes beaches had not been seen since July 28, when right-wing Linares, a member of the Republican Party, signed the order and came into force.
This week, the Aquapark in Marseilles quashed a planned private event for Muslim women dressed in blouses in swimsuits, as both left-wing and left-wing politicians expressed their outrage at this.
In France, it is prohibited to wear face-shielding Muslim women's headgear, but religious symbols or clothing are not prohibited.
On July 14, 85 people were killed in a terrorist attack in Cannes, a short-lived resort in Nicosia, taken under the responsibility of the Islamic State.
On July 26, two attackers who swore allegiance to the "Islamic State," brutally murdered a priest in a church in the northwest of France.
"Jysk" turnover last year increased by 5%
"Jysk Linnen'n Furniture" ("Jysk"), a household goods retailer, has grown by 5% last year, reaching 23.66 million euros, according to Firmas.lv.
The company's turnover in 2014 was 22.57 million euros.
The company's profit increased a bit - from 781,235 euros in 2014 to 785,896 euros last year.
According to the management report, last year the company reconstructed the existing store in Sloka street, Riga, and closed a store in Riga, Kurzeme prospectus.
Also, this year, like other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase both turnover and profit.
Meanwhile, last year's profit is recommended to remain unbundled.
"Jysk" is an international chain of stores offering home improvement products.
SIA "Jysk Linnen'n Furniture" was founded in 2001.
The company's share capital is 3 500 264 euros.
The company is owned by the Icelandic company "Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC".
Lilac meatballs are simplified - ground with white bread.
Eat right after baking, then they will be the longest.
Fish fillets and white bread together grind in a mincer.
Add milk, salt, pepper and mashed again or mix thoroughly.
Then add the butter, which is kept at room temperature, to the goat's mass, carefully sliced and make medium-sized meatballs.
Add the meatballs then in bread crumbs.
The oil in the pan is heated.
Place the dumplings in a pan and bake for 10-15 minutes before eating until they are golden brown on both sides.
Serve until it's still warm, omelet with melted butter or some sauce.
Festival "Kuban" started in Lucavsala.
On Thursday, August 11, in the evening of Lucavsal, one of the last summer festivals was launched - there will be "Kuban" until Sunday night.
On the first night, groups such as "Enter Shikari" from Great Britain, which was expected last year, disappeared from the program, American fans "NOFX", DJ Maxim from the group "The Prodigy" and others.
Also on the next days of the festival are noteworthy names: Guano Apes and Garbage, drummer Marky Ramon of the panoramic legend Ramones, Marky Ramone's Blitzkrieg, Brutto & Lyapis with Belarusian pan-rock leader Sergey Mihaloku, popular Georgian actor and singer Vahtang Kikabidze, Ukrainians Vopli Vidoplyasova and a range of other, but full featured programs can be viewed here.
This is the second year when the "Kubana" festival takes place in Latvia.
Last year, it suffered financial failure and huge losses, but did not prevent the organizers from re-attempting - they added a long name to the name, included in the program a Latvian group (Friday night 19:15 on stage stage "All Day Long") and announced that the festival has now become "closer and gained local colors alongside such symbols of Riga as its panorama and cats".
Whether these efforts are to be fulfilled, it's too early to judge, because the festival just crashed, but, as Delfi Entertainment was observed on the first night, at least for the time being, it was not possible to attract huge crowds and the number of visitors was similar to last year.
The UK trekking bike team doubles the Olympic record and wins the sprint.
The British trekking team twice corrected the Olympic record twice and won the sprint race for men.
The first British record was corrected by the British qualifications, but in the first round it was re-edited by the New Zealanders.
The British team met New Zealand in the sprint finale, and the British captured the New Zealand Olympic title holders, leaving them with silver medals.
The final British team won with a score of 42,440 seconds, exceeding 0.102 seconds for New Zealanders.
In the fight for the bronze, the French team beat Australia.
It should also be noted that the record was also corrected in the women's qualifying journey - the British team corrected the world record, which is now 4: 13.260.
President who stayed in the shadows: Gustav Zemgalas - 145.
On Friday, August 12, 145 years have passed since the birth of the second president of Latvia, Gustav Zemgals.
Zemgals proclaimed the state of Latvia, but undeterredly remained in the shadow of the late President of the Republic of Latvia, Jānis Cakste and pre-war period, widely described in the shadow of President Karl Ulmanis.
No other country has so far defended democracy and the rule of law as Zemgals, writes Arnold Auzhin, a book about Gustav Zemgale published ten years ago.
In a conversation with the portal "Delfi" Auzins emphasizes that Zemgals is one of the few politicians in high positions who have had a sense of humor.
The rest are stiff, always very correct.
He did not teach this, nowadays it could be similar to that of Raimonds Vejonis.
"He was one who is close to the people," says Auziņš.
Modern politicians are badly aware of history, they have referred to Karl Ulman as a good leader, but few know how furious he was.
At government meetings, the only person he was not screaming was General Balodis.
Even though in pictures he was kind and smiling, he was harpist in nature.
"Zemgals, with his sense of humor and democracy, gives the opposite impression," says Auziņš.
Professor Aivars Stranga, professor at the University of Latvia's Faculty of History and Philosophy, in a conversation with Delfi, agrees with Auzins' assessment of Zemgale as a calm and well-meaning citizen.
He also notes that Zemgals emerged with respect to minorities, regularly invited Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"At that time it was not a common practice, after the Zemgale Presidency, Alberts Kviesis took this tradition", tells the historian.
He was such a quiet and persistent person who had long been coaxing into becoming president.
He himself did not care about it, just do not fall in love.
He also criticized himself quite a bit because he did not know the French language, but thought that the president should definitely know it.
"During the presidency, we learned the basics of the French language," explains Stranga.
Zemgals could not be persuaded to stand again, he did not really like his high post.
In all respects, he has a very respectable personality in Latvian history, before he arrived at the presidential palace, he was in a serious position - he was a very demanding notary.
Zemgals also headed the famous Zemgale Treasury at Suvorova Street 3, where the Association of Travel Agents and Credit Publishers was located, where the state of Latvia was practically engaged in government negotiations.
He was always progressive.
There was no great fan of Ulmanis, but publicly he did not object.
"In private conversations, it has sometimes been said that Ulmanis does not really impress him," says Stranga.
Lived for a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of irregularities or corruption.
How is Zemgale remember today?
It's a pity, but for a large part he is associated only with a street in Riga.
He was an absolute democrat, the views were centered.
"During his time there were no major shocks, that is, he could associate with such a really stable presidency," Stranga says.
During the Presidency of Gustav Zemgale, from 1927 until 1930, the visit of Latvia to Sweden also took place, which at that time implied Latvia full recognition in the neighboring country and inclusion in the community of democratic nations of North Europe.
On May 28, 1929 Zemgals arrived in a state visit to Stockholm.
The response of the King of Sweden Gustaf V to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The second president of the Latvian state was born in 1871, but in the course of time he left in January 1939.
Simple ways to help your child deal with anger attacks.
I often encounter the fact that the parents see anger, anger, and anger as something wrong and abnormal.
When a child reveals his anger openly - we do not know how to react, Econet points out psychologist Ekaterina Kesa.
The specialist encourages a small conversation about these so natural and human feelings - the anger and the rage that everyone experiences periodically.
Aggression is already a physical activity that is directed against another person, and it usually appears when you feel angry.
When we, adults, are angry, excited - usually we know what's going on with us and how to deal with it.
We can ourselves in our anger and rage: to express, suppress, conceal, keep in ourselves, tell our friends or other relatives about it, we can wrinkle a sofa, smoke a cigarette (this is not the best way to dispel anger!), Go into a shower, poke with a kulak on a table and do other things that we do not usually do.
We do not commit our aggression to others, because we know various other ways to deal with these emotions.
Children, when they find their anger, do not understand what is happening to them, how to name them and how to live with them.
They can say: "Go away!", "You're a fool", "Bad mom", "I do not see you", "I will not be watching you" - and very rarely, when I can say: "I was angry with you".
Children live literally, they are completely located right here, at this moment, they are spontaneous and true in expressing their feelings, and often are in the hands of various emotions.
It is very important for parents not to forbid the child to show feelings, including anger, to not shy about it and not get it, but on the contrary - to help the child.
Do you need to talk about relationships?
A long working day in which everything has not really gone the way you want or just a bad mood - there are so many reasons why you would like to "unlock" for the moment, day or even longer.
Is it possible for some time to get married and have a little breath?
Or does that mean that each of the partners has its own path?
Gentlemen of different ages share their views.
Janis (23) is short and concise: "In my opinion, if a relationship needs to be heard, then you are not with the real person."
Meanwhile, Eduard (30) has revealed a scheme that may help someone.
If you feel that a partner starts to fall on your nerves for every little detail, then it's definitely the right moment to explore other hunting grounds to see if you are missing, or you do not really think about it or even do not even want to see it anymore.
So the answer is yes, pausing can save you time and understand how important you are to the other half.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
In my opinion, the relationship should be intercepted for each other on a daily basis, because if you spend time with people 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then disputes are inevitable.
They are caused by the fact that they notice every detail that the other does, and it starts to fall on the nerves.
People start bothering each other, especially if you have not even talked about anything, just about what you've been doing in the day.
My personal experience makes me think so, so I have not had a relationship for more than a couple of months.
If you think for some time that elsewhere is better or better for someone else, then why is this woman with whom you are together deserving someone who might think that it is not good enough and there are paradise fields behind the mountains?
Thinking alone is a small betrayal.
If not, then it is not.
"I have, therefore, I'm a little condemning those who do not have that." Says Edmunds (46).
Karl (33) has a completely opposite view.
I think everyone needs a moment in the room.
You can not watch each other for a moment, all the time, from morning until night, and rejoice in the never-ending love.
Fix it!
There are so many things - friends, work, parties.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, a girlfriend or wife, however, if both keep their balance between family life and the rest of the world, then they can live up to the edge of the grave.
That and only that.
Mārtiņš (27) says it: "It's hard to say - whether or not it is necessary, may or may not take a break, but one thing is clear: the proponent has nothing in the relationship, nothing is missing, something is missing."
If this is a question, then it is to be expected that there will be some changes in the near future - for the good or the bad, it depends on itself.
I mean, while you are new and crazy, you need to be shocked at some point all the time, but when everything is serious and the relationship goes into a completely different phase, there can be no speech for rest.
You decide to spend the whole life together!
"If you can not withstand one another at all, and you need to have an at-a-glance once and for all, what will happen when you retire who commented on how passing cats are having or wondering which day a garden should be better served," explains Kristaps (19).
All gentlemen's names have changed.
Rozenthal, with his enthusiastic and enthusiastic personality, stirred up the interest of the aristocracy in the Latvian nation for the first time.
"In this sense, he was the first love of the Latvian nation, which as such would remain unforgettable forever," wrote Roman Suta at the time of the old Russian master of the painting, Janis Rozentāls.
Also, in 2016, revealing the extensive retrospective exhibition of the old master in the renovated Latvian National Museum of Art's main building, it is clear that Rozentāls is the first love of Latvian art.
The exhibition was opened on August 12, but already since August 13, it is available to visitors and will be open until October 30.
The Latvian National Museum of Art, with its extensive retrospective, honors the painter Jani Rosenthal (1866-1916) in the newly opened Grand Exhibition Hall, one hundred and fiftieth birthday of which is on the international calendar of UNESCO celebrations.
A retrospective show featuring more than 150 works is one of the central events of the Jahn Rozenthal anniversary program.
The selection of works of art is mostly made up of the collection of the Latvian National Museum of Art, which convincingly represents the main stages and genres of classical creative activity, the diversity of stylistic variability and techniques.
In addition, exhibits from the Aksel Gallen-Kalle's Museum, the Museum of Literature and Music, the Liepaja Museum, the Tukums Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland have been used.
An atmosphere of centuries-old enthusiasm awakens the presence of photographs, the mobile application of the exhibition reveals the connotations of individual works of art that the artist painted for his creative use with his own photographic camera.
In turn, the Finnish-Latvian Friendship Society "Rozentals-seura", named after the Latvian classics, at the same time offers a small informative traveling exhibition "With a glance in Finland, with a heart in Latvia", the first stop at the Latvian National Museum of Art.
A similar exhibition with content in English, Finnish and Swedish will open in the "Virka" gallery in Helsinki in autumn.
Mets Leblanks looks forward to returning to the TopGear show.
Mets Leblank, head of the TopGear TV show, said he was looking forward to returning to the second-season car show, but admitted he did not know what would be expected of him in the future.
For now nothing officially happens.
"If you will, then it will be announced to the BBC," Leblank opened in a conversation with television critics.
Doubts about the "Gas on the Floor!" Came about in July when Lebanon's nephew Chris Evans announced that he would leave the program.
Upon leaving, Evans admitted that Leblanks and "Gas on the floor!" Are "designed for each other".
Evans describes the former series "Friends" ("Friends") as a "real and respectable man", thus dispelling the rumors that both friendships were filming.
When Leblank asked what he likes most about the show, he replied that traveling to other countries, such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
The BBC says the show does not yet plan to replace Evans in the new season.
Kalvins: Meldonia could be removed from the list of prohibited substances for athletes this year.
It is expected that the Meldonate drug, which is produced in Latvia, could be excluded this year from the list of prohibited substances for athletes, on Friday morning in the LNT program 900 seconds, said the director of the Latvian Institute of Organic Synthesis, Academician Ivars Kalvins.
He said he would go to Canada in September to discuss the Meldonian issue with representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scientist expressed hope that Mildronate will be removed from the "black list" this year.
Two cinemas were taken to a hospital in Sigulda after a collision.
Two policemen rally in Sigulda, Switzerland Street, causing various injuries, according to the State Police.
Incidents involving men born in 1987 and 1990 who were both taken to a medical facility were involved.
A cyclist also suffered a fall in Koknese.
A man born in 1989 died on a street in 1905 and taken to the care of physicians.
In turn, a motorcyclist born in 1989 in Dobele district, Naudīte civil parish, attempted to avoid a dog that ran on the road and overturned.
He is also in the hospital.
In the last day, 71 traffic accidents were registered in Latvia, in which 16 people were injured.
Somewhat rainy and cool.
Also, on Friday, temporary rain in Latvia will be expected and it will become a bit cooler, the agency LETA learned from the Latvian Center for Environment, Geology and Meteorology.
It is possible to throw a thunder in places.
According to forecasts, rain is expected in Kurzeme and northern Vidzeme.
Maximum air temperature will be within +16, +19 degrees.
In Riga, the day will go without precipitation and the sun will predominate.
However, the air will not be warmer than +18 degrees.
The bustling business models in the US model have, in his interpretation, won the glory of a perverse exquisite photo shoot and the indecisiveness of the horror movie.
Basically, a highly provocative work on balancing sophistication and banal vulgarity, which finds it difficult to cut off the boundaries between the European art house movie and the Hollywood genre product area.
The film, with Vigo Mortensen, focuses on the question of whether parents' conceptualized life patterns (ecology, vegetarianism, alternativeism, and seclusion from the consumption of society's gluttony and values) are blessing or destructive to their children.
The idealistic father of six children after the death of his wife is confronted with questions about the correctness of choices and true values.
A rocking, life-like film by Matt Ross this year won the Cannes Festival Award for directing.
Of course, sharks just do it as they attack beautiful females - in Jacuzzi it was a swimmer, in this case, a courageous surf, portrayed by Bleik Laivlija.
The work has demanded of her profound heroism.
This solosum of survival can be compared to James Frank's drama of 127-hour drama in the film and the play of Rayen Reinolds in the movie Buried alive.
Probably the culprit Mila Kunis is also at fault, whose transformation from a mummy to a creative person and a very family-savvy person seems to be just the result of a completely desperate Hollywood screenwriter's fantasy.
The Islamic state in Syria has captured 2,000 civilians.
Terrorist group militants from Islamabad, fleeing Menibeh, Syrian Aleppo province, seized about 2,000 civilians captured as live shields, a US-backed Kurdish and Arabian alliance and observers said on Friday.
"We did not marry them, because they escaped to Jerabul, took the civilians with them," the spokesman for the Kurdish Military Council of Kurdish announced.
After two months of fighting, the Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), led by the United States-backed Kurdish-Arab alliance in the north of Syria, said on Monday that Menbiji was freed from jihadists.
The Islamic country of Menbreeze was in 2014.
The QSD has pushed most of the "Islamic State" militants out of Menbourg last week, but part of it persisted and showed fierce resistance.
However, on Friday they left the city by taking prisoners with them.
The Islamists go to Jerabultus, located on the Turkish border.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), a London-based Syrian activist, reported that the "Islamic State" abducted about 2,000 people.
The SOHR reported that the Islamists kidnapped the townspeople 'cars, forced the people to dig in them, and then took them to Jerabul.
The Islamic State fighters also have previously massacred kidnappings.
In January, Muslims hijacked over 400 civilians, including women and children, in capturing areas in the Deir ez Zor province in the east of Syria.
Later the Islamists released about 270 prisoners.
How many Islamic militants escaped from Menbourg is unknown.
A spokeswoman for the Kurdish Military Council of Menibiz reported that the QSD managed to save 2,500 people captured by Islamists in Menburi.
The information gathered by the SOHR shows that at least 437 civilians, including 105 children, have lost their lives in the Menoby battle.
Killed 299 QSD militants and 1019 jihadists.
Kolegova refuses to stand for the position of the head of the State Revenue Service.
The head of the State Environmental Service Inga Kolegova decided to withdraw her candidacy for the post of Director General of the State Revenue Service (SRS), the agency LETA informed the Ministry of Finance.
Kolegova points out that her candidacy negotiation has increased controversy between the ruling coalition parties.
The real reasons for the debate seem to be related to the visible but more frequent, invisible interests of the politicians and have nothing to do with my professional ability assessment.
"It is also unacceptable to me", he emphasizes that he has already been a candidate for the position of the Head of the State Revenue Service.
In the event that her candidacy was approved by the government, it is clear that this would not be a convincing vote and this would prevent the full work and implement the necessary changes in the SRS, feeling all government support.
Without it, full-fledged work would not be possible, concludes Kolegova.
"I have publicly stated on several occasions that I do not want to be politically dependent, but at the moment all my candidacy process is too politicized," explains the official.
"Thank you for the trust and support shown to me, it's an experience I value as a benefit," writes Kozegova for Reizniece-Ozolai.
Unanimity on Wednesday said that during the meeting with Kolegov, "significant contradictions" between explanations of candidacy and information available on public registers on dividend payments from SIA Pallogs revealed that Pallogs' public meeting decisions do not provide for a profit split.
Currently, the head of the State Revenue Service is headed by Deputy Director General Dace Peelke.
The police in Livani are involved in the rescue of two young children left unchecked, informs the Latgale Regional Office of the State Police.
A message about unattended baby trolleys was received on Friday at around 7pm.
They were in Livani near the former store building.
The two little girls were immediately taken to the hands of the medical staff for help.
A cart with documents and a mobile phone was also left in the trolley.
For half an hour, law enforcers found out the location of the children's parents and traveled there.
When they arrived at a woman's civilian home, policemen found out that a woman was sleeping because of alcohol abuse.
According to preliminary information, a woman born in the evening of 1992, on the evening of 1992, went to a girlfriend, who used alcohol.
Already going home after a joint sitting, the woman has decided to leave the children at the store in the uncertain circumstances.
The incumbent police immediately informed the Orphan's court, which will also decide on the future fate of the children.
The Freeport of Riga has implemented all the recommendations of the State Audit Office regarding the project of the Russian island.
The Freeport of Riga Authority has implemented all of the five recommendations of the State Audit Office (SC) regarding the implementation of the Infrastructure Development project in the Russian island for the transfer of port activities from the city center, the portal Diena.lv informed the company.
Approval of the project is planned at the nearest meeting of the Freeport of Riga Authority.
Riga Freeport Authority was also guided by the conclusions of the legal and operational audit performed by the international auditor Deloitte Freeport of Riga Authority and the recommendations made to improve the project management in the further stage of the project, in line with the opinion of the State Audit Office, in preparing the documentation necessary for the implementation of the recommendations.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations has also been sent to the SAO today.
Despite the fact that the Freeport of Riga Authority does not agree with the opinion of the State Audit Office on the feasibility of implementing the project of the Russian Isle, we are very responsible for the implementation of the project and the financing provider - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to emphasize that all planned works within the framework of the project are fully completed within the specified deadlines and planned amount.
"To demonstrate to all those involved in the implementation of the project, including the EC, the SAO and also the stevedores, that the main objective of the Freeport is to successfully implement the project, we have fully implemented all the recommendations of the State Audit Office regarding project management and supervision issues," said Sanita Kaire, project manager for the Russian island.
The long-term operational plan for controlling and monitoring the achievement of the project's objective was supplemented by the key planned activities of the parties involved and the deadlines for the required decisions, definitions of deadlines for meetings and regular reports, planned construction process monitoring tools, and definitions of major border points.
The approved action plan to achieve the objective of the project until December 31, 2018, in accordance with the recommendations of the State Committee, has been supplemented with enforcement monitoring activities, thus increasing the control of the deadlines of other parties involved in the implementation of the project by the Freeport of Riga.
To improve project management and minimize potential risks, a new project management plan has been developed, defining the areas of project management and specifying the developed documents that provide control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
The project management structure chart has been developed to increase the capacity of the project, which reflects the planned structure of the project management team, the qualifications and functions of the employees.
In order to improve the communication between the Freeport of Riga Authority and the parties involved in the project, a communication plan for the stakeholders of the project has been elaborated, which, in addition to the parties specified in the project action plan, defines the parties involved in the successful completion of the project, the principles, types and periodicity of the exchange of information.
In turn, in order to improve control over the use of financial resources, the necessity of entering into a service contract or launching a contract, and the rule of law, will have to be further detailed in the future.
Within the framework of the project, the Russian port has built a world-standard port infrastructure - four new deep-water berths, railways, as well as engineering communications.
The Cohesion Fund co-financed buildings have been completed and put into operation at the end of the year, with a saving of € 10.6 million in funding.
Due to threats Slovakia has increased security at airports.
After receiving non-specific threats, Slovakia has stepped up security measures at several airports on Friday, announced by the Ministry of the Interior.
"In view of the threat, we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Poprad and Kosice," the spokeswoman for the Slovak Interior Ministry told AFP on Friday.
"The National Security and Analysis Center is currently analyzing the information we have received," he added.
The Slovakian capital will host an informal European Union (EU) summit on September 16, in which all block countries, with the exception of Great Britain, will participate.
The meeting will discuss the consequences of the British Brexi referendum and discuss the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia is by January the EU Presidency.
German researchers are discussing the number of "victims of the Berlin Wall".
According to a new study, the number of fatalities at the communist yoke of the former East German border could be much higher than previously thought, but doubts about the true number of victims are still not resolved.
According to data released on Wednesday by the Berlin Wall Museum Checkpoint Charlie, between 1945 and 1989, 1841 people attempted to escape from their territory were murdered at the border with the western allied areas and the later communist authorities of the West Germanic region.
The museum has been studying border-related deaths for years and has been adjusting the number of casualties from time to time.
This year, 11 more deaths were added to the list, including the deaths of a six-year-old boy drowned when the family attempted to reach West Germany via the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among the young victims of the Berlin Wall are the Soviet Army deserters.
"The final damage caused by the double evil of communism and socialism has not yet been fully documented," says Alexander Hildebrante, director of the museum.
"Our task is to ensure that the cemetery of the people who died in an attempt to escape from a communist-controlled state would be maintained and not lost," emphasizes Hildebrant's statement.
But other researchers have already questioned the new figures.
"The 1841 figure is inconclusive," says Joens Strath, an expert on East German history at the Free University of Berlin, in an interview with the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
He, together with other researchers at the Free University of Berlin, is currently reviewing alleged suspected deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to confirm only 260 cases.
Previously, researchers estimated that only the murderers of the Berlin Wall murdered 138 people.
In view of those people who died in an attempt to escape the Baltic Sea or get into the West through the territory of neighboring countries, according to the state, the number of victims could reach about a thousand.
However, this is by no means significantly less than 1841.
One of the reasons for the different victims could be different methodologies.
The Checkpoint Charlie Museum also lists all suicide bombers in East Germany, whether they were directly related to their service.
The museum also counts deaths that are not related to direct violence.
"If the seniors aged 70 to 80 years after contraction with border control die from heartbreak," it should be the consequence of this "murderous border", Hildebrante believes.
However, the State is convinced that a distinction needs to be made between the elderly who may have died as a result of their experiences and those whose death was caused by a long wait in a hot bus on the border.
Regardless of the victims' records, it is not easy, as the communist East German authorities did not collect such statistics, and the researchers should escape the documents in various scattered archives, states the State.
However, the State Group recently picked up new documents and could therefore come up with a new estimate of the number of victims in the near future.
LPF President Sir, Rio has gone with the coach's accreditation, which is a surprise to himself.
In recent days, the lucky president of the Latvian Swimming Federation (LPF) Kaspars Pone has arrived in the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games with a coach's accreditation, but he himself feels surprised.
On Wednesday, excitement arose from the comments made by the German Olympic champion, Germana Jakubovsky, who was the coach of the Olympic swimming swimmer Alon Ribakov, who revealed that he had decided to go to Rio de Janeiro at the last minute to stay home.
Initially, the swimmers Aline Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins, coaches Jakubovskis and Dave Collins, as well as the president of the Federation, were approved in the list of riders.
The Latvian Swimming Federation gave five entries to the Olympic Games, and before leaving, Aldon Vrublevsky argued that the German would be and will be looking for tickets.
"However, apparently for objective reasons, he did not," said the Lord, expressing the view that it did not affect Ribakov's result.
At the request of the federation, Uva coach assumed her help.
Sir, who himself is a member of the LOC Executive Committee, sharply criticized the LOC's work by blaming the organizing organization for the Olympic sport.
In my view, it is unethical to approve five people in the LOC Executive Committee and not to invoke one of them.
"I do not know why the swimming federation did not have enough space," the Lord said that the federation and the work of their presidents have not been evaluated in society, reminding that federal presidents are not receiving salaries.
He also criticized Yakubovsky himself, saying that before the London Olympics, when Ribakova was not confirmed among the participants, he appealed to the International Water Sports Federation (FINA) and asked not to send any athlete to Latvia.
I could not tell you why he was in the Olympic Games with the accreditation of the trainer, who most likely had to come to Jakubovskim.
"I was nominated as a" team leader "for the federation, but for some reason I received a coach's accreditation and now I am not in there."
The situation changed day by day, the number of available accreditations changed.
Until the last moment, I think that German will be because I did not have any other information.
According to information available to the agency LETA, she had a conversation face to face with Poni and had a tear in her face after a couple of days before Ribakov's start, but the president of the LPF himself said that it was a daily conversation with the desire to fit the athlete before the start.
He reminded that the LPF oversees the five Olympic Games, and four of them are training children in Latvia as well.
The president of the federation said that the issues of drowning were very important in Latvia, and he had talked about such programs, having been in Rio de Janeiro for nearly two weeks now.
He praised the work of the federation and said that in 2018 Latvia could stage the World Cup.
Location in Rio de Janeiro is not my vacation, I work here, spend my time and try to implement four year programs.
600 000 salmon babies will be introduced in the Daugava.
During the weekend of the Latvenergo Fish Recovery Program, salmon and herb juveniles are being introduced in the Daugava River at Mangaļsala, and this year it is planned to let over more than 600,000 annual salmon and herb juveniles grown in the fish farms of the scientific institute Bior Tome and Dole.
The Latvenergo agency LETA informed that the admission of fish will continue in the coming months - every year 6,300,000 juvenile fish and larvae of different species are admitted to the Daugava basin water bodies.
In the spring of 2016 and in the beginning of summer, ling and lobster larvae will be released, in June they will be melons, in July - single-summer salmon, in August and September - zandarti and vimbas.
Director of Production Latvenergo Maris Kuņickis said that environmental concern is one of the cornerstones of the sustainable development of the Latvenergo Group.
"In all measures for the conservation and propagation of fish resources, each activity is focused on environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with the Bior Scientific Institute, carrying out both the rearing of babies in the Daugava basin and other activities," said Kunickis.
More than 600,000 annual salmon and thistle juveniles will be planted this year at the mouth of the Daugava River.
For the second year already, the fish before the admission are marked by cutting the fatty oil.
The cargo arrived today is 25,000 salmon babies with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Every year, in the composition and quantity of scientifically based species, juveniles and larvae are introduced into the Daugava River and its basin water bodies.
According to the regulatory enactments, the propagation of fish resources in the Daugava and its basin water bodies is carried out by Bior on the basis of the analysis of losses incurred by the fish resources as a result of Latvenergo's economic activity and giving a conclusion on what compensatory measures are to be taken to ensure the diversification of fish resources.
In turn, the State Environmental Service, on the basis of this expert assessment, decides on the amount and type of compensation.
The annual compensation of Latvenergo in the program for the recovery of fish resources is EUR 1 035 000.
In the spring of 2016 Latvenergo, in cooperation with the "We zivīm" association, for the fifth year, places 400 spawning nurseries of artificial fish in the Daugava at Kaibal and Ikšķile.
Cooperating with the association in promoting natural fish spawning is an additional initiative supported by Latvenergo within the framework of the program for the renewal of fish resources.
The placement of artificial spawning nests in a reservoir is an important measure contributing to the conservation and reproduction of fish resources in the Daugava.
The "Sanssouci Concert Hall" Festival is a country courtyard, a forest, a felling area.
Lie in the tent, eating as a restaurant, walking around and listening to chamber music exploring the peace of nature - this is the combination of the alternative chamber music festival in Sansui, which is already calling for the third summer in Akniste.
The festival will take place in Susi - an already non-existent village - in the former courtyard of the courtyard, next to the forests and fellows.
On three days, August 12-14, five stages can combine the sophisticated enjoyment of natural and academic music.
Here with music there is a theater and contemporary circus, performances and installations.
Opera and academic music, especially in its latest manifestations, find new audiences in a free and open environment without concert hall rigidity.
The distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but just a few minutes to the smile on the face and ease.
"Please do not look for the program because we deliberately chose not to publish it before, so people do not go to a particular event or artist, because the real Sansui flavor can be captured only by spending it all three days," says the initiator and host of the festival, Armands Silins.
The festival's gates will be played on Friday at 17.00 and the first concert will be at 19.00.
Of course, there will be programs with all the information on the site.
For those who want to choose one day, we recommend Saturday because it is the most sophisticated one - from 9:00 AM until dawn.
"Artist names are available on the website www.sansusi.lv," says Armands Silins.
The grandiose bouquet of artists includes, for example, violinist Eva Bindere, cello Kristine Blaumane, opera star Inga Kalna, clarinet Guntis Kuzma, trumpet Janis Porietis, pianist Reinis Zarins, quartets Quadra and RIX, and even Estonian acrobat Grete Gross, who together with Latvian musicians Erik Kirschfeld, Martins Zilberts and actress Anci Strazdu has created a contemporary circus show Confines for the artist's inner struggle.
New festivals have also been created for the festival.
In the play "Kukainis" by F.Kafka, narrated by Olesya Kozlovska and Jekabs Niemanis, composed by F. Kafka, the composer composed the motifs of Transformation, together with Armand Siliņš, the entomologist (insect explorer) Uģis Piterāns will participate in musicians and actors.
Oscar Herlińs has composed the first String Quartet, while Anna Kirse - Tree Opera, whose main characters, directed by André Kalnozole with Catherine Neiburg's video projections, and Andra Eglītis's scenography will be trees in three small puddings of three hectares of broad bark.
Singing in the voice of Laima Lediņa, Dinara Rudāne and Zigmara Graša, they will enter into romantic relationships, as in the study of the Tree's wedding (1729) by a Swedish natural scientist Charles Linney in the Enlightenment.
Rio de Janeiro Olympics today launches seven of Laura Ikauniece-Admidins, one of the biggest hopes of the Latvian delegation.
Ikauniece-Admidina at 15.35 after Latvian time will start the race 100 meters in the barrier, but at 16.50 there will be an upgrade race.
On the other hand, at noon on Saturday, the start of the bullet will start at 2.35, while at 4.00 - 200 meters sprint.
Seven-day races will be closed on Saturday when the long-distance race, whipping and the 800-meter race run.
Prior to the Olympics, Ikauniece-Admidina, who won last year's bronze medal in the world championship, was named as an Olympic medal candidate.
In May, Latvian set a new national record (6622 points) and won second place in the prestigious seven-match competition in the city of Gecis in Austria.
Ikauniece-Admidina also participated in the London 2012 Olympic Games, when she won the ninth place with a repeated Latvian record.
In the last year and eighteen years, the athlete has corrected the national record four times.
Today, at 16.00, the Latvian judo wrestler Artur Nikiforenko, who starts in the weight category above 100 kilograms, is scheduled to be kicked off in the first round by taking the fight with the Azerbaijani athlete, Ushangi Kukur.
For Judith, this will be the first Olympics career.
The agency LETA has already reported that on Thursday, a Latvian judo wrestler Eugene Borodavko was in the first fight in a weight class up to 100 kilograms.
He conceded to Japan Hagu Rjunoski, who later won the bronze.
In 2000, Vsevolod Zeleny brought the Olympic bronze medal to Latvia, but in the next four Olympic games, Latvian rivals in seven battles together won only one victory that was made directly in London by Borodavko.
At 16.30, after the Latvian time, Dainis Upelnieks will start shooting at the stand for shooting, but the selection will end on Saturday.
The climber received the Olympic call sign on the day the Latvian delegation was officially announced, but later he told the LETA that he had been quite safe about driving since April.
An athlete arrived at the Olympiad as one of the first Latvian athletes, trying to make the most of the training opportunities in the competition shooting camp.
At 19.05, after Latvian time, three trips will be completed by the debutante of the Olympic Games, the 17-year-old Latvian sailor Katie Birzule, who is competing for sailing for surfboards in RS: X class.
After three days or nine rides, Birzule is currently ranked 25th in the overall score of 26 athletes.
On the other hand, a decisive final race for medals will take place on Saturday.
Today, it is also planned to take part in the academic competition, where Sanitai Pušpurei, the representative of Ireland, is to take part.
On Wednesday, the race was canceled due to bad weather conditions.
Pussypour will take part in the C / D semifinals for eleven ladies in 19/10, fighting for the 13th place in the Olympiad.
On Tuesday in a quarter-finals, she won fourth place, from the third position, which allowed him to continue the fight for the medal, lagging behind for just 0.65 seconds.
Pushup won the 13th place four years ago in London, when he also represented Ireland.
Today, 24 sets of medals will be distributed in the Olympic Games - archery, athletics, cycling, riding, biking, jumping, judo, academic rowing, shooting, swimming, tennis and weightlifting.
Raid claims if Clinton will be elected president, then she will appoint Garland as a judge of the Supreme Court.
Sen. Democrats leader Harry Reid is convinced that if she becomes president, she will nominate Merike Garland as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
The Senate Republican Party has blocked Garland's approval since March, when it was nominated by President Obama.
Senate majority leader Michaele McConnel said that the next president would choose who will replace the current Supreme Court judge Antonin Skaliu.
On Thursday, during his conference, Raid announced he was confident that Clinton would choose Garland.
Reid's spokeswoman later said he had not personally talked about Clinton on this topic, and that's just speculation.
He praised Garland and said that the Clinton team would not want to "shake a boat" with another choice.
Garland is the Chief Justice of the United States District Court of the District of Columbia.
Raid said that the Republicans blocking Garland's nomination are "entangled" and act in the interests of the Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trampa.
He also said that Tramps was not suitable for the presidency.
Treats Announces Nail Photography Calendar for Women and Men.
The Treats magazine will collaborate with photographer David Belermy to create the 2017 calendar for Pirreli in the 70s of the last century.
In its 2017 NU Muse Calendar, it is planned to showcase new supermodels, not barefoot celebrities.
Earlier this year, Trev State President Steve Shaw announced that his erotic art magazine is different from the old-fashioned Playboy because Playboy is a men's magazine.
This magazine is for women.
It looks like he is talking about a calendar too.
In a press release about creating a calendar, the show says, "We have to go back to the showing of endless and classic nudity in pictures where the woman's body does not mix, but inspires both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a great art work.
Models can send their photos electronically or personally to castling sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
In Rembat, the buyer tries out a motorcycle.
On August 10 at 10:00, the State Police informed the motorcycle "Yamaha YZ250" stolen from a house in the courtyard in Rembate civil parish.
The owner of the motorcycle wanted to sell the car with the help of the announcement.
When a potential buyer arrives at the time, he ascends to the motorcycle as if to try and leave.
The employees of the Ogre Police Station of the Riga City Regional Police in the State Police are asking anyone who can provide any information relevant to the investigation in connection with the crime.
Please call: 65002403 (during working hours) or 65002400 (round the clock).
Anonymity for information providers is guaranteed.
Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate - video review
Scientists have argued that Greenland sharks are the longest life of all vertebrates on our planet.
Shark explorer Julius Nielsen says that the longevity record belongs to a female, which could be 272 to 512 years old and five meters long.
The French court rejects the requirement to demolish the shops at the Jungle refugee camp.
The French court rejected the Calais authorities' request to demolish dozens of self-created shops and restaurants at the Jungle Camp, home to several thousand refugees.
At the hearing this week in Calais, the authorities indicated that the country should demolish 72 self-made boutiques, where people sell various goods like cigarettes and energy drinks in the camp area, offer hairdressing services, teas for 50 cents (40p), and simple meals for some euros in self-catering restaurants.
Calais Prefect Office said that these self-created companies must be demolished, as they form the shadow economy and do not pay taxes, and also create fire and sanitary risks.
The humanitarian group explained to the court that these small businesses are essential because food provided by governments and support groups does not provide the needs of the camp where the number of residents continues to rise.
They also pointed out that self-developed shops and restaurants often offer shelter and food for those who need it most.
Upon hearing the court ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people who created 72 self-made shops, but it understands the concerns of the Prefect of Calais.
Judge Jean-François Molla said food, coffee and restaurants play a bigger role than simply providing food to people living in "extremely poor conditions."
He pointed out that these places are a peaceful meeting place for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places at risk of demolition is the "Jungle Book Kids" campus café, which provides over 200 free meals per day, English and French lessons, and provides asylum advice to hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition for the protection of children's cafes.
The letter addressed to the Guardian indicates that the liquidation of the café would "be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charity organizations "Refugee Assistance" and "L'Auberge des Migrants" reported that the number of residents of the Jungle Camp had grown to 9,000, the highest since the sharp influx of migrants in the summer.
Britain gets silver in the rugby-7 series, when the Fiji national team masterfully wins gold.
The spectacular performance of the British team in the rugby-7 series ended on Thursday, when the Rio Fiji division defeated them with a score of 43: 7 in the fascinating final race at Deodoro Stadium.
Fiji demonstrated masterclasses in the management of the ball, kicking the ball, supporting the game and brute force playing gold - the first Olympic medal in its history.
Sakavad brought a respectable comforting prize - the silver medal that was the third UK medal today. The British team can be proud of its success in the first Olympic Rugby-7 tournament where they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The hard fight in the semi-finals, in which the Boxing team defeated a score of 7: 5 in the first half, was likely to break into the UK's finals.
But in any case, the Fijian team is currently in its best shape to win the 15 men's team.
Although unlikely, however, a certain consolation for Britain might be the fact that at least one British have won a gold medal. This is Fiji's head coach Ben Raien, a former England coach from Wimbledon.
It was a fascinating adventure for Britain.
Eight years ago, under Ryan's leadership, they lost all games at the Adelaide Rugby-7 Series.
This time they lost only one game.
Sacrament is painful, but growth is amazing.
Fiji struck a spectacular start in the match, shaking hands with the British forces.
Captain Tom Mitchell and his comrades were tied up with several opposing buses and World Series Champions ran in the lead with a 5-0 lead when Osea Collinsau got the first landing.
Jerry Tuwai increased their lead even more in the last four minutes by landing in the right wing.
Score 12: 0 and the British team did not even really hit the ball.
Michel's magnificent strength did not allow Le Bon Nacre to score three points, but only slightly affected Fiji's score.
In the seventh minute of the game, Jasa Veremalua scored in the right-hand corner of the draw, gaining a lead over England to 17: 0.
After the upswing, Nakarava further increased the lead and had left more than a minute for the end ... the end of the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou escaped some of the inaccessible British forces and crossed the line by earning points.
Grounding ensured a score of 29: 0.
It seemed that Fiji was born to play rugby-7 matches while the British are still learning.
In fact, this is also true.
The British team made a solid turnaround in half, breaking the line of Fiji players ... full of four minutes, which was good after the first half, until Joshua Tuisova, after a fantastic team-run, got a few more points for the Fiji team.
Denham Norton managed to score points in favor of the British team by landing in the left corner and score 36: 7, but the game was already lost, while the South Sea Islanders fans sang, fluttered the flags and danced in the stands.
One can not help but bewilder the livelier attitude of Fiji.
Mata Viliame made Fiji even more palatable with another landing at the end of the game.
Fiji was able to start celebrating the end of the game, but the Britons, after defeat, were able to sit in the grass.
In the first half of the day, Fiji won Japan 20-5 with a score of 20: 5, while the British were superior to South Africa, where both teams lost ground on the ground and the South Africans lost just a few points.
In the first half, Kyle Brown was promoted to Boxing, but in the second half Dens Norton crossed the line with brilliant craftsmanship and delivered the ball between the legs, giving the British victory.
Markus Watson, who is the brother of England's Rugby-15 team player Antony, was a great player at the end of the game, giving the team victory and another silver medal.
Co-founder of Cancer has inspired Helene Glover and Heteror Stan's victory in rowing competitions.
It will be the most emotional gold medal in this race and it already has a lot to say.
From the first to the last, Helen Glover and Hester Stanzas golden glow played a special role on the Estacio da Lagoa route.
Although only two athletes are on board, they were accompanied by the echo of Robin Williams, who inspired them to win the Second Olympic Gold medal for women in pair winning, becoming the first women in British sports history to make such progress.
She was undoubtedly dominant, as she succeeded in unbeaten 39th time, an unprecedented victory.
Both great sportsmen with swan elegance sliding across the surface of the water do not fully reflect this triumph.
There is a solid team behind each golden medal in order to keep athletes steadily improving their performance, and the greatest contribution to their success is given by a trainer who, 30 months ago, did not know whether he would experience this day because he was found to have cancer.
According to him, it disappeared as quickly as it appeared.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of those that can be operated and it happened.
Failure to do so would spread throughout the body.
And the situation would become uncontrollable.
It slightly changes your vision.
Williams cancer was discovered in December 2013.
This trio was lucky that Will was able to start a recovery procedure at the start of the 2014 interlude and to reduce the length of the break to a minimum, if that is the case.
I needed income, so I quickly recovered.
It stimulated recovery.
I was in a hospital and I went 6, 10 and even 15 meters long, although the doctor said that it would be enough just a few steps.
It all started.
Rowing itself is a challenge, but this time it was even bigger.
After the victory, the first thought was about Williams, who was very anxious all morning and spoke more than usual on the excitement.
Stanya, who served in the Royal Artillery unit in Afghanistan, said, "This was an emotionally hard week, but that means a lot to me."
It only confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have worked for.
Helen and Robin's 3 years have been great.
Without Robina, we would not have reached anything, so thank you so much, he's the best coach in the world.
I can not imagine a better workout member or better coach.
Helen Glover and Hether Staning have not lost in any race for five years.
The couple reaches such a tremendous speed with which competitors can not compete.
Even in the last 500 meters, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, Stan and Glover's predominance was too great.
We felt every moment.
Helen yelled: "Keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not losing concentration is really important.
We managed a good start, but at the same time we did not have high expectations.
That day, we did not intend to override the record, but simply run well and win the race, and we did it too.
Relax a couple of years to decide what to do next.
Next month, there will be a Glover and television adventure seeker, Steve Bashal's wedding.
She just wants to enjoy a moment.
I did not mean to say that these were my last race.
It would have been too much pressure.
In London, I needed about six months to understand that I am an Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very worried.
This took about four minutes.
She said: "The feeling is fantastic."
A unique opportunity to see the fantastic architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library.
Find out more about Central Library, as the Society of Southern California Architects' Historians arranges a meeting with Arnold Schwarzman and Steven Jay, authors of the Los Angeles Central Library: History of Art and Architecture.
Jay and Schwarzmann plan to discuss and display images featuring the 1926 Berthaam Gudhue design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Hardy Holtman's Feifer team supplements.
The meeting will take place on August 21 from 14:00 to 16:00 in Salle Moderne Hall, Art Deco Divinity Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Boulevard.
Visitors will be able to see the central hall, the exposition room, the cactus hall and the tea room.
Tickets must be purchased in advance, SAH / SCC members are $ 15; the remaining $ 25.
The lovely and cozy DTLA lofts experience a cozy change,
Celebrating the 90th Anniversary of the Central Library of Los Angeles - with something else - as a new book!
Kolegovs will head the SRS head "to the last".
According to him, now Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Union of Greens and Farmers) and Finance Minister Dan Reizniece-Ozolai (Union of Greens and Farmers) are already "fundamentally important" to approve candidates for the position of the Head of the Ministry of Finance for running Kolegovs.
Rajewski said that the approval of the head of the SRS for both Kuczyn and Razniece-Ozols in this government is "the first big decision" that may affect their future as politicians.
If now the position is changed in the choice of the candidate for the position of the SRS, then it will negatively affect their image in public administration.
The agenda of the next week sitting of the Cabinet of Ministers includes the issue of the transfer of the head of the SSE Kolegov to the Director General of the SRS, according to the Government's agenda.
The Finance Minister of Reizniece-Ozola was led by Koegovs SRS as head of office after Ināra Pētersone's resignation from the service and when the competition for the post of Director General of the SRS ended without result.
On Sunday, August 11, the executive director of the State Revenue Service, Dace Pelēka, in an interview with Latvian Radio, admitted - if she was offered a candidate for a managerial position, she would agree.
The Minister of Finance later acknowledged that no other candidates for the position of the Head of the State Revenue Service were yet to be considered.
Also, the head of the Saeima faction of the National Association, Raivis Dzintars, acknowledged that the NA is still in favor of Koegov's SRS headquarters.
In Spain, the ability to reduce the budget deficit is threatened by the inability to set up a government.
Before the 12th of July, the European Commission (EC) came forward with an opinion that Spain and Portugal failed to take sufficient measures to reduce the budget deficit to the eurozone's 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) demand.
The calculations show that, despite the austerity measures implemented, the Portuguese deficit at the end of last year was 4.4% of GDP, while in Spain it was 5.1%.
However, the European Commission decided not to impose economic sanctions on both countries, while at the same time setting fiscal targets for the near future.
One of the reasons why the EC, however, did not impose sanctions on both of these countries is the increasing Euro-skepticism in many European Union countries.
Additional sanctions would only increase such negative sentiment.
Critics, however, point out that the EC is not consistent in its decisions from the beginning by agreeing on common rules and then failing to apply them in life.
For example, the President of the German Bundesbank, Jens Veidmann, said that Europe loses its credibility to itself, creating a perception among citizens that the European Union's rules are recommendatory and not binding.
The EC has now proposed and all Member States have approved to extend the deadline for the correction of the deficit by Portugal by the end of this year and Spain by 2018.
The European Commission is promising to check the progress made by both countries in the coming months, while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal should be prepared to introduce further austerity measures if circumstances so require.
Initial projections indicate that the Portuguese target could be reached at a set time, and this year the budget deficit could drop to 2.5% of GDP.
This means that within the framework of the Stability Program, the government of this country needs to implement austerity measures of 0.25% of GDP this year.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, with a focus on controlling the cost of procuring goods and services.
In the case of Spain, the situation is much more complicated.
This year, the budget deficit has to be reduced to 4.6%, next year - to 3.1% and in 2018 - to 2.2% of GDP.
Moreover, in the next two years, consolidation measures should amount to 0.5% of GDP each year.
The achievement of these goals is particularly complicated by the fact that for eight months the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the establishment of a government, and it is becoming increasingly possible for Spain to hold an early parliamentary election for the third time in a year.
However, public opinion polls suggest that the third election would not significantly change the political scene in the country.
The most popular party is still the current People's Party, led by Prime Minister Mariano Raho, who would receive an incomplete 33% vote again.
Its popularity has only slightly increased by socialists, while the popularity of the "Podemos" or "Total We Can" and "Ciudadanos" or "Citizens" parties that are auspicious, has slightly diminished.
The People's Party wants to get the socialists and Ciudadanos involved in the government this month, otherwise it will not be possible until mid-October to accept and submit to the European Commission for approval the draft budget for 2017.
As Rapporteur Hernando of the People's Party's parliamentary faction announced, if the government is set to fail and parliamentary elections will be held for the third time, Spain will become a semblance of the whole of Europe.
The purity of the beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
During the fifth year of surveying the beaches, the activists have concluded that unfortunately the number of discovered waste is increasing annually, and most of the bathing visitors are responsible for this.
The most polluted bathing areas are in Riga.
The Metropolitan's House explains that bathing is being cleaned every day, but it's hard to fight against unclean visitors.
In addition, waste left on land may be buried in the water during rain, thus greatly damaging its quality.
Apart from Liepaja Beach and some places in Kurzeme, the purity of the beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
This announcement was circulated by Volunteers of the "My Sea" campaign this week.
Measuring the road along the Gulf of Riga for fifteen years, activists have concluded that the amount of waste left by the population has risen every hundred meters.
Unfortunately, this critical evaluation has come down this year.
"We see that this will be the year when the amount of waste on the beach of 100 meters may even exceed 200 units," says Janis Ulme, a representative of the expedition "My Sea".
Latvian Radio was called, he was on the Tuva Beach, where a voluntary march along the Gulf of Riga continues.
This year, among the various household waste and picnic leftovers, activists had to collect even fluorescent lamps that were left in the sea of sand.
Humming participant and organizer Ulme say polluting people are directly responsible.
"The main source is the beaches themselves, because more than half of the total amount of waste is plastic, various wastes, from bags, pieces of plastic that are already in the decomposition, can no longer be identified, and stomachs, bottles, cork," says Ulme.
Among the dirty beaches is also the beaches in Riga.
For example, in Daugavgriva, almost 800 waste units are collected on average every 100 meters, which is a critical part.
Campaign organizers also explain that cigarette snakes are everywhere and everywhere there are signs of warning or prohibition.
"The average figures for all three bathing places in Riga - Daugavgriva, Vakarbulli and Vecāķi - unfortunately are big and far exceed the desired or target, which Latvia is moving in, by 2020, to reduce the number of waste units to 135 units," concludes the environmental advocate.
Cleaning baths in Riga every day, even on the hottest days of the summer, explains Uģis Vidauskis, the council's representative.
However, the fight against dirty visitors is quite difficult.
We are returning to the cultural issue of these people.
"For those who peck, drink alcohol, smoke and do all those things that must not, even the special signs do not work," says Vidauskis.
Therefore, Vidauskis invites bathing visitors to report pollutants to the police.
You can call the police, safely point out these violations and thus fight everyone.
Maybe some new warnings can be made, but, as I said, it is unlikely that it will radically change the situation.
"As everyone simply has to go and be intolerant of such offenders," he emphasizes.
Meanwhile, the water quality measurements this summer have already been performed for the fourth time by the Health Inspectorate, which may impose a ban on official bathing areas.
This year, however, as in other years, water quality is good and satisfactory everywhere.
At present, the water quality has always been good in all 56 bathing areas and there is no bathing limit.
"For the last time, we will take analyzes at the end of August," says Normunds Kadiķis, Senior Inspectorate on Environmental Health.
During heavy rainstorms, landfilled waste can be buried in water.
This, in turn, can affect its quality, according to the environmental specialist.
The rotation in the Russian elite continues - changing the head of Putin's administration.
Herself lost his job?
Vladimir Putin told the Russian media that Sergei Ivanov had wanted to leave this post and would continue to be the President's special representative for nature conservation, ecology and transport.
Announcing the changes, Putin paid tribute to Ivanov in front of television cameras: "Dear Sergei Borisovich, we have been working with you for many years and we are doing it successfully."
I am satisfied with how you fulfill your responsibilities.
I remember well about our agreement not to use you for this post of President of the Administration for more than four years.
Therefore, I understand with understanding your desire to change the field of action.
And I hope that in the new post you will use your knowledge and experience in full.
However, it is highlighted that the administration of the presidency is a very important position, which made Ivanov one of the most influential people in the country.
Taking into account the fact that Russia's next National Duma elections are scheduled for next month, rumors that this step is connected with the struggle for power in the Russian political elite.
Ivanov was also named Putin as a substitute for the post of President, so the claim that he himself wanted to be a presidential representative in the field of nature conservation and transport raised doubts.
According to the Lsm.lv archive, Ivanov is the Chief of Staff of the KGB and Federal Security Service.
Ivanov has been an old and close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He started his career in special services in 1975, where he met Putin.
Later, when Putin became head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
In turn, the first Russian president, Boris Yeltsin, was appointed secretary of the Russian Security Council.
In 2000, after Putin came to power, Ivanov's "Information Security Doctrine" developed by Ivanov was approved, which included, among other things, the revival of state censorship mechanisms in Russia.
In 2001, Sergei Ivanov became a Russian defense minister, but already in 2005 - as Deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov and was responsible for the development of Russian defense industry companies and arms exports.
Now, after leaving the post of presidential administration, Ivanov will also remain in the Russian National Security Council, where the new head of the presidential administration Vaino will work.
The guilt comes from the family of the Soviet party elite.
The position of the head of the presidential administration, Vaino, was advocated by Ivanov himself.
We have been familiar with Anton Eduardovich for a long time.
Even from the times when we were in government under your leadership.
And over the last five years we have been communicating practically every day.
"Therefore, I am convinced that after all the professional and personal qualities he is ready for this job," said Ivanov.
The guilt comes from a family belonging to the elite of the Soviet party.
His grandfather Karl took high positions in the Estonian Communist Party, including ten years before, until 1988, was his first secretary.
The Internet publication Meduza, with reference to the book "Estonia's Self-Determination and Independence," writes that, at the end of the 80's, Karl Vaino had asked Moscow to authorize the use of force against demonstrators.
However, he received a refusal and soon lost his post.
Shortly thereafter, Vaino has moved to live in Moscow.
Anton Vaino graduated from the Moscow Institute of International Relations and managed the Japanese language.
However, he has left the diplomatic service to work in the office of the President of the Protocol.
It has already been said that the recent unfinished Russia has been shaken by the dismissal of several high-ranking officials and even by arrests, including the change of governorates and federal representatives of several districts.
According to political scientists, President Vladimir Putin reorganized the ruling elite before the upcoming elections in 2018.
One of the main features is that representatives of power structures are increasingly taking on leading positions.
Judo wrestler Nikiforenko also loses the Olympic Games in the first fight.
This was a battle in the first round, and the Latvian judo wrestler completed his participation in the Olympic Games, finishing on the 17th place.
Trainer Oleg Baskin told the Latvian Television that Nikiforenko had very little hope, and this was already clear before the competition.
He also discovered that the judo wrestler struck his shoulder injury.
Significantly, in order to be on the Olympic road sign, Nikiforenko had to start in a different weight category than usual - in the weight category up to 100 kilograms.
The Azerbaijani wrestler was 25 kilograms heavier.
It has already been said that Eugene Borodavko in the weight class up to 100 kilograms against Rjunosuki stood for two and a half minutes until the opponent succeeded in a pure winning goal.
Consequently, Latvia has concluded a judo competition in Rio.
Dreams disappear in the sand of Rio.
Thursday was judged by Yevgeny Borodavko.
Yes, his opposite was the most titular opponent, but the ambitious sometimes can surprise.
He did not give up.
The task of Artur Nikiforenko was even more complicated, because the experience is less and the opponent is also respectable.
The outcome was similar, even though he survived a tatami a minute and a half longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, Latvian ambassadors just recently lack the most.
Since the management of the federation Gunars Kirsons and his financial stature Vladimir Shestakov passed away, Aleksandrs Jackevičs left Latvia, Golden Score no longer takes place - the judo's progress is on a downward curve.
Jackevich, who advises Kazakh jailers here, and Vsevolod Zelonij do not see the heirs.
But if you do not grow up, it will not be.
And this is the federation's prerogative.
Therefore, as from the other galaxy "Rīta panorāma", the Latvian Judo Federation President's promise to Rio was to win medals.
The flight is far from reality.
In the evening, we were looking forward to the beach volleyball match Samoilov / Smeddins-Evandru / Pedro Solberg.
Intrigue as in the "death" group - the losers of the game have run out.
The Latvian duet had a slight deviation - it could have lost, but no more than four points in two sets.
The tense upgraded was a long lasting game.
No one wanted to die - this feeling over a windy card was stirred throughout the match.
For the players, the raging wind created additional difficulties.
At first it seemed like it could be our ally - our most comprehensive one.
But did not become.
It was quite easy to play against the Latvian duo here.
Serves so much on Samoilov and wait for him to break.
The Cuban broke against Canada at the end of the first set and at the third beginning, because the load was not a joke.
The fish could fish during that time, because there was little work, but when it was, they did it for their delight.
Brazilian Samoilov could win Smedin in two sets, as the first took over the lead at 16:15, however, the 16 also remained, expanding the lost point limit.
But they could lose with 0: 2, as the second set defeat was -4, however, also thanks to the wind, managed to win.
The third was already on the edge of Evandru's mark.
The chain was formed - incredibly assumed to serve, the second pass often flies too close to the net, and Samoilov remained very few options for a successful attack.
If there was a stranger to Samoilov against the Cubans on the field, then this time he was more successful, and it would be unprofessional only for the loss of the Saxony lead.
Krezil was also mistaken, and quite symbolically that he was hit by the last block in the ball.
Losing team.
This time there was definitely a lack of success: in the third set, only two Evandra attacks almost flew out of the card, but the ball, however, hit the line.
Two runs were next to the line.
The video episode in question also resolved in favor of the opponents.
If in the first two games, Evandru played with servings, then they were very productive for us.
All together were added to the table.
Now we must calmly analyze the causes of the failure.
Perhaps it was necessary for many to live next to the stadium, not together with the delegation in the Olympic village.
It took two and a half hours to go.
Perhaps somewhat self-confident was given by the seven semi-final series.
Maybe Klagenfurt did not have to play, but get here faster and acclimatize better.
Perhaps there was a mistake finding a sporty form.
So far the question is more than answers.
Our soccer players are out.
The medieval dream is over.
What next?
There are some remaining World Cup tournaments and also Jurmala "Masters".
Smile with Samoilov has never been friends and will not be, because there are too different personalities.
But that is also not needed.
When the dream of the Olympic medal collapses, it may be thought of as a divorce, because the fault will be sought not only for themselves but also for the partner.
It is not difficult to make a decision, but it will be much more difficult to find a worthy partner in Latvia.
Both brothers play the bout, but John and Tom have already tried and gutted, while Mikhail Samoilov is still too green to begin to conquer the peaks of the world.
One can try Harald Regge, Alexander Solovey, Edgar Touche, to return to Martina Pļaviņa, but it will not be better than this option, which proved itself not only at the stages of the World Cup.
Kopakaban sand did not smile to them this time.
And everything.
Of course, it should also be taken into account that the beach volleyball is becoming more popular, young couples are entering the game, and only a rare height is less than two meters.
It does not guarantee success, but it is an important argument in the fight for victory.
Ours do not stay longer.
Both athletes and journalists have the opportunity to sit in the places offered by game organizers and to choose their own.
The US basketball team lives on a cruise ship, part of the tennis player is not in the Olympic village.
Also, part of the beach volleyball player has found a hotel in Copacabana.
At this time, pricey offerings for journalists offered to very modest accommodations were strongly overestimated.
Therefore, the choice fell on the rent of apartments.
The risk is, because at times they may be uncomfortable from the logistics point of view.
This time the risk justifies.
Together with Vladimir Vladimirovich, we rent apartments on the Kopakaban and Ipanema borders.
The beach is 200 meters away, and the boat arena is half an hour's walk away.
The district is fairly safe because of the favel's illness, but alertness can not be lost either here.
Vladimirs Vladimirovich is not something that some people imagine at the moment, but the most professional sports journalist in the Russian media Vladimir Ivanov.
P.S. It looks like another dream of a medal was fired on Friday morning.
Laura Ikauniece-Admidina lags behind her personal records in a 100 meter high barrier and high-bar.
But there are still five disciplines.
After a 10-year break, Porgy and Besa read in Liepaja.
In Latvia, the opera Porgy and Besa took place in 1973 in the Latvian National Opera.
Since then, the internationally recognized masterpiece has not been re-creased.
That's why the organizers of the Cesis Arts Festival and the Liepāja Art Forum decided in close cooperation to give the audience the opportunity to enjoy the Georgian Gershwin Shader.
"We are very pleased that after a ten-year break when Liepaja was able to enjoy opera production for the last time, this great concert version of George Gershwin's" Porgy and Besa "opera will be enjoyed at our new, newly opened concert hall" Great Amber ", says Baiba Bože, the head of the Concert Hall" Great Amber ".
Opera "Porgy and Besa" is a story about love, its instability, passion, as well as domestic tragedies and simple daily pleasures, in a bright musical language.
It reflects African-American vitality, music and rhythm.
It is precisely this lack of political correctness in this opera, this exclusion of tolerance makes it so alive.
"And yes, this love story is extremely powerful, extremely beautiful and in some way really deep," says director Viesturs Kairišs.
The one that I like the most is when listening to or playing this opera there are always stops - famous tunes, famous motifs, but these transitions from one character to the other, illuminating one character or the other character, or choir or orchestra.
"This is the most exciting, this building," the opera evaluates the musical director and conductor Andris Poga of the opera "Porgy and Besa" concert production.
Opera visitors are in agreement that this is a grand event.
They are very pleased to hear the world-famous operetta of Gurshwin.
Blessed is that in Liepaja it is possible for the world to breathe.
"Performance professional", the opera is appreciated by the visitor Edgars Lams.
The concert production was special because the newly opened concert hall "Lielais dzintars" played the orchestra for the first time in the orchestra pit and for the first time there was a concert performance for the opera.
The renovated building of the Art Museum could be called on behalf of Jahn Rozenthal.
Deputy Mayor Andris Ameriks announced at the opening ceremony of the Rozenthal anniversary that the future address of the museum could be not Krišjāņa Valdemāra iela 10a, but Jaņa Rozentāla Square 1.
The director of the museum, Māra Lāce, acknowledged that the re-registration of the address would create a considerable bureaucratic burden, but overall, this idea was welcomed and therefore agreed to the suggestion of the municipality.
The city of Riga forms a foundation stone for this idea in 1936, creating a monument to Burkhart Dziña to Jan Rozenthal, who stands at the museum.
The then director of the museum, Vilhelms Purvītis, was one of the initiators of this monument.
In this way, this further action could be purely logical.
My conscience is a bit shattered all the time - but Wilhelm Purvitis, where do we say his name ?!
"But if you, Mr. America, promise to think" ... said Lace.
It was said that the National Museum of Art, after its extensive reconstruction and modernization, officially opened its doors this May.
This week will finally start the reconstruction of the VEF Culture Palace.
The "Velve" Ltd. will restore the stake for approximately 11 million Euros.
It is planned to renovate several castle premises, including two spectator halls, and to adapt the building to people with reduced mobility.
The Riga City Council intends to attract EUR 6 million in European Union funds to the project, however, Oleg Burov, Director of the Riga City Council's Property Department, acknowledges that there is still no clear sense of the European funds for the project.
"Despite the fact that the political will to start the repair works of the VEF Cultural Palace by attracting European Structural Funds is, we are waiting for months, real action from officials of the Ministry of Finance, whether it will be allocated or not," says Burovs.
Last December, we were told that everything depends on Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Ministry of Finance received a letter from the European Commission that you decide for yourself that Brussels does not make a decision here.
Now we see that another round of discussions is emerging, then, let's see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council will undoubtedly guarantee that this process will be initiated and completed within the deadlines," says Burov.
It has already been reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, the VEF Culture Palace organized a farewell concert immediately before the immediate renovation of the upcoming building.
Although the year passed, the renovation of the building was still not started and collectively continued to work under inappropriate conditions.
In the strategy of the Riga City Council's Property Department, the renovation of the VEF Culture Palace is divided into seemingly independent redevelopment works, each of which will ensure the implementation of different functions of the castle.
The first is to increase accessibility of the VEF Culture Palace and to improve the surrounding area.
It is planned to arrange the surroundings and utilities, as well as to restore the facade of the building.
The second is to improve the supply of VEF Culture Palace services.
It plans to improve the interior, walls and ceiling of the building, the improvement of the studio of stage and sound recording, as well as to organize the internal engineering communications of the building.
Third, improving the working environment of creative amateur collectives, which includes plans to improve workshop equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before the 40th anniversary of Livu, the legendary rock band can be found at the exhibition in Liepaja.
The exhibition will feature various "Līvus" objects - photos arranged in a timeline to reflect the group's activities from the beginnings until 2010, when the group's activity is announced.
Participants will also be shown stage costumes, musical instruments, awards and concerts, as well as other things that have not yet been seen by the general public, reflecting the creative activity of the Livy group.
The exhibition will be supplemented with items from the collection of the Liepaja Museum.
The visual design of the exhibition was created in cooperation with the fashion designer and painter Elita Patmalniece.
Also, musicians who were associated with the group "Livi" and their relatives, responded to the invitation and shared both with objects and memories.
The origins of "Līvu" are in 1972, when the vocal instrumental ensemble, led by Juris Pavītols, is being created in the Liepāja Culture House.
The band, in its original composition, participated in the festival "Liepaja Amber" in 1972 and 1974, as well as in the performances of the city and republic.
In 1976, a fateful meeting took place when Juris Pavytols met Erik Ķigelis and founded a group at the Metalurg Palace of Culture, inviting him to join Ingrīda Gūtmanis, Andris Krūziņš and Janis Grodums.
Over the years, the group has been thinking more than once.
The participants have joined, others have gone their own way, some have returned.
However, the main thing - the desire to prove that Latvian rock music is able to live and exist - has remained unchanged.
"What to see was not bad - gnosis, hair and bearded, these boys were significantly different from the usual stereotype of the stage singer," says music reviewer Claes Vaver.
In the group without the aforementioned musicians, such outstanding musicians as Igo, Vilnis Krieviņš, Modris Šterns, Valdis Štarks, Laimis Rācenājs, Talis Pusbarnieks, Ainars Virga, Aivars Brīze, Guntars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Thomas Klein and many others have worked.
Entrance to the exhibition free of charge.
The exhibition is open from August 19 to October 30.
On the 27th of August in the Liepaja Concert Garden "Pūt, vējiņi" will take place the "Līvi" 40th anniversary celebration "LĪVIfest 2".
In Bulgaria, for the first time in 8 months, inflation is observed.
In July Bulgarian national statistics showed 1% monthly inflation.
This is the highest since 2012 and the first indicator above zero since October of the previous year, when it was positive (0.2%).
The average annual CPI inflation in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) was -0.8% compared to the previous year.
Consumer price index in July 2016, compared to the previous year, was 101.9% and the monthly average inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, inflation was -0.2% (July 2016 compared to December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2% compared to July 2015.
Compared to the previous month, in July 2016, prices for food products and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), entertainment and cultural events (6.3%), hotels and restaurants (1.2%), household goods and services (0.3%) were observed.
Prices fell for clothing and footwear (2.2%); housing equipment, household appliances and regular home cleaning (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the level of the previous month for alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Zbignev Stankevich: Time is coming, and the truth is risen.
Metropolitan Archbishop of Latvia, Catholic Church Zbignev Stankevich, in an interview to the Independent emphasizes that if we want to gain strength in life, the message of the Gospel should be put into its center.
For the power of truth is greater than the evil of uncleanness.
Many are already on their way to the reception of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the feast of Aglona.
What message do believers receive this year?
In recent years, the desire to lead the main worship service in Aglona has been expressed by the papal nuncio.
Consequently, the content of the main message is in his opinion.
The tragedy of the Cross is led by Bishop Janis Bulis as a kind of tradition.
He will also form his own message.
I was worshiping the famine worship the previous day.
Last year I turned to the Franciscan Franciscan Encyclical "Laudato si" and updated it in the enclosed common house, in the context of the Earth theme in Latvia.
This year ... Of course, I'm watching what's happening in the world and trying to react to it in my address.
My approach coincides with the church's recommendation that the message of the Gospel should be put into the heart of life.
It must be shown that the Gospel answers the most challenging problems of human life and gives him inspiration for a further path.
Then it spells people.
But in Cesis, in Lamp's discussion, you said that "return to the understanding of the full person".
What do you understand?
Does this mean that one removes the message from the church?
And does the church have such a return resource today?
In India's capital, a man dying at the edge of the road wears.
In the capital of India, nobody knows how to knock on a roadside man, knocked down by the road - it turns out that he slipped an hour off the road and then was robbed, reports the BBC.
It was reported that a man identified as Matthew was riding a rickshaw on the day and worked as a guard at night.
Matthew 5:30 in the morning went home on the road when his car struck him.
A record of observation cameras shows that the driver got out of the car to look at the victim, and then left.
After an hour, when nobody knows what a bleeding man is, she is robbed by a garnish.
A police officer arrived at the police station about 90 minutes after the scuffle, and the victim was taken to a hospital where he died of injuries.
Referring to his candidacy for the post of Director General of the State Revenue Service (VID), Inga Kolegova, the head of the State Environmental Service, has sheltered the government from falling, says associate professor Ojārs Skudra, Associate Professor of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Latvia.
Kolegov's explanation for the withdrawal of the candidature for controversy in the ruling coalition is due to the fact that she prevented the government from falling.
Anger in an interview with the agency LETA said that it was hard for him to imagine that Koelgov's candidacy would be supported next week at the government's "Unity" meeting.
Consequently, if the "Unity" ministers voted against, but Kolegov would still endorse the post, it would lead to the end of the government.
The expert also believes that before the announcement of the recall of the candidature, Kolegov has consulted both with the Minister of Finance Dan Reiznieci-Ozolu and the Prime Minister Maris Kuczins.
At the same time, it was also a concession to Unity, which strongly opposed her candidacy.
Predicting whether a suitable candidate would succeed in finding a suitable candidate, Skudra acknowledged that there are two options - either a compromise figure will be chosen, or the institution will continue to be led by Dace Peelek as the Director-General.
At the same time, he points out - if the Minister of Finance has so far argued that another candidate is not being considered, it is hint to Gray that he should not participate in the competition.
LETA has already informed that the head of the State Environmental Service Kolegova has decided to withdraw his candidacy for the post of Director General of the SRS.
On the grounds of the "unity" objection, the government postponed the approval of Kolegov to the Director General of the SRS on Tuesday for a week.
After the decision of the government to postpone the decision, Kolegova confirmed that he is still ready to become the head of the State Revenue Service.
However, later he changed his mind - on Friday, in a statement to Finance Minister Daniele Reizniece-Ozola, she indicated that she would withdraw her consent to being transferred to the position of the Head of the State Revenue Service and this is not an easy choice for her.
The press secretary of the Prime Minister, Māris Kucinska, Andrejs Vaivars, told the LETA that a new competition will be held for the position of the vacant Director General of the SRS.
In the center of Riga there was an accident involving a police car.
In the center of Riga this afternoon there has been a traffic accident involving the State Police car.
A police car with acoustic and light signals turned on to the highest category call, until a crossroads of Krišjāņa Barona and Dzirnavu Street collided with another car.
Police explain the circumstances, but initial information suggests that the other vehicle did not miss a police car.
In case of accident, a woman has suffered.
This year, the number of inhabitants has decreased in Riga
At the beginning of this year there were 638 784 inhabitants in Riga, which is 0.34% less than in the year when 641 000 people were officially registered in the capital city, the Central Statistical Bureau (CSB) informed LETA.
On the other hand, in terms of population, the capital of Latvia ranks 30th among the capital cities of the European Union (EU) and large cities with a population of more than one million.
According to the EU statistical office Eurostat, the largest proportion of women is in Riga - the capital of Latvia is the strongest first among the largest European cities with 127 women per 100 men.
In all three capitals of the Baltic States, the largest proportion of women in Europe's largest cities is: in Vilnius it is 123, while in Tallinn 121 women per 100 men.
A warning pictogram will be placed at the LNMM.
Alert signs - pictograms will be placed near the Latvian National Museum of Art (LNMM) in the coming days, Baiba Gailīte, Representative of the Riga City Council Property Department, told the LETA.
Currently, the museum has successfully closed the damage caused by skateboarding.
Alert pictograms will be placed in the next few days.
It will tell people that the pavement tends to be slippery in the rain and during snow, you can not move around with cars, or ride bicycles, roller skates and skateboards.
Ushakov also wrote about that social network on Facebook, who said that no security risks would cause damage, but "look unobtrusive", and skateboards "will have to drive".
Celebration for children and parents - New children's playgrounds were installed in Riga.
During this summer season, Riga Municipality has installed even two new playgrounds in the city, Ķīpsala and Čiekurkalns, which are currently available to children.
A wide, multifunctional playboat with various climbing elements, bridges, games, trubs and slides is installed on the beach at Kipsala.
The playground is for children of all ages.
There are also swings and various balancing elements in the field.
The fantasy world for small boats is an attraction on the shores of the Daugava, with a view of the passenger port and the cruise ships visible there.
In turn, a playhouse, a trampoline, a treadmill, a steady bridge, swings, playballs and other game elements, as well as a gymnasium with rings for strength and coordination training, along with other sporting elements, are installed on the playground between the 4 and 5th crossroads of Čiekurkalns.
Under the square there is a rubber cover in different colors.
To the playground, a new colorful pavement is laid out on the street.
The reconstructed road section is open in honey.
The Minister of Transport Uldis Augulis, the management of the Latvian State Roads (LVC), as well as the builders SIA Binders and representatives of local governments, today discovered the section of the reconstructed state main road Russia border (Grebneva) -Resekne-Daugavpils-Lithuania border (Medium) (A13) from Medumi to the border of Lithuania (156.4-163.05 km).
Roads are a national business card, especially border roads, so it is especially gratifying to discover a reconstructed section on the border with our southern neighbors.
This is another example of the fact that thanks to the co-financing of European Union funds, the situation on the main national roads is improving.
"According to forecasts, during this planning period, the funds available for roads will be acquired already in 2018 and we must think about continuing to maintain the most heavily loaded high-quality roads and also ensure the mobility of residents in all regions of Latvia without European Union funding," Uldis Augulis emphasized when cutting the symbolic tape.
The Minister of Transport also noted that proposals prepared by traffic experts on sustainable financing for Latvian roads in the near future will be presented to the government.
SIA Binders started construction works from Medumi to the Lithuanian border (156.4.-163.05 km) last year and this year they continued after a technological break.
Reconstruction costs are € 13.5 million (including VAT), the project was co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"At the reconstructed road section, the road construction has been completely restored and next year the repair work will begin in the next stage from Medumi to Daugavpils itself, thus, the entire road from the Lithuanian border to Daugavpils will be arranged," said Jānis Lange, Chairman of the Management Board of LVC.
The country's main motorways are the most busy, and by 2018, we plan to ensure that all of the country's main motorways are in good condition.
The next challenge will be to maintain them in good quality, ensuring timely maintenance and periodic replacement of asphalt every 7-9 years.
"Of course, this will require adequate funding, and all travelers are looking forward to the proposals put forward by the group of experts to fine-tune the road financing system," Lange noted.
Within the framework of the project, road connections and lighting in the Honey Center are arranged.
Significant land works have been carried out: the four-stage large-scale abandonment and extensive excavation and embankment work, the longitudinal profile of the road, which until now was very uneven.
Public transport stops have been restored and a turning point for public transport has been built again.
Previously, the road had insufficient bearing capacity and the terrain was not transparent due to the hilly valleys, as well as the old road of common terrain.
In the next construction work season it is planned to restore the section of the motorway from Daugavpils city border to the now reconstructed section (144.80 to 156.40 km).
This year, LVC plans to carry out various types of work more than 1100 kilometers of national roads.
Information on all planned repairs to the state road network this year is available on the LVC homepage www.lvceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired weight-loss results, it is very important to choose the right combination of foods," says Lithuanian nutritionist Laura Romeraite-Kuklieriene.
In addition, it's easy to do in the summer, when fresh fruits, berries and vegetables grow in our own gardens.
Combining well-considered diets can help not only reduce overweight, but also purposefully promote various processes in the body.
Pasta and vinegar are a good combination, because they provide a lasting feeling of satiety and help you fight fat.
Studies published in the European Clinical Journal have proven that vinegar has a beneficial effect on blood glucose and helps us feel dexterity.
Cayenne pepper and protein rich foods, such as poultry meat or protein cocktails, create not only a sense of satiety, but also reduce your hunger for large meals at your next meal.
This combination of foods is also able to increase the amount of calories burned up by up to 35%.
Studies have shown that Cayenne pepper can help get rid of fat in the region of the abdomen.
The egg contains a nutrient-promoting metabolism - choline, while peppers are a good source of vitamin C.
By taking a sufficient amount of this nutrient, cortisol levels can be reduced, as well as the accumulation of fat around the middle part of the body.
The oatmeal flavored with fresh berries is another delicious and fat burning meal for breakfast that is worth to be included in your menu.
Oat flakes and berries contain fiber, which, according to the findings of the Canadian scientists, controls the production of grelina - the appetite-stimulating hormone - and thus also a feeling of hunger.
In addition, berries contain polyphenols, which help reduce weight and prevent the formation of fat.
Vegetables and proteins are also able to accomplish miracles in weight loss.
Such a combination can create a feeling of satiety.
Vegetables contain water and fiber, and therefore contribute to the feeling of satiety.
At the same time, proteins slow down the digestive process and provide a satiety for a longer period of time.
For lunch, you can eat chicken with salad or prepare a protein cocktail from the blend and enjoy it with your favorite vegetables.
From which combinations of products to avoid.
Fruits contain sugars - monosaccharides or disaccharides - compounds of one or two molecules.
In contrast, starch in vegetables is polysaccharide.
Fetuses break down mechanically in the stomach, while chemically they do not degrade until they reach the third or fourth stage in the digestive process that takes place in the intestines.
The starch is divided into three different stages, which begin already in the mouth.
Therefore, it is essential not to eat sweet food right after meal.
Eating sweet meals right after a meal, it is "trapped" in the stomach with other dishes where it is not chemically digested and starts to blow.
Do not eat bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, dates or other carbohydrates containing lemons, limes, oranges, grapefruits, pineapples or other acidic fruits.
The enzyme ptilaine in saliva works only in alkaline conditions.
Fruit acids inhibit not only carbohydrate digestion, but also promote their fermentation.
Do not eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar protein-rich foods in one meal.
For processing it requires different digestive juices, each of them with different strength, features and time to reach the stomach.
Watermelon, honey, muskatmelones and other melons should always be eaten separately from other dishes.
Melons are not digested if they are present in the stomach with other foods.
Fat in combination with protein-rich foods.
Fats make a successful combination with starch, but the same can not be said about fats and proteins - fat prevents protein digestion.
Proteins can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
When consuming a large amount of protein-containing products, avoid fat use altogether.
This also applies to freshness - it is not advisable to combine a large amount of nuts (containing protein) with a healthy avocado (containing fat).
Such a combination inhibits effective weight loss.
How to cook better?
"Cooking, heat treatment produces a significant loss of nutrition - about 15% to 55% of the initial nutrient composition of the product," the dietician points out.
In most cases, nutrients are lost by boiling food in the water.
However, the nutritional value of some foods increases by boiling directly.
After cooking vegetables, it is advisable to use the remaining liquid to make soups - in this case, you will not lose the nutrients that remain in the water, and you can eat them later.
Vegetables are recommended to be cooked even when steaming.
Thermal treatment significantly increases the bioavailability of lycopene in tomatoes.
Boiling the tomatoes for 30 minutes increases the amount of lycopene by 25%.
Thermal treatment also significantly increases the bioavailability of beta-carotene found in red, yellow, orange plants such as tomatoes, carrots, sweet potatoes and spinach.
The heat treatment of eggs and meat eliminates the natural properties of the proteins they contain, making them more easily digested.
Likewise, the heat treatment of meat and eggs makes the iron contained in these products, and other minerals are more easily absorbed into the body.
It should also be borne in mind that the freezing of products can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% to 90%, but the fiber freeze does not affect.
Beans in combination with tomatoes can increase the intake of iron in the body, which in turn provides better brain and muscle activity.
Our body absorbs up to 33% less non-ferrous iron found in plant products such as beans, leafy greens, cereal products, than bloodstained iron found in animal products such as beef, fish and whiskey.
You can significantly increase the absorption of non-blood-forming iron in the body by using non-lethal iron-containing products along with vitamin C sources such as oranges, tomatoes and berries.
Vitamin C helps to change the non-absorbing iron so that our body can be absorbed more easily.
Iron is needed for the production of hemoglobin, which provides the oxygen supply to the muscles and the brain.
To make the most of the salad, add healthy fats such as olive or linseed oil.
When making sandwiches with salmon, add vitamin D to rich salmon or sardine-free yogurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the intestinal absorption of calcium and plays an important role in the bone formation process.
Oats (as well as other whole-grain products) together with vitamin C sources such as strawberries, blackberries, raspberries and other fruits or berries help to stabilize cholesterol and prevent blockage of the arteries.
Snapchat's "Anime" effect is criticized for the asian caricature
Snapchat says the filter is inspired by animation, but some commentators say it's racist.
With this lens effect, Snapchat allows 150 million users everyday to change reality and play with their identity in a completely absurd way.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, dog or image that fit into the painting by Roja Lihtenstein.
Lenses are blurred, image-distorting tools that generate more than 30 million altered emotions per day.
Any error quickly becomes publicly visible.
The effects of Snapchat lenses have been criticized in the past for criticizing the fact that the application is promoting a bluish-white or bright facial skin tone as a perfect benchmark for beauty.
New lens effects were published this week, allowing users to shape their eyes, split teeth, and rounded cheeks, and some critics called it a racist asian cartoon - the "yellow fringe".
It was also asked whether such contradictions do not indicate that the company has more problems with diversity.
News and public notices flared on Wednesday when The Verge and Motherboard reported that lens effects were removed from the application.
The company explained that the purpose of the lens is to depict the images of Anime rather than caricate people of Asian origin.
But for those who have experienced racism, these effects resembled painful stereotypes.
Others categorically denied the similarity with Anime.
The American recording studio of American-American Greys Sparapani Twitter got a lot of resonance in the image of the Korean-based American art student. In an email, she says the lens effects were "insulting and uncomfortable to say the least."
She added that it's hard not to overlook the obvious similarity between Asian cartoons and lens effects.
This suggests that the lens effect is not just a yellow face, but a yellow face in terms of racism.
Snapchat is not the only company that has fallen into these cultural traps.
American culture is also involved in the never-ending struggle for diversity and inclusion, ranging from corporate meeting rooms to Hollywood and the devices we use everyday.
And Snapchat's large young audience, representing different races, is, unlike older people, more sensitive to such things.
If Snapchat lenses create an image that offends users, "today things do not go unnoticed," Katie Zhou, 25, said in an interview.
On Thursday, Zhou, a product manager at Medium, deleted his Snapchat application and advised others to do the same.
In her article "Medium" and in the phone interview, she explained that, in her opinion, her problem was due to Snapchat's employment policy, which understated the racial diversity.
Žou criticized the management of the company, which consists mostly of white men and then concluded his article with the reference #DeleteSnapchat.
"This means that the company does not have racial diversity, so the following decisions are made: Are some other races working in the company, but they do not have the position to be able to express their opinions safely and comfortably," says Zou, a Chinese-born American.
She also agrees with others, while Snapchat has not responded to her complaint.
The company does not disclose the number of employees representing different races, indicating that it is a private company.
Snapchat declined to discuss the origin of its employees, but its representative revealed that the company had deployed a staff specialist who would focus on representing racial minorities in the company that are not widely represented and promoting entry into the company.
Zou will not resume his Snapchat account, adding: "It's interesting if they really need more users like us to understand that it's not right."
The congressional chamber declares that military officials have distorted the reports of the Islamic State.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the congressional panel points out that the US Central Command has distorted reports by portraying a war against the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria much more optimistic than it actually is.
Central Command intelligence analysts are generally dissatisfied with the Interim Report of the Task Force established by the Republican Representatives of the Armed Forces Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Financing Subcommittee, pointing out that their leadership controlled reports of American progress in the fight against the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tampa, Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest news on this report says intelligence reports, endorsed by top-ranking Centcom executives, reflect the US fight against terrorism more positively than it really is. The facts were regularly distorted, reflecting better achievements than other intelligence analyzes suggest.
"The actions of Centcom are unacceptable - our soldiers are the ones who suffer if our policy makers receive false reports," says Californian Republican spokesman Ken Kallvert.
Centcom management mistakes are at the top of the organization's leadership.
This 10-page report details in detail the current problems in Central Command's reflection and analysis of American efforts to prepare Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide conclusive evidence that senior officials of the Obama administration would have misrepresented the reports, this suggests that Centcom's management has exerted some pressure on analysts to display a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State (also known as ISIS or ISIL).
The report states that in the first half of 2015 Central Government press releases, announcements and reports to the Congress portrayed the situation in a much more positive light than it was in reality.
For example, representatives of Centcom publicly announced that the Mosul rebound operation could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul is Iraq's second-largest city, still under the control of the Islamic State.
Representative of the Republican Party of Kinshasa, Mike Pompeo, says in his report: "Several months of investigation clearly affirms this."
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, key US officials in the Central Government distorted reports that portrayed ISIS threats in Iraq weaker than they actually were.
The Republican Party set up a working group to find out that analysts are concerned that information about the Islamic state is being distorted.
As the investigation continues, the report published on Thursday will be followed by new discoveries in this case.
The General Inspection of the Ministry of Defense carries out investigations into Centcom's intelligence activities.
Members of the Democratic Party of the Intelligence Executive Committee published their own report on Thursday, in which they agree with some of the conclusions of the Republican Party Working Group.
Democrat Adams B. Shifs says in his report, from 2014 to 2015, Centcom too limited the preparation of intelligence reports on ISIS and the Iraqi Security Forces.
Mr Shifa explains that this process "stopped the dissemination of information", worsened the ethics of analyst work and "spread facts that were not true."
But Schiff and Democrats added that there is no evidence that White House pressured the Centcom analysts to develop reports according to a "predetermined or political stance."
The Daily Beast released the preliminary results of the congressional investigation on Thursday.
In August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon General Inspectorate had initiated an investigation into complaints from Centcom analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said the Pentagon would not comment on the congressional report while investigations are ongoing.
He also added that experts sometimes interpret complex data in different ways, and the Ministry of Defense and the intelligence agency are calling for a constructive dialogue on vital national security issues.
The investigation does not only address the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria has been successful (an assertion expressed by more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defense).
But last year's allegations make it questionable whether President Obama can fully rely on Central Government's reports on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hot spots.
Criticism regarding the intelligence of the Islamic State is reminiscent of more than a decade old events when Centcom's intelligence analyst Gregory Hucker published a study claiming that the administration of George W. Bush launched the war in Afghanistan, with little regard for its possible consequences.
Hucker also played an important role in discovering the Islamic State's intelligence issue.
Last year, official representatives reported that the Hacker team had discovered that, contrary to public reports, air raids on the Islamic State oil factories did not significantly aggravate the financial situation of the terrorist group because they had built temporary plants to sell oil on the black market.
The Times, in a September issue, reported that this discovery did not come beyond the walls of the Central Government.
At that time, Commander Gencom General Lawy Ostin III, received sharp criticism, as many law-makers believed that war reports described the situation too positively.
In April, General Ostin retired and General Joseph L. Votels took his place.
In the US women's field hockey duel with the UK, they win the United States, winning the fourth consecutive victory.
Katie Bama won the first two goals for the US Women's Field Hockey Team on Thursday after a 6-1 win over Japan, when Americans defeated the Indian team with a 3-0 score.
The five-goal gains in two games are an unforgettable achievement, but the 27-year-old Bama said she could not remember if she'd ever succeeded.
She said: "I have no idea."
I'm not one of those people who count their goals.
But she knows that the American result in the Olympics is 4: 0, which gives them their group not to compete with the United Kingdom, who on Thursday lost 4-0 after a victory over Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday to play the last match in the first round games.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals and the game will only determine which team will rank first in the group of six teams and the second.
The winner of the first place will avoid a meeting with the strongest Dutch team who is the leader of the second group for a little longer.
In spite of the unfulfilled Saturday game, the Americans have already caused a surprise storm, four years ago in London taking the last place among 12 teams.
There was also Bama in that team
She grew up in Bluff, she took the field hockey stick for the first time in her hands at age 3 (her older twin sisters were already engaged in this sport in Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16 years old, becoming a favorite in the history of the latest players.
She was not in the 2008 Olympic Games because she did not enter the final.
However, 2012 was unsuccessful for her and her team.
Next year, Angle Kreg Parcham was appointed as a team trainer and everything changed for the better.
Bam called it "Cultures, Mentality and Physical Change."
In London we did not invest as much work as now.
We have completely changed everything.
On Thursday's game, Bama unveiled the result, winning the goal in the first half with a back throw from a short distance.
India started the game without a victory in their account, but their selection was very fierce and held a minimum score of 0: 1 until the end of the third period when Bama regained the goal.
She entered the ball into the opponent's area on the left side of the field, then noticed getting to the middle of the square and kicking the ball into the opponents' goal by setting Americans 2: 0.
In the middle of the fourth quarter, Melisa Gonzalez scored another goal.
This was the first game of the United States goalkeeper Jackie Craig in the first three games in each of the gates.
She is over.
And likewise Bama.
"We are doing very well right now," said Paham, but just as well, the game will be shown on Saturday.
Depressive period is the most depressing food "Sappy Meal"
In March 1933, shortly after being elected president, Frenklin Delano Roosevelt sat in the oval room for a meal.
President Roosevelt was fond of delicate culinary delicacies such as goose liver pate or fagar and Maryland turtle soup.
But nowadays his meal was much modest: filled eggs in tomato sauce, potato porridge and dessert - plum pudding.
Jane Ziegelmane says: "It's a way of solidarity with people who cook very hard."
Her husband Andrew Kou adds: "It's also a message to Americans how to eat."
Couple from Brooklyn Heights District are food historians.
Kou's latest book, The Vegetable Stew, describes Chinese cuisine in America, while Ziegelmane in his book "97 Apple" describes life through food in a rented house in the eastern lower reaches of Manhattan.
Their new collaborative work, The Sappy Meal, published Tuesday by Harper Publishers, is a story of American food during the Great Depression.
Having shown some solidarity in cooking, they co-hosted an Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a simple lunch meal in the Flatiron district, operating since 1929, when a major depression began.
A 54-year-old Mrs. Ziegelman ordered a sandwich with melted cheese and chopped olives, while a 57-year-old Kou ordered turkey, potato nettle and vegetable salad.
When the reporter ordered a fake bunny, the couple admitted that his choice was very suitable for the conversation about the Great Depression.
Mrs Ziegelman told us that the fake bunny was very popular.
There was a peanut bunny, a liver bunny and a bean bunny.
They were made from basic ingredients and other ingredients that enriched the meal.
Imagine how it is - eat as much peanuts as to be at dinner.
Mr Kou came over.
"It's likely that the belly is full of lead," he added.
During the pre-depression years, the American dinner table resembled the Swedish table, especially in rural areas.
The women were preparing to eat their male workers, and at breakfast, freshly prepared meals were served at lunch and dinner.
During the First World War, Americans sent food to Europeans directly. The "savory meal" describes how the Americans adapted to the circumstances when America was suddenly no longer abundant land.
"At that time, food became the focus of the American people's everyday life," says Kou, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write just about this topic.
The new budget diet became equally important: unknown foods such as fake bacon and stew became everyday, stew was "a great way to use the surplus," noted Ms Ziegelman, because chefs could hide the unattractive ingredients under the creamy sauce.
Fresh fruits were replaced by cheap dried fruits.
Meat, which was the main ingredient of American dishes for years, has now become an extremely rare luxury product.
At a time when the nutritional value of calories and food was more important than taste, new, unseen formations were born.
In an ancient cookbook, Mrs. Ziegelman found a recipe for making onions stuffed with peanut butter.
Mr Kou adds: "It was not a popular dining table supplement."
Mrs Ziegelmanes emphasizes: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and fried onion are not compatible.
Many home-based recipes apply to difficult times.
Household economists such as Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Office for the Economy of Households from 1923 to 1943, set national eating habits that were not experienced before or after the Great Depression.
By publishing articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they suggested that households become "economists" and take on the challenges of turning pasta and carrot mix into a delicious meal.
"Sweet Meal" is a delicious meal of historical delicacies.
Particularly interesting are testimonies about the attitude of the government towards their hungry citizens, such as President Hurst Howard's Let Me Eat Cakes attitude.
Although publicly speaking about his simple childhood and eating in Iowa, he actually ate as a fine millionaire he had become.
Mr Kou says: "He liked European cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce."
He ate in the almost gilded living room while wearing a lunch jacket.
He was totally detached from reality.
President Roosevelt would have made the same mistake, unless her wife Eleonora had recommended him to set an example with her eating habits.
The book tells us that Roosevelt had a homeowner who did not learn how to cook, so Baltais Nams became a place where "not only was one of the poorest dishes in Washington, but also the worst cooked dishes".
As soon as the country's economy recovered, most of the depression's culinary signature disappeared.
But we continue to pay attention to calories and nutrition, as well as how to use science in cooking, Mrs. Ziegelman added.
The couple says they got a better understanding of the eating habits of Mrs. Ziegelman, when writing a book, for example, why she could not throw out food.
"She was really afraid to throw out food," said Mr Kou.
Mrs Ziegelman said: "She really hurt people."
Once there was an incident with wind cakes.
When we were eating at the Eisenberg Eatery, a couple of writers pulled out a dessert made from a bag at home: a plum pudding, which President Roosevelt used to eat for lunch.
"This is a prune whipped cream," said Mrs. Ziegelman, adding that the habit of modest dishes was a common name at that time.
It does not contain whipped cream, only dried prunes, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone immersed in the brown mass of the spoons immaculate on the plates.
Surprisingly, it was not so bad.
Mr Kou ate a few more snacks.
Speaking to an experienced "economist", he said to his wife: "Combine a pinch of ground hazelnut."
Gilead will receive reimbursement of legal expenses in the fight against Merck for Hepatitis C patent
The District Judge has decided that Gilead Sciences Inc. is entitled to reimbursement of the costs of lawyers' fees paid by the Merck & Co Inc. pharmaceutical patent for Hepatitis C patent.
In June, Gilead was acquitted of a £ 200 million fine for divorcing two Merck patents threatened by her successful Sovald and Harvon tablets when the US federal judge found violations in Merk's work, such as libel after taking the oath and other unethical activities.
In a hearing on Thursday, Beth Labson Freeman, U.S. District Judge, stated that Gilead had the right to claim compensation for the legal expenses he incurred in defense of the case.
Merck is trying to get a market position against Gilead, which dominates the market with the new generation of Hepatitis C drugs, which are effective in 90% of liver diseases.
The case was launched as early as 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other in an attempt to acquire ownership of the newly developed active ingredient sofosbuvir, which is a major ingredient in Gilead.
The US-backed forces claim to have fully taken control of the city of Manhattan from the Islamic State.
The US-backed forces have taken over the city of Manbijsk in the northern part of the country at the Turkish border, and the last Islamic State's soldiers have left the city, a group spokesman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) is currently purifying the city from the latest adversary militants who have not yet left the city.
They have released more than 2,000 civilian hostages, which were captured by militants, told Reuters Sharfan Darwish of the Mangbijs Military Council, allied to the SDS.
"At present, the city is under our full control and we are conducting searches for militants," he told Reuters.
Clinton's revenue reached $ 10.75 million in 2015 and the pair paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
Clinton released a 2015 tax return, which shows that Democratic Party presidential candidate and her husband have earned $ 10.75 million this year and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
Clinton has donated $ 1 million to his Clinton Charity Organization in 2015. Former President Bill Clinton has earned about $ 5.3 million as speaker and former Secretary of State has earned $ 3 million in revenues from his book on State Department work published with Simon & Schuster.
Clinton Electorate - US Senator Tim Cook and his wife, Anna Holtone, have made their tax return for the past 10 years.
In 2015, they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Clinton and Tim Keynes continue to set new standards for financial transparency," said Jennifer Palmieri, Partner of the Clinton Campaign.
Donald Tramps, on the other hand, lurks behind various pretexts and reservations, so that he does not have to fulfill his promise of disclosing his tax information.
Publication of tax information paid is a record practice for US presidential candidates, but is not required by law.
New York businessman Tramps and his lawyers refer to the State Revenue Service as a reason for not disclosing tax information.
"Your move," in the Twitter entry for Democrat Party candidate tax information, was reported by Clinton's campaign partner, Ian Sams.
On Thursday, Tramp's special advisor, Michael Cohen, told CNN that he would not allow Tramp to publish tax information before an audit was completed.
Tramp critics, including Republican Party presidential candidate Mits Romney and other Republicans in 2012, argue that his refusal raises questions about his true size of property, the amount of donations and other business commitments, including his commitment to Russia.
Clinton added oil to the fire, announcing a video on Friday, where several influential Republicans demand Tramp to publish their tax information.
She came back to this issue again in an economic speech on Thursday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "He refuses to do what other presidential candidates have been doing for decades."
Politico reports that Tramps has paid very little or no taxes for two years in the 1990s and the author of the New York Times business column said on Friday that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
Federal tax rates are a major issue in these presidential elections.
Clinton, in support of Billionaire Varen Bafet's proposal, promotes the idea that anyone who earns more than $ 1 million a year is required to pay a tax of at least 30%.
This proposal is also supported by President Barack Obama.
Last night, Clinton spoke at Omaha, Nebraska, where he was also a conglomerate of Berkshire Hathaway, and called on Tramp to exchange tax returns.
Buffett also said that he was being audited by the Revenue Service and Tramps are afraid of voters, not tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax information up to 2007.
Clinton now lives in Chapaca, New York, and has paid an average federal tax rate of around 32 percent between 2007 and 2014 and a total tax rate of about 40.5 percent.
Clinton's 2015 tax review shows that unlike most Americans, only $ 100 of their income is a salary.
Their main investment was the low-cost index fund, of which Clinton received $ 109,000 in dividends.
The report was prepared by Kevin Drawbaugh, editor Jonathan Otis
Jewish film criticizes hotel in Berlin for disconnecting Israeli long-distance call after request of some Arabs - RT News
The director of French-made Jewish films says a storm in social media when he discovered that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin does not have the Israeli long-distance calling code. The hotel staff argues that this is based on the demands of Arab customers.
Clod Lancmann, director of documentary films about the Holocaust "Shoah", did not hide his discontent with the Berlin Kempinski Bristol Hotel and addressed an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During a recent visit, Lancman sought to find Israel's long-distance calling code on the hotel's list.
However, this country was not listed on countries with which you can call directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible that in 2016, in Berlin, the new German capital, Israel has been wiped off and destroyed?
Written by Lancmans.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol Hotel is offering a call to this country through its call center.
The director asked for an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancmans writes that the answer "shocked him".
The hotel manager explained that "this is a deliberate decision of the hotel management".
The reason for the removal was even more annoyed by the director of the film.
"Most of the guests are Arabs and they demanded an erasure of the Israeli code," Lancmann cites the hotel employee's explanation.
The Suddeutsche Zeitung reports that the Israeli Ambassador to Germany, Jacob Hades-Handelsman, called this case "a big shame".
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
It is a great shame in itself.
And the fact that it's just happening in Germany is even more humiliating on this hotel network.
No explanations are needed.
The official said: "We hope the hotel will draw the right conclusions."
This event was quite broad resonance on the Internet, where people called it a scandal.
Others believe that the Kempinski Hotel has simply been promoted to Arab customers.
Another record was "shame", indicating that the hotel is located on Kurfurstendamm Street next to the synagogue.
Der Spiegel says the hotel quickly rejected all the allegations, saying it was "misunderstood" and apologized to Lancman.
"We have not received a direct order to remove Israel from the list of national numbers," the Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted Kempinski as saying.
And adds that the code is again added to the list.
Police use rubber bullets and tear gas against protesting Brazilian students.
A student and police clash took place on Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, where students gathered in a demonstration against government education reform reforms.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas for students.
Problems began when ombudsmen tried to drive students out, which led the police to use rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students participated in the demonstration to show their aversion to reforms in the education system.
The proposal by the Governor of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alcumino, foresees the closure of nearly 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be transferred to other schools with a view to saving money.
Some demonstrators painted graffiti on the walls with messages against the interim president, Michael Temer.
This protest took place only a few days after the previous protest, when students gathered in demonstrations with the aim of expressing support for the resigned President Dilmai Rousefi, whose imputation was voted by the Senate.
Scott Kelms Skinner finishes first with a gold medal in UK biking
Kelly Skinner of Scotland finished the first men's cycling team sprint race on the Rio velodrome that took place last night. The British team guarded its champion title in its 2012 London games.
The 23-year-old Glasgow sportsman played an important role in this race, making the proud legendary Scott Serie Krissau Hoy and winning the favorites for New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain gained an amazing victory when Hoi won the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated it at the World Championships in London, although Hoi had already completed his athlete career.
The problems were between the Beijing Olympics and the London Olympics, because they had to replace the experienced start-up expert Jamie Staf.
They succeeded at the last minute.
When Hoi left, he tried to fill his place with Kians Emadi and Matt Crampons.
The British coaches had hoped for Skinner, seeing the potential that he later proved.
Hindes, Kenya - champions who started four years ago with Hoju and Skiners, who set the Olympic qualifying record, but the race was better for the New Zealand team
However, the British trio won gold medals.
Hendes was close to his circle, Keny came forward and Skinner managed to keep that lead.
The change of strategy played an important part in the victory, as the Hindes ran a larger gear to allow Kenya and, in particular, Skinner to drive faster.
The Hoi's race was watched as a BBC spokesman and caught sight of Scinera, Kenya and Hindes at the time they drove to the podium.
A 23-year-old Glasgow spokesman said: "It was an indescribable pagoda."
I'm doing everything to defend my name.
In the final we set the Olympic record and won the World Champions.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better victory.
After winning with Kenya and the Hoy in the 2012 London Olympics, Hindes admitted they intentionally fell to the track after an unsuccessful start.
He later refuted this comment and did not prove to the British competitors the opposite.
This time there was no such incident.
Hindes spoke: "The British flags in the stands recalled London."
In the last 3 months, we have become a solid team.
We have lost so many World Championships, so the victory in the Olympics really was special.
One medal in the race for the country, which won seven of the ten gold medals in cycling in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is a team's progress indicator over the past five months, then the next five days will be very exciting.
Given the outcome of Kenya, he could really repeat Hoja's success in earning three Olympic gold medals.
For Kenya, this would mean six gold and one silver medal. In addition, Kenya was born on March 23rd (it looks like British holy date, as Steve Regreiv, Mo Farah and Roger Banister were also born on this day).
Hoy was born on this date.
Kenya's next race is a sprint that begins today and will continue for the next three days.
A 28-year-old Bolton sportsman said: "Right now I'm just enjoying it all.
Team trip is always the best.
Because then you can win with teammates.
To be honest, then defeating one is a little lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he receives two more gold medals, he should be appointed as a knight."
That day, it was the only fight for medals, but it was not the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Vigin, Eddie Clancy, Steve Burke, and Owen Doul showed the fastest qualifying period for four miles for four.
Their time was 3: 51.943
The world record set in London in 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and the final will take place today in the second half of the day, where Vigin will definitely be at the center of attention.
Yesterday before the qualifying journey, he had disagreements with the Commissariat, when the judges called him to measure his height.
For the women's journey, which will continue and end today, Laura Trotha, Joanne Rovsla Shanda, Elinora Barker and Katie Archebald from Milnagua set a new record for 4: 13.260.
The British delegation hopes that the British Cycling Team will hopefully win medals in the middle of the Olympic Games.
Remembering the excellent and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone expects the same achievements in Rio.
Meanwhile, under the guise of sexism and dignity, behind the scenes, technical director Shein Saton has resigned, and Hoi and Victoria Bendleton have also completed their career.
However, with the start of the first two-wheel racing, it seems that Britain will always reach the highest level at the right time.
The future of the Portland melting warehouse is becoming unclear because an ambitious agreement has been discontinued.
The aluminum melting pot and its hundreds of employees in Portland, Victoria, have become unclear because its main customer, the energy company, has announced the cessation of cooperation.
This announcement is based on the Victorian government's plans to put an end to the energy company's subsidy, which is vital for the company to continue its work.
20 years of subsidies will be suspended in November.
As a result, more than 2000 Alcoa Portland factory jobs are at risk.
There could be up to 2000 potential direct and indirect jobs at risk.
In addition, it will have unpredictable side effects, as the melting pot consumes about 10 percent of the entire Victorian power supply.
In 2014, Alcoa shut down the Point Henry Meltdown, which led to the breakdown of the Angleseas power plant.
Alcoa Portland Mine is working at a loss and can be closed.
These events were triggered by years of speculation about the appreciation of the Australian dollar and the cost of producing the factory.
The plant's energy supplier AGL, which supplies energy from its Loy Yang A power plant in Latroube Valley, says most of the other three owners will also terminate their contracts.
Most of the power plants belong to the Alcoa and Alumia joint ventures, in addition to the company's shares, they are also owned by the Chinese CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp Holdings Companies.
AGL is hoping to continue to operate in the Portland plant, which would mean a further supply of energy to the smelters, "said his spokesman.
The AGL said that the contracts were so-called "risk-free contracts", which is expected to come into force from November 2016.
Contracts have a 12 month validity period, so they will be valid until 2017.
AGL plans to receive revenue from these contracts in the fiscal year 2017, "said the company's representative.
Starting from the 2018 fiscal year, the potential effect on profit is limited by favorable market forecasts for future wholesale electricity prices.
AGL claims that it has already estimated losses of $ 187 million in its projections, with the intention of terminating these contracts.
Alcoa reports that the decision to terminate the contracts will not affect Alcoa's ability to continue the operation of the smelting plant or supply it with energy.
The US company says it has signed a deal with Loy Yang in 2010 for 20 years, but it will be discontinued in November. The company does not provide explanations as to why it will stop cooperation.
Analysts have expressed concern about the possible closure of Portland Mine Waste in Victoria and the closure of the Tomago plant near Newcastle, due to the sector's weak economy.
AGL chief executive Steven Michelson last week said that according to analysts, Portland spent 600 megawatts a year and Tomago 900 megawatts of energy.
If both of these plants leave the energy market, demand for energy will be significantly reduced.
And that would not be good at all.
The legal center of the Community annually dismisses 160 000 people.
More than 160,000 people are being rejected each year, and with the budget shrinking, the situation could get worse.
Three out of five people in Queensland, mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the means to fight against eviction, are denied free legal assistance and representation.
The Community's legal center, which is already overloaded, warns against a worse situation as the funding shrink.
Starting next June, these legal centers will receive 30% less funding than before.
Queensland Legal Center Director James Farel said the latest report by the National Association of Legal Centers reports that at present, thousands of people who need it are denied legal assistance.
Mrs. Farels said that if this decision is not canceled, then the situation will only get worse.
He also says: "The Queensland Legal Center is constantly receiving insufficient funding, which means that thousands of people who need it are denied assistance."
For people who are trying to end their violent relationships, people with deep debt, families who experience divorce, workers who are dishonestly released - all of these people have legal problems and this report shows that they do not receive the necessary assistance.
From June 2017, the federal government will cut funding by 30 percent, which means that thousands more Queensland residents will have to deal with their complex legal problems without help.
We call on the Prosecutor General and Queensland Senator George Barrynd to immediately suspend funding so that people in need of legal aid can obtain it.
Last year, the government revealed its plans to raise legal aid levels to the national average.
Now is the time to pay attention to the needs of local communities and their clients, and the Palazzuk government to invest in this important field.
Donald Trampa campaign sued because one of the employees pulled out a firearm
New York City: Donald Trampa campaigners sued, because they did not act when they received information that their North Carolina Operations Commander had launched a firearm against an employee when they drove in one car in February.
This incident was described in a lawsuit filed by Vincents Bordini, a former campaign programmer, in the Charlotte Court on Wednesday.
Bordini said that he had waited months for the internal review of this case to begin, but he realized that this would not happen.
Leader Erl Philip "pulled out a gun, put his right index finger on the cock and turned the barrel against Vincent's knee," Bordini claims in his complaint.
He also claims that when filing a complaint to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini learned that at least four more people have experienced the same.
"Weapons must not be fired to cause damage," Bordini complains in his complaint.
Just two days before the matter was filed, a Republican presidential candidate sparked a scandal telling people that People in Second Amendment, i.e. arms owners and enthusiasts, would be able to act in the event of a victory over his rival, Hillary Clinton and his elected judges.
Representatives of the Trampa campaign said that the media had translated his words from the context, and he never injected anyone into violence.
Bordini wants to claim compensation from the organizers of the campaign for negligent supervision, but from Philips - for an attack, the use of an illicit weapon and the creation of emotional stress.
Trampa spokeswoman Houpa Hixa did not comment at once.
Failed to contact Philips.
WCCB - Charlotte's local news agency reports that Philip has recently abandoned the campaign.
Also failed to call his consulting firm "Innovative Consultancy Services".
Republican presidential candidate Donald Tramps has run a controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini v. Campaign Committee "Donald J. Trump For President Inc." 16-CS-14300, General Court, Chamber of Supreme Court of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
A new tradition is a parish and sports festival in Siauliai.
For the first time in Sulciems, people gathered at the parish and sports festivals.
After a decade of celebration this time it was decided that there would be no lake holiday.
A new page is now broken.
The day started with sports competitions.
This time the competition was not traditional and too serious, because, for example, the darts had to be set for a sleeping destination, the boot was flying, the left-handed throw of a person, there was no "bunching" at all in the Olympics.
However, each participant was able to show how strong, brave, agile and resourceful he is.
After the sporting events, everyone gathered at the open-air stage, where the parish festival began.
In the meantime, there was also a "children's corner" where the little ones were able to break through in inflatable attractions and get a new image in the face-to-face bed.
A novelty that might also become a tradition was the parachute of the drivers, which included both tractors and motorcycles.
All in all, Inga Kadiķe-Skadiņa, the head of the Ķūlciems parish administration, addressed the man who wished for a nice rest and dry time, however, the rain dipped, but it could not disturb much.
The celebration continued with the greetings of the youngest inhabitants of Kūļciems.
It's really good that the parish is supplemented with five girls and one boyfriend.
Amateur art collectives from the Engure Region came to the campsites - the audience was very impressed by the performance of seniors dance group "Autumn Rhythms", performances by different people dance performers "Red" and young people's "Golden Pearls".
And it's nothing that slipped on a wet scene.
Of course, the local people and guests were delighted by the famous actors' duo Janis Jarāns and Dainis Porgants, who again were Mildina Nabina and Skaidrite Kranina, as well as the attractive women of Bērzciems from the fishermen's yard "Dienines".
The ball was played by the band "Cobble".
Britain needs to maintain the Olympic spirit and expand Hitrow.
Hedrow will not only promote prosperity and growth in local regions and London, but also across the country.
That, in my opinion, makes Hitler very attractive, as in 2012 in London, where we have put a lot of work to win all the regions of the country from the Olympic Games.
Stratford and East End won an enormous amount of the Olympics.
And we will do it again, providing locals and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow.
For local communities alone, we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40,000 new jobs, and finally put a stop to youth unemployment in the Heathrow area.
Like the London Olympics in 2012, there will also be people this time who will find this challenge too big and that Heathrow's expansion is too ambitious.
At that time, people said that Britain would never succeed in preparing for the Olympic Games and that it would be a global failure.
The skeptics made a mistake in 2012, and in the case of Heathrow, they would not be right.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Hittower has overcome everything so far.
Like the Olympics, Hitrow is an infrastructure project that will benefit the entire community, not individual individuals.
Enlargement has the potential to create up to 180,000 new jobs, with an economic growth of 211 billion, creating the ground for both employment and experience at this airport and throughout the UK.
Heathrow has a great team that has created a £ 11bn investment program for infrastructure, fitting in time and budget from the terminal 5, which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years and ending with Terminal 2, built between two more intensive used runways in the world.
Now they are ready to create a third runway, which will be funded with private investments of £ 16 billion.
The 2012 London Olympics were a great success, and I am convinced that this will also be the Heathrow expansion.
It's time to revive the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new employment environment with which Britain could boast.
Lord Paul Dayton is a member of the Heathrow Board and former Secretary of Commerce at the Ministry of Economics.
In Switzerland, a woman climbs on the highway in an attempt to commit suicide.
In the middle of the hard night, she drops on the highway.
The police are trying to find witnesses to an accident when she crossed several machines on her highway the following morning on Thursday morning.
The accident took place on Thursday just after midnight on the A1 road near the canton of Vo in Morges.
Vo Canton's police report said that desperately wanting to commit suicide, the woman had been trapped on a road in the dark, where several machines fled her.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, a 49-year-old Swiss, crashed into several machines, including a heavy machine.
She is dead at the scene.
Several drivers involved in the accident have already given evidence, while others are not yet clear, says the police, which calls for the drivers involved and witnesses to the incident to be recalled.
The case also launched a criminal investigation, which is a logical step in this case, lawyer Gilles Hofstellers told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be penalized.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
Hofstellers adds: "It will be clarified by the prosecutor."
Two similar cases that have taken place over the past 5 years have shown that no driver will be held liable.
In both cases, the pedestrian had left the highway in the middle of the night, so it was decided that drivers could not predict that a pedestrian would be on the highway in the middle of the night, the newspaper said.
Last year, a policeman was acquitted of killing after neglect when in August 2014 she was driven by a man who slept on the A1 road near Paijern in the middle of the night.
The court found that the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and later noticed falling asleep on the road.
The court concluded that the policeman on the way to the accident site drove the situation in an appropriate manner and the judge admitted that the sleeping man on the road was "a completely unpredictable and exceptional case".
Anyone who has information about a Thursday accident near Morges is asked to contact the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Internet collects signatures for organizing a new SRS manager job post.
Petition portal Avaaz.org started collecting signatures for organizing a competition for a new head of the State Revenue Service (SRS).
The petition addressed to the ministers of the National Union (NA) and of the Greens and Farmers' Union (ZZS) states that the public wants a transparent and professional process of nominating officials.
The petition was set up on August 10 and is currently signed by 55 people.
The process of nominating the candidate for the SRS Director General Inga Kolegova is opaque and unprofessional.
It recalls the best practices of the Soviet Union.
It discredits public administration and once again makes society disappointed in government and politicians.
"There is a need for a competition with clear criteria against which all candidates must be evaluated," says the petition.
Its author Jānis B. pointed out that the public does not know the criteria for choosing Kolegov's position.
It is also unclear what the candidate's intentions in the work of the SRS are.
Petition indicates that the State Chancellery must create a new open competition, which actively addresses professional candidates, recruited staff selection specialists and offers appropriate remuneration.
Minister of Finance Dana Reizniece-Ozola officially nominated Kolégov as the head of the State Revenue Service last week, this week the government was supposed to approve her new position, but all the ministers of the party "Unity" voted against, so the question about the week was postponed.
Samoilov: If we lost, so I played badly.
Beach volleyball players Alexander Samoilov and Janis Smedins hoped for an award at the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games, however, without having to go there, there is no difference in where to compete, after Samoilov left the tournament.
One of the world's strongest beach volleyball couples on Thursday in the closing and decisive game at 1-2 (16:21, 22:20, 7:15), the sub-group tournament lost to the Brazilian Evandru Gonsalvesh Oliveir and Pedro Solberg Salgad, concluding his participation at the four-year's major sports forum.
In three sub-groups of matches, Latvian athletes won one victory, but the same ratio was for two more pairs.
In the following, the ratio of the three pairs to the small points was counted, which, after the convincing loss suffered in this match, was the most favorable for the Latvian duet.
"We were in the lead in the first set, but at 16:15 it was also 16 points", Šmetidins remembered the game.
I do not even know how to leave the rest of the set.
It should not play.
Then in the second set everything was in order and at the end of the set it managed to break the game, and it also had to be a good foundation for the third set.
We started it alike, but after we exchanged the sides, the result was only one team.
We had too many bugs in the attack.
In the subgroup, all the teams were alike, in almost all matches there were three sets, so the points were important.
"It was necessary to play a more similar, rather than repeatedly give 3-4 points in a row," said the athlete.
We knew that Evandru might be hooked.
"We managed to deal with it in the first set, in the second we were expecting 1-2 points, but in the third at +4 the game went out to him", remembered Smeddins.
We tried to show the best game.
Sometimes it happened, sometimes not.
The overall score was not seen before the match, but it was known that there were as many points as possible.
"If we lost, so I played badly," said Samoylov.
Evander was looking forward to a good side, and in the first set he also managed quite well, but in the third he opened the serve and it was hard to make an attack.
On the other hand, I took a lot of mistakes at the reception directly at Pedro's service, but I had to deal with it.
Samoilov said that, unlike the previous match, today the athletes were not nervous.
"We went, played, also defense was, but we needed a better reception," said the athlete.
"They played well and eventually got to the" urr ".
Before the tournament, we immediately said that the lottery was the most difficult thing it could have been.
We had the chance to fight for the first place, but not even out of the group.
"We all waited for a medal, and we also got it from ourselves, but then there is no longer any difference - 25th or fourth," said Samoylov, who predicted the duet will continue to play together in the future.
I think that there will be no question and we will continue to play together because this is just one tournament.
Samoilov Rio de Janeiro was already in the third Olympic career, as in 2008, he started playing with Mārtiņš Plavinas in Beijing, but four years ago, playing in London with Ruslan Sorokin.
Meanwhile, for Šmēdiņš, this was the second time in the Olympics.
Latvenergo follows the process of opening the gas market from the position of a potential trader.
The state energy company Latvenergo follows the process of opening the gas market both from the consumer and the position of the potential trader, said company press secretary Ivita Bider.
"The decision on whether Latvenergo will join the gas market as a trader in the future will determine what gas market model and legal framework will be set up."
"For this reason, we are actively involved in drafting and commenting legislation, and we are submitting our proposals," said Bidere.
The BNS agency has already written that the Ministry of Economics (EM), in co-operation with the Public Utilities Commission and the energy company Latvijas Gāze, has developed the Cabinet of Ministers regulation "Regulations on the sale and use of natural gas" that will change the existing principles of the operation of the natural gas market, from April 3, 2017 to natural gas users' right to freely choose a gas trader.
Working on the regulatory framework for the new natural gas market, the EM aims to make the natural gas trading process as simple and user-friendly as possible.
Therefore, as the most efficient and user-friendly service solution, "dealer centric model" is chosen, in which all activities related to customer service are provided by the trader - one contract, one bill and one information provision and customer service place, leaving the technical issues of the natural gas distribution system left by the distribution system operator.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in the electricity trade.
We are reminded that the gradual opening up of the market to household customers - also after April 3, 2017, those household users who do not want to choose another natural gas trader will be able to continue to receive natural gas from an existing trader at a regulated price, thus becoming affiliated users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas to related users at a regulated price is set for the public trader," the ministry informed.
In turn, the merchants will have to choose a natural gas trader to conclude a natural gas trading agreement.
Until the conclusion of a natural gas trade agreement for a certain period of time, traders of natural gas will be trafficked by a natural gas trader at a predetermined price.
The draft regulations of the Cabinet of Ministers contain in detail the rights and obligations of the natural gas trader, system operator and users.
The rules regulate the procedures for the delivery and dismantling of natural gas to natural gas users, requirements for the safe use of the natural gas system, the rights of the owner of the merchant, the public trader, the system operator, the user and the gasified object in the supply and use of natural gas; the procedure for the settlement of received services, the amount of late payment interest, the procedure for changing traders and the supply of users in the event of disruptions in the supply of natural gas;
The coolest morning since June, the places are temporarily raining.
The temperature of sunrise on Friday is almost +6 .. + 9 degrees in all of Latvia, +4.7 degrees in Mersrags for two nights, which is the lowest mark since June 14, according to data from the Center for Environmental, Geology and Meteorology of Latvia.
Slightly above +10 degrees, the air temperature at night remained only in Liepaja.
The amount of clouds in the country as a whole is small, places are temporarily raining, stronger in Kurzeme and Northern Vidzeme.
Blows the slow south wind.
In Riga, at six o'clock, the air cooled to +8 .. + 9 degrees, at the international airport to +6 degrees.
Southwest southwest winds 3-5 meters per second.
The maximum temperature on Thursday in the observation network of the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center was from +15.2 degrees in Aluksne to +19.9 degrees in Jelgava.
On Friday, the sun will rain with the clouds.
Friday afternoon in Latvia will be quite sunny, cumulonimbus clouds will bring a temporary problem to the places.
Dominating moderate western winds, the air will warm to + 17 .. + 20 degrees.
In Riga, some kind of cloudy weather can bring a small temporal affair, the sun will warm the air to +19 degrees.
The weather conditions are determined by the anticyclone branch, the atmospheric pressure 761-764 mbar in millimeters at sea level.
The highest temperatures in Europe on August 11 were +38 .. + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
Lowest temperature in the night on Friday -3 ..- 8 degrees in the mountains of northern and central Europe.
The Aspazija Boulevard holds up a beaten and armed man.
The State Police (VP) arrested a drunken and armed man on the Aspazija Boulevard on Friday, said Gita Gzybovsky, VP spokeswoman.
VP has received information about the inappropriate man walking in the Aspazija Boulevard who is armed with a weapon and looks very nervous.
The crew that went to the call was in a traffic accident and the man was arrested by another crew.
A gas weapon was found at the darling man.
It has already been reported that on Friday, in a hurry to call, the State Police (VP) machine was in the center of Riga.
The accident occurred while driving on a Category A call, or to prevent a situation in which a person's health or life is endangered.
However, in the corner of Barona and Dzirnavu Street a car collided with a car.
Minister: next week it is planned to judge the remuneration of the Director General of the SRS.
Minister of Finance Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Green and Farmers' Union (ZZS)) plans to talk with Prime Minister Maris Kuczins (ZZS) and government coalition partners next week to increase remuneration for the Director-General of the State Revenue Service (SRS).
Reporter-Ozola told journalists on Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the Director General of the SRS should be urgently addressed in order to make this post more attractive to potential repeat tenderers.
Also, next week we will talk about changing the terms of the competition.
The minister also emphasized that she did not think of any particular candidate to apply for a vacant post.
At the same time, Reizniece-Ozola expressed the opinion that Inga Kolegova, Head of the State Environment Service, had been a good director of the SRS.
However, with regard to the current SRS manager Daci Peelko, who expressed readiness to apply for this post, the minister repeatedly expressed the view that the new Director General of the SRS should be "out of sight" and should not come from the SRS structure.
She also stressed that she was waiting for the Saeima to return from leave to move the laws as soon as possible to the reorganization of the SRS.
The BNS Agency has already reported that Head of the State Environmental Service Inga Kolegova has submitted a submission to Danas Reizniece-Ozolai (ZZS), which withdraws her candidacy for the post of director general of the SRS.
She said her application was not an easy choice, but during the past two weeks her relatives have undergone severe emotional pressure, although they have not committed any law-abiding activities.
Kolegova also pointed out that her candidacy had led to controversy among the ruling coalition parties, which is also unacceptable.
It was also reported that Ināra Pētersone, the former SRS Director General, left the post at the end of June.
Oil prices continue to climb, rising stock exchanges in the US and Europe, as well as US dollar value.
Global oil prices continue to rise on Friday morning, with investor sentiment having a positive impact on Saudi Arabia's oil minister's statements, which reinforces expectations that the major oil-producing countries will take steps to stabilize the global oil market in the upcoming September OPEC meeting.
The three major US stock market indices hit a record high level since 1999.
The main positive factor on the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies.
The rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several companies on Thursday also contributed to the rise in European stock markets.
The US dollar rose on Thursday against the euro against the British pound and against the Japanese yen.
In the electronic trading of the New York Stock Exchange, the price of crude oil for the WTI brand on Thursday increased by $ 1.78 to $ 43.49 per barrel.
The Brent crude oil price for October delivery on the London Stock Exchange rose by $ 1.99 to $ 46.04 a barrel.
The turnover of the cannabis manufacturer "Blue Lagoon" last year decreased by 33.8%.
The turnover of the cannabis producer Blue Lagoon last year was 4.202 million euro, which is 33.8% less than a year ago, while the company's loss decreased 5.7 times to 904.7 thousand euros, according to the annual financial report published by the database Lursoft.
The company's management report says that in 2015, the company worked at a loss due to several reasons, including the constant lack of current assets caused by the withdrawal of Unicredit Bank from the Baltic market by the termination of the pre-existing credit line and leaving the blue lagoon with concluded contracts without the ability to fulfill them.
Consequently, the company did not have enough funds to purchase cheaper raw materials in large quantities and receive a volume rebate.
The withdrawal of the respective bank from the Latvian market also prevented the company from implementing European Union structural funds support projects that would allow the plant to purchase new production equipment and modernize the infrastructure.
Similarly, corporate financial performance in the past year was negatively affected by the rise in raw material prices and the unwillingness of customers to pay more than the company's manufactured goods.
"Only in the second half of July 2016, customers acknowledged price changes and were ready to buy goods for the new - the highest - prices," the company's management points out.
Similarly, in 2015, the Blue Lagoon began discussions with prospective investors, including the valuation of movable and immovable property.
Investors have already been with the company's largest creditor, Unicredit Leasing, where the parties are familiar with and discussed potential investment plans.
At the same time, the company's operation and development was positively influenced by the implementation of the restructuring and optimization plan launched in 2014 and 2015 in life.
This plan included the improvement and optimization of technological processes, which allowed achieving higher production productivity and capacity.
"Several machines were purchased that provide higher production speeds," said the company's management.
The management of the Blue Lagoon notes that the equipment purchased in 2016 will allow the company's plant to execute orders that were not possible so far.
The first batch of production to be produced on this equipment will be ready in August.
Since there are already signed Sales Intent Protocols, all produced will be sold in accordance with the Intent Protocols.
The new product will increase the turnover by about 300 thousand euros per month, "says the company's management.
Also, in August 2016, the company plans to sign a cooperation agreement on the supply of fish products to Iraq.
The Blue Lagoon has sent the first experimental container to Israel in 2016, expanded its outlet to Cyprus, and this September will sign a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the United States.
As a result of all of the above measures, the company plans to increase its turnover.
In 2014, the Blue Lagoon worked at a turnover of EUR 6.347 million and a loss of EUR 5.113 million.
The Blue Lagoon was founded in 1997 and has a share capital of 1.156 million euros.
The company belongs to two private individuals in Latvia - Mikhail Kaidanov (89.11%) and Igor Shirkon (10.89%).
Welcome to the 15th floor of the museum to welcome the movie theater to Sara Leander and take part in a press conference.
Riga can be regarded as the beginning and inspiration of the career of the celebrated cinema diva Zar Leander.
The visit of Zar Lender to the bride Ruta, who was the Swedish ambassador to Latvia, in Riga in 1924, turned out to be fatal, because she discovered the unusual low contralto of Zar Leander's woman, which she tried to debut on the Riga Cabaret theater scene.
Perhaps it was precisely the accidental sadness in Riga that it became a fateful turning point in Zar's creative path towards world slavery.
Riga was sympathetic to Sarah Leandreis with warm memories, and she hoped to come to Riga in live shows, but unfortunately these hopes were not destined to be fulfilled as the Second World War began.
Using the form of the show, this meeting will be possible at the Riga Festival in 2016 and the great role of Saar Leander will be performed by the great Ieva Kerēvica.
In the vicinity of Aglona there are definitely wide traffic constraints.
To ensure the safety of the participants in the feast of the Feast of the Blessed Virgin Mary, from 12 August this year, from 17:00 to 15 August, at 18:00, the truck transit traffic along several state roads in the vicinity of Aglona will be closed, the State Roads of Latvia said.
These restrictions will not apply to Aglona festival participants and public transport.
It should be noted that construction works will be carried out on the P62 Kraslava-Preiļi-Madona section from Krāslava to Kraslava station (0,80-4,00 km) and only public transport and pedestrians will be able to cross the construction site in Aglona.
For other traffic, traffic will be provided by the bypass road - the scheme in the attached file.
Traditionally, a large number of participants, including pilgrims, arrive on these holidays.
Therefore, motorists should be especially careful, as there will be an intense pedestrian movement on the various road routes towards Aglona.
We encourage drivers to understand the traffic restrictions introduced, to follow traffic organization procedures, and to count on the possibility of longer journey times.
The water temperature has dropped below +20 degrees in all water bodies.
As the weather continues, water temperature continues to decrease, and now it is below +20 degrees in all rivers and lakes, as well as in the sea, according to data from the Latvian Center for Environment, Geology and Meteorology.
In the sea, the water cooled to +16 .. + 18 degrees. At the west coast of the Gulf of Riga, due to wind, the water temperature dropped to +13 degrees, in the Roja for moments up to +9 degrees.
In the Lielupe and the Daugava, as well as in large lakes, the water temperature is +18 .. + 20 degrees, in other water bodies +14 .. + 19 degrees.
A year ago, the water temperature in the rivers and lakes on the 12th of August reached +24 .. + 25 degrees, on the southern coast of the Gulf of Riga, it was warm to +22 degrees.
The Russian Army aircraft was identified near the border of Latvia.
The Russian Army aircraft was identified near the border of the Russian Federation, the BNS agency learned in the National Armed Forces.
NAF informs that on Friday, patrol aircraft over the Baltic Sea neutral waters near the territorial sea of Latvia identified the Russian armed forces aircraft "IL-20".
The BNS agency has repeatedly reported that Russian Army aircraft and Navy ships at the borders of Latvia are found on a regular basis.
An amusement park in England has had a sexual assault on two children.
The Berkshire police in England are looking for an attacker who has sexually exploited two six-year-old girls in the "Legoland" park, reports Daily Mail.
The police have asked parents to explore the photos taken in the amusement park, as they may see an attacker.
Girls told about their parents.
The man was unknown to the girls, white skin and about 20 years old.
The Kurdish activists occupy the building of the German public broadcaster.
The Kurdish group of 30 people held a WDR building in Düsseldorf on Thursday evening, where they held almost two hours of protest action, reports the German police.
Demonstrators who came with poster-picked banners spoke various slogans trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
Officials say the demonstration was generally peaceful and the protesters voluntarily left the building, at the request of the employees, ultimately.
The insurer pays compensation on Wednesday for departing flight passengers at the airport.
If Insurance paid out a travel insurance indemnity to a family on Wednesday, August 10th, at the airport "Riga" canceled a flight, which had to abandon the planned visit to the festival of music.
On August 11, If the insurance claim received an application from a client.
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium, but since it was not possible on Wednesday as a result of cancellations at the airport, the hotel was calculated for a hotel reservation fee that could not be canceled and 204 euros for the tickets purchased.
In turn, the money spent on airline tickets has been promised to customers by the airline.
If Insurance on behalf of all travel insurance indemnities paid on average 15% of the traveler's compensation for cancellation or cancellation.
"In such cases, reimbursement is paid for the purchase, return or exchange of tickets, as well as for the booking of accommodation," says Dagnija Rutka, Head of Insurance Persons' Risk Insurance Product.
As it is known, on the evening of August 10, due to technical problems on the runway of the Riga airport, a private airplane stopped, therefore, several departures were canceled, but several incoming flights had to be diverted to other airports.
Because of the repair of a neighbor, a man is breaking the ceiling and forced to leave the house.
Dmitry Saidzhashev, a neighbor of whom has started major repairs in his apartment, turned to the 4th studio at the LTV program, and since then Dmitry has ceased to stretch from the ceiling and is not convinced that staying in the apartment is safe.
The problem is that my neighbors made arbitrary construction and damaged ceilings in my apartment.
Then I informed Riga construction board, house manager and other organizations.
The building board said that we are not an operational service and we do not have any expert.
"The owner of the apartment must go to the Latvian Engineers' Union, and there will be an expert from there," says Dmitry.
The guest expert arrived, recorded the incident and acknowledged that the cover was in an unsatisfactory state.
However, since the first application of Dmitry, a month passed in the construction board, and by the beginning of this week, no one was able to answer whether the location of the apartment was not life-threatening.
The building board said that is legislation, wait, if you are not satisfied, write all in a row.
"Then I wrote to the Riga City Council, but they transferred to the house manager, then the house manager again to the construction board, and then there is a deadlock," says Dmitry.
Clearly, after examining all the paper pile, the construction works are stopped, you can hear from time to time that someone is working there.
In another two months, an expert must be carried out and, within six months, the owner of the apartment, who carries out repairs, should eliminate all of these defects.
The independent expert has developed his opinion, but the building board regards it as incomplete and superficial.
The expert has not indicated whether the metal grating in this bearing structure is affected, so there is no certainty that the owner of the lower apartment is in danger.
"Therefore, we have requested further clarification from this expert," says Ilze Zuoka, representative of the Riga City Construction Board.
Despite the ban on any repairs in the upper apartment, there is always heard that construction is continuing.
The penalty for arbitrary construction without a building permit is from 70 to 700 euros, but in the specific case the penalty can be much more severe.
As long as an expert opinion is awaited, the building board has decided that both apartments should not be operated, both in construction work and in the apartment of Dmitry.
"This is the case in the building management practice, when in this way, due to their ignorance or simply unwillingness, the inhabitants may have caused a threat not only to their own property, but also to the owner of the lower property, as a result of which the owner can not exploit their property," says the construction board spokeswoman.
Now Dmitry is tempted to look for another place to live - at relatives, friends, at the hotel or to rent another apartment.
Dmitry may try to recover from a neighbor's civilian casualties, which can take a lot of time.
Due to arbitrary construction, it is currently forbidden to stay in both apartments until the civil engineer gives his opinion, and it can be expected to wait up to three weeks.
The damages will be borne by the owner of the apartment where the repairs took place.
The owner of this apartment, due to the fact that the construction board has not taken into account, is also threatened with imprisonment for up to six months.
Guess it!
How many wives are in this picture?
The correct answer is five.
In Ukraine, five white womens were born in the Demidov zoo near Kiev.
Everyone feels good and sometimes brings him together, despite the fact that he feeds the baby together.
The conversion of the former Kemeri sanatorium into a five star hotel costs 22 million euros.
The transfer of the former Kemeri sanatorium to the five-star hotel "Park Hotel Kemeri" will cost 22 million euros, Gita Želve, representative of the future hotel management SIA Park Hotel Ķemeri, told the agency LETA.
The establishment of the hotel is the first stage of the restoration of Ķemeri former sanatorium.
The second phase will be Wellness or Wellness Clinic, which is scheduled to open in 2022, while the hotel's opening is scheduled for May 2018.
Želve notes that the exact cost of the clinic is not yet known.
But she says she will be in a former clinic at the Ķemeri resort, with an area of approximately 12,000 square meters.
The clinic will be located on three floors.
Park Hotel Kemeri and the owner of the proposed clinic are the international fund "G Capital Europe", which invests in European assets.
"G Capital Europe" is owned by several investors who invest in this fund, Želve points out.
As George Gonzali, CEO of G Capital Europe, said it's planned to invest 12 to 15 million euros in the establishment of a former health resort clinic, with an investment totaling over EUR 30 million.
Jurmala City Council plans to attract EUR 14.5 million from the European Union funds, with co-financing of three to four million euros, which has already been announced in the restoration of the cultural heritage park in the area of more than 42 hectares, the rehabilitation of access roads and streets, interactive nature tourism facility construction, improvement of the territory and construction of car parks in Emīla Dārziņa Street, which will promote Jurmala city socio-economic development and increase in the number of tourists.
By mid-2017, design works are planned, but construction work and arrangement work will begin in the autumn of next year.
As reported, it is planned to build a five star hotel "Park Hotel Kemeri" and "wellness" or a wellness clinic in the historic sanatorium complex "Ķemeri".
However, the reconstruction is delayed.
However, in the 2010 report, it was further argued that "Ominasis" regularly communicates with the hotel operator "Kempinski", which continues to provide daily technical control at the Kemeri sanatorium ", and already in 2011 the" reconstruction of the finished hotel "Ķemeri" will definitely be completed "and immediately begin preparations for the Kempinski chain hotel opening.
In October 2014, Park Hotel Kemeri confirmed its readiness to buy the insolvent sanitary property of Kemeri sanatorium belonging to Ominasis Latvia, but a month later the auction was declared unfulfilled because the winner had not paid for the purchase within the time specified.
The selling price was set at the closing price of the last auction - EUR 2.86 million.
As the city council spokeswoman Ieva Aile informed the agency LETA, the municipality, by signing the protocol, has confirmed that with the support of the European Union structural funds co-financing will arrange the adjoining infrastructure - will restore the historic Kemeri park, create an interactive nature tourism object, arrange roads and parking lots.
The president will give the Order of Three Stars to the opera singer Antoņenko.
President Raimonds Vejonis next week, on August 16, will award the Order of Three Star III Class opera singer Alexander Antoņenko, according to the President's agenda.
The three-star order ceremony will be held at the Blackheads House at 13:00.
According to the information provided by the Latvian National Opera and Ballet (LNOB), Antonov graduated from the Jāzeps Medins Music College in 1998, where he studied the wind instrument and learned singing at Margarita Gruzdeva.
Studied at the Voice department of Jāzeps Vītols Latvian Academy of Music in Arvīds Lustes class.
In 1997, he began singing in the Latvian National Opera Choir, but in 1998 he debuted with Oberto's role in G. F. Hans's opera "Alcina".
He received the "Great Music Award 2003" for vocal performance in opera performances and Verdi Rekviem.
It has been pointed out that in the 2004/2005 season it has become the internationally recognized tenor of Latvia, which is sponsored by the world's largest operatists.
Since autumn 2004 he has been singing "Düsseldorf Deutsche Oper am Rhein", Berlin and Graz Opera, Semperoper Dresden, Oslo and Stockholm Royal Operas, London Covent Garden, Monte Carlo Opera, Vienna State Opera, as well as Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf Opera and the Salzburg Festival.
In 2009, Antonov debuted with great success at the Metropolitan Opera in the role of Princess "Nārā".
In 2011, Antonyenko and Ricardo Muti and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra sang "Otello" in the Paris Opera, while in Covent Garden, he sang Luigi's "Apmetna" new production and participated in the "Woman from the West" staged by Christoph Loja in Stockholm.
A year later Antonyenko sang with great success Othello's role in the London Covent Garden.
Former NATO commander Brydlow's e-mail has been hacked by Russian hackers.
A hacker hijacking DNC computers may have crippled several other cyber attacks, including a spoofed e-mail by former commander of the NATO European Force Philippe Brydlow and servers from the Open Society Institute of George Soros, a Bloomberg news agency reported on Thursday.
Hacker posted information at DCLeaks.com.
Among other things, there is Burlad's correspondence and information on the work of the Soros Institute.
For hackers, the Institute's computers have been available for a whole year.
According to Bloomberg, these cyber attacks were carried out by the same hacker-related Russian intelligence who cracked DNC e-mails.
The Wall Street Journal, in turn, reports that the administration of the US President Barack Obama is currently considering the issue of imposing new sanctions on Russia in response to the DNC computer hacking.
In order to enforce sanctions, the administration will be officially cyberattacked by hackers backed by Russian or Russian authorities for Democratic Party servers.
As reported, the WikiLeaks website released about 20,000 emails from the DNC computer system in July that allegedly Democrats were trying to harm the party campaign candidate Hillary Clinton's former rival, Vermont Senator Burns Sanders, in the campaign for the Democrats' nomination in the presidential election.
As reported by US press sources, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which is conducting a crackdown on democrats' servers, as well as other US special services, believe Russia's connection with cyber-attacks is undoubtedly undisputed.
McCartney: The presence of Joko Ono threatened The Beatles.
Paul McCartney has admitted that the presence of Joco Ono has created a sense of jeopardy for the legendary band The Beatles.
The 74-year-old rock star is currently maintaining a "good" relationship with the widow of the late John Lennon, but at the time she went to the studio to visit the band, McCartney scared her because Ono was the only woman among the band members - George Harrison, Ringo Stare, Lennon and McCartney.
When the singer asked about both relationships, he told Rolling Stone: "They are really good."
We felt threatened at that time.
While we were recording, she sat on the amplifiers.
Most of the band could not bear it.
We were able to do it, but not very successful, because we were very tense.
I was not sexist, but girls usually did not go to the recording studio, they allowed us to work.
When John started meeting with Joko, she did not sit in the control room, but in the middle of our four.
The author of the "Yellow Submarine" has also acknowledged that he is now in regular contact with former Ringo member, and from time to time confirms the work plans of Apple's record studios, but the "Beatles" are "no longer working" in any way.
Asked if he still meets another legendary rock group, McCartney told Rolling Stone: "Often not."
We meet at social events and parties.
However, I do not go to meetings, I feel a little distanced from it.
I left Apple during a hard divorce.
In my place, I sent John Eastman to the meetings and said: "Tell me all that says, because I can not sit at the table."
It was too painful to see her dying.
The company now works so that I just listen to all the records.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA's climate model: Venus has once been a habitable planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venus has once been a habitable planet.
Scientists at the NASA Godard Space Research Institute have developed a model to explore Venus's history using tools and algorithms that climate scientists also use.
The model was developed to determine whether Earth-like conditions have ever occurred on Venus, whose surface is hot, where there is no water and whose atmosphere is almost entirely carbon.
Scientists have already suggested in advance that Venus's slow speed is explained by the dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulations show that Venus had once had a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and turned slowly.
The model also looks at Venus's earlier topography.
There were more dry areas on the planet than on Earth, but there was plenty of water and geographic diversity to make life possible and prevent evaporation of water.
In the early days of Venus, the Sun was 30 percent brighter.
GISS model simulation Venus's rotation model reveals that the light part of the day lasts for 2 months, the GISS scientist Antony Del Genio explained in a press release.
This process warms the surface of the planet and causes a thing, which in turn forms thick layers of clouds that act as an umbrella, protecting the planet from the heat of the sun.
The result is a moderate climatic temperature, which is actually a few degrees lower than Earth's temperature today.
The model depicts the history of Venus, which is similar to the theory of evolution, which scientists have developed in their hypotheses.
Although it has been inhabited ever since, over a billion years, Venus has been exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet rays.
Its oceans evaporated, and the vapor was burned by ultraviolet rays.
As the water evaporated completely, the only plan was a carbon dioxide atmosphere with a deadly greenhouse gas - the Venus we know today.
Scientists have published the results of the new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Row retires from Avalanche's coach
On Thursday, Patrick Roe, coach and ice hockey operations coach at Colorado's Avalanche, dismissed the lack of influence on team decision-making as a reason.
Colorado's vice president and general manager Joe Sakik confirmed this post and informed that the club would immediately begin to seek a new coach.
"For the past three years, I've been energetically, enthusiastically and focused on my role as head coach and vice president of Colorado Club Hockey Operations," 50-year-old Row reports in a statement.
During this summer, I've been thinking a lot about how I can improve team performance in order to give it the necessary brilliance and achieve higher levels of performance.
To achieve this, the visions of the vice-president of the main trainer and hockey operations must be fully in line with the organization's visions.
He should also be able to influence the decisions relating to team performance.
At present, these conditions are not met.
Say who hired Row on May 23, 2013, thanked Raw for his investment in the team.
Sakis said that Patrick informed him about his decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organization and wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the Avalanche team from 2013 to 2014, Roy was named the league's best coach and received the Jack Adams Prize.
He helped the club reach 112 points and the first place in the Central Division, while the Colorado team won the Minnesota hockey players in the first round of elimination games. Since then, the club has not entered the elimination games for two years.
Avalanche closed the 2015-2016 season with a score of 39-39-4 and left five points behind the "Wild" team without obtaining the second special invitation by the Western Conference organizers.
Goalkeeper of the Hall of Fame Roi won four Stanley Cups in his career - two with Montreal's Canadiens and two with Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers are resuming talks and strike out
Workers 'strikes on workers' fees for the North Sea Oil Platform have been completed, as both parties to the dispute have resumed talks, the negotiators said.
Periodic attacks on North Sea oil platforms operated by Royal Dutch Shell against struggling Wood Group oil companies.
The joint statement states that the Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions have agreed to resume talks to resolve the dispute.
Several full-day meetings are scheduled to take place in the coming weeks, which will begin at the beginning of next week with a view to revising the problematic issues.
Trade unions said their recent events, organized after more than a 25-year break, are targeted at a planned salary cut of 30 percent.
Due to the negative pressure from the market, Wood Group reduced wages for North Sea workers by 9 percent this year.
Already in 2014, the company reduced wages for land workers by 10 percent.
The company explains that the additional salary reductions would allow the company to survive the recession.
Shell has already cut wages for several thousands of people and announced plans to cut off its oil and natural gas activities in 10 countries to optimize its work in preparation for a large-scale merger deal with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to falling oil prices, and the situation is further complicated by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
At the beginning of the week, the Scottish Parliamentarian, Dave Anderson, met workers' representatives to discuss one of the key issues - North Sea strike plans.
He said the North Sea is vital for the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole need an economy that benefits all, not individual individuals.
In 2016, new North Sea projects are expected to invest almost $ 1.4 billion, compared to $ 7 billion invested in the last five years.
Kepler-sized stellar spin speed in the Moonlight Constellation.
The latest Kepler telescope mission has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalog of the speed of stars in the Pleasure Constellation.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in this constellation are turning at different speeds, as well as how the speed of stars is attributable to the formation of planets.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other constellations, we will get more information about the relationship between star mass, age and even the history of the solar system," Luis Rebula, a Pasadena Caltech Infrasarkan Process and Analytical Center spokeswoman, said in a news release.
The moonlit constellation is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this constellation are only beginning to grow, reaching about 125 million years old.
They rotate at maximum speed.
When moving at a maximum speed, these growing stars release a large number of star winds.
When they reach the stars in the magnetic field, they brace stars.
As the stars age, their rotation speed is reduced.
Kepler measures the speed of each star by determining the time between the appearance of a recognizable stellar area, such as the sun's spots.
The latest catalog of spin speeds suggests that larger stars rotate more slowly than smaller stars.
Rebble compares stars with dancing, bigger dancers make pirates slower than small dancers.
Reblem tells us that Pleiades' ballet shows that slowly rotating objects are bigger and more massive, while faster rotating objects are very small stars.
Thanks to the fact that the Pleasure Constellation is so close, it serves as a great space laboratory where you can compare star characteristics with spin speeds.
Reblem tells us that the Pleasure constellation helps form theoretical models for stellar rotation in both directions for both older and newer stars.
We still have a lot to learn how, when and why the speed of the stars slow down and their complete stopping process.
Rebus and his colleagues presented in detail the analysis of the speed of the Pleiades star in three new publications that will be published shortly in the Astronomical Journal.
