28 years old cook found dead in San Francisco in the supermarket
This week a supermarket kāpņutelpā found dead in 28 years old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco.
But the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would want to hurt his brother, noting that: "His life has finally started to improve."
The body, which was found on Wednesday at Vestfīldas supermarket, has been identified as 28 year old San Francisco resident formula Galicia, said San Francisco forensic expertise in office spokesman.
San Francisco police announced that his death as a murder and is currently under investigation.
The victim's brother Luis Galicia told KGO San Francisco raidstacijai ABC, that formula has previously worked as a cook in Boston, but six months ago, he got his dream job in a restaurant "Sons & Daughters" in San Francisco.
The restaurant's "Sons & Daughters" representative informs that the news of his death shocked and struck them.
"We are a small team, working as a cohesive family and we will miss him very much," said the spokesman.
In this difficult time, our thoughts are with the friends and family Frenka.
Luis Galicia tells us that at the beginning of the formula was nakšņojis hosteļos, but in recent times, life has finally had improved.
He ievācās "a new apartment and met with a girl," Louis told radio station KGO.
Luis Galicia claims that he did not know who would like to cause over his younger brother.
He was a good man with a heart. "
"He always palutināja my family, pagatavojot garšīgu a meal and preparing dinner," said Luis Galicia
He never did not want to get involved in disputes.
He was the brother, who pielāgojās rest.
"In light of everything that has gone wrong in the world, he was like a raw diamond that postseason shone on a daily basis," he says.
Anyone who has information about the incident is asked to call SFPD Information phone 415-575-4444.
The new doctors' strike: Calls for new protests
New doctors' representatives demanding their trade unions to launch protests in a dispute over a new contract.
The British Medical Association (LMA) New Physicians Committee (jak) is going to require council to support the wider protests at the beginning of September.
Jak believes that ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the contract.
In July, the young doctors and medical students rejected the contract offered by the LMA.
Voted against the contract, 58% of all members who took part in the vote.
On Thursday evening in a message on Twitter, a member of the Board of jak Elēna Makkorta points out that the government continues to remain silent on this issue and therefore the contract offer is rejected.
She said: "Having said that, as a result of jak contract offer is totally rejected and the decision to require new formal talks to discuss the most important issues."
In response to the government's silence, jak today formally requested a meeting with the LMA Board to authorised a new contract, which would come into force in September.
The dispute resulted in the new doctors took part in six strikes, including, for the first time in the history of the NHS stopped working.
After the vote, which LMA were rejected the proposed contract conditions, recommended by the BMA, resigned LMA representative of the new doctor, Dr Johann Malawana.
Before meeting with 54,000 young doctors and medical students, he said members of the BMA, that the offer is good and will be accepted.
After the vote, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hants was informed that the contract will be concluded with the England medical team.
Russia and Turkey: Excluded the alliance?
Gesture, which has put an end to the crisis.
The Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday to announce sarokotos and lasted for eight months on the floor and economic sanctions by the end of the war.
However, Vladimir Putin sasveicinoties with Turkish leaders in St. Petersburg Palace, had the impression that this partnership more need for Ankara.
However, both sarokojās.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked samākslots and did not cause warm emotions, even taking into account his usual reticence.
In contrast, Recep Erdoğan Tajjips at least five times has described Putin as a "dear friend," according to Tuesday's meeting.
I nojuka number.
He also pledged that relations with Russia will not only up to the level before the crisis, but will become even stronger.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdoğan behaved as if nothing had happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm leads to conflicting feelings.
But from Putin starojošais vēsums shows that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
The first thing he mentioned in his speech, was the downing of the Russian plane on the Syrian border.
At the time, Moscow has reacted strongly.
Putin has accused Ankara that it would iedūrusi Moscow wearing.
Injuries was even more painful, given that it came from a friend's hand.
To restore genuine confidence is going to be very difficult, maybe even impossible.
Since November, the Russian public stance has changed.
For several months the government controlled television spread aggressive accusations against Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed that everything was guilty of the Turks.
It was the most serious accusations that Erdoğan's own family made profits from illegal oil trade with Islamic State controlled parts of Syria.
He himself is, of course, denied.
However, the St Petersburg meeting the main message that it's time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin President Erdoğan received an apology.
Russia it could be seen as a kind of victory.
Ankara benefits from the peace settlement is obvious.
Firstly, Erdoganam need all possible friends after the failed coup last month, in which he tried to overthrow.
The numerous terrorist attacks have shaken his positions.
It is also economic motives. "
Russian sanctions have caused substantial losses, especially in the charter ban, which normally provides each year, several million Russian tourists influx of Turkish resorts.
The number of tourists dropped by almost 90%.
The Russian tūroperatori and čarterkompānijas relaxed will breathe easy when scheduled flights will be resumed.
They are hoping to leave fever in the Mediterranean end of the season.
Already this week, state TV says the fruit and vegetable prices fall, because it will be renewed Turkish fruit and vegetable imports.
As the quotes from the local newspaper Vedemosti: "Tourists them, tomatoes for us."
But the visit also had other political motives from Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for, in their view, the weak response to the attempted coup.
On the whole, can also pieskatīt dissatisfaction with protracted negotiations for accession to the EU and Putin's intervention, who are willing to use the situation that Turkey moved completely away from the West.
The Russian leader will undoubtedly won papildpunktus Ankara's eyes, expressing support for the elected government after the attempted coup.
Please note that Moscow is well understood, in itself is a deeply rooted fear of regime change in the country.
The summit, which was held in the greznajā seaside castle, gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present, as one analyst described it, "marginalized" alliance, the two countries who feel excluded from the West, are joining forces.
But despite the publicly displayed by some unity between the two countries there are still significant differences of opinion.
The main disagreement is Syria, where Russia is presenting itself as a medium for peace, but in fact, Russia and Turkey supports the other side.
After more than three hours past the initial talks, if you don't want to disclose the information, the two presidents at a press conference, announced that they have not discussed the issue.
The Turkish president purposefully avoided questions about the differences between the two countries, while President Putin wanted to highlight them.
There is no clear consensus as to how the two countries could find common ground on the issue of Syria.
But after months of openly hostile relations and potential disaster, when NATO member Turkey have been downed by Russian warplanes, the situation has improved, as the two leaders at least has relaunched the negotiations.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside of Scotland
SKB brand will continue to be supportive role, said the bank's CEO.
Outside the Scottish SKB will no longer be available.
Ross Makevans told the BBC channel in Scotland, the SKB brand was its association with the bank's ambitions on the global stage.
It has abandoned those ambitions, because eight years ago the bank almost went bankrupt, and it was in need of financial assistance.
Bradshaw zīmolvedības strategy experts have used the SKB brand, in order to protect other consumer financial brands.
The bank has received millions of pounds from the international sports sponsors, starting with the Six Nations rugby and ending with the Wimbledon title tennis champion Andy Mureju.
But now it has been decided to put at the forefront of other national brands.
The Scottish Royal Banaka will be available to Scottish customers, but it will not be inicializēta.
In England and Wales all SKB references, outside the main office and the official stock exchange list, will be replaced on the name from NatWest.
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland are already being used in the brand The Ulster Bank.
Now attention will also smaller private financial brands, such as Coutts and Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Makevans was intervēts izbrauciena time with customers and employees via Invernesšīru.
He told BBC Scotland channel: "SKB will become our investors' brand and the work of our staff, because now we are becoming more than a brand of banking."
By the time the bank itself became a global brand and SKB became a global brand.
Now I say that we no longer have a global ambition, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique in our industry and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
SKB has already announced that he will not "Six Nations" sponsorship and involve various brands of sports co-sponsors.
"It is the right time to become a brand of banking, because we have long been themselves have been asking the question, how to become a better bank for our customers?" Says CEO.
Three years ago, it would have been very cynical, if we announce that we become a great bank for our customers and will develop those brands.
But thanks to the hard work and focus on customer needs, rather than our own needs, we obviously have made a big difference.
Once again we can revive these brands, so I think that now is the right time.
Frenkijs Detori wins 3000th victory, winning first place with horse Ņūmārketā Predilection
Detori atkorķē champagne, winning its 3000th finišējot twice to win the first races Ņūmārketā.
On Friday žokejs Frenkijs Detori won his 3000th victory in British history, winning first place Ņūmārketā.
He reached it, winning a second victory in the race, which took place in his home town on horseback with Predilection, John Gosdens.
The 45 year old Italian is the sixth žokejs, who has reached a result sprinta horse races.
He Gordonam has joined Sir Ričardsam, Dougam Gymnastics, Lesteram Pigotam, Pītam Ederijam and Villijam Karsonam.
Trīskārtējais champion žokejs Detori, who previously won by horses Ghayyar, said: "This is something special."
I am very moved, because my family is here.
I am very happy that it happened Ņūmārketā, because I lived here for 30 years.
This is not a race, this is not a Royal Askota, but rather an ordinary Friday night, along with 20 000 people.
I am relieved and very grateful.
After winning Detori and Predilection is being met with applause and celebration.
Two jockeys ride around have achieved this record races with obstacles - champion Richard Johnson and careers beigušais 20-kārtējs champion Sir Anthony Makkojs, who installed a series of records in his career, winning more than 4 300 victories.
Lesters Pigots, deviņkārtējs Madrid derby between the winner, has shown up 4493 career victories.
Frenkijs is one of the best in contemporary žokejiem and comes as no surprise that he has scored a success that few are able to achieve.
He is a fashionable and powerful, but his tactical sense distinguishes him from other žokejiem.
He is a fantastic racing representative, his enthusiasm and harizma years attracts fans for this type of sport.
A few weeks ago Epsomas Frenkijam races I said that he had already has shown up 6,000 won, if only to take part in weekend and in the big races.
But speaking seriously, it is a real pleasure that Frenkijs for 30 years, regularly makes winning races in the UK.
He was full of life, which serves excellent British races, and he is an excellent žokejs.
He Detori formula that achievement with his hallmark - flying nolēcienu.
From finišēšanas wind speed until lidojošam nolēcienam, Frenkijs Detori already twenty years of British horse racing's face.
This has been full of adventure.
He has won numerous big races, including the 1996 slavenai "excellent" Septītnieks Askotā, moreover, survived the plane crash and a touchline ban for drug use.
Three years ago, it was difficult for him to come back after a six month ban, but he demonstrated his strength of character, challenging those who questioned him, returning to his best form.
And he might be able to take part in races for some time yet - Detori has previously said that he would like to continue to participate in the races until at least 50 years of age.
Russian President Putin dismissed the administration leader Sergey has
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dissolved the administration leader Sergey has.
Ivanov has for many years been Putin's closest circle of people.
Now 63 years old politician has been appointed as Special Representative of the natural and transport issues.
The Kremlin statement said that Putin "has decided to release from the head of the Russian presidential administration job responsibilities," without giving any reason.
Ivanova was appointed to office instead of blaming Antons, who was his deputy since 2012.
The 44 year old blame is izbijis diplomat.
Blame was born in 1972 the Estonian capital, Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MVSAI) and later worked at the Tokyo embassy.
According to the Kremlin's website (in Russian), later he led the presidential protocol and government employees in the administration.
Putin after the appointment, he said: "Thank you for your trust."
In my opinion, the administration's main job is to support your work as president of the country, drawing up laws and controlling your decisions are carried out.
Putin on Friday told a Russian broadcaster off air that Ivanov himself wanted to leave the office and recommended blamed as a substitute.
Or smiles convinces?
This step Moscow embarrassed about that. "
Sergei Ivanov is an old and close ally of Vladimir Putin and, like Putin, who worked for the Soviet KGB security service.
In this capacity, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
Country in a televised meeting, the two men announced that Ivanov resigns on his own initiative.
But despite a series of chambers talked, rarely with such an explanation convincing, especially ahead of parliamentary elections.
Whether it is the result, linked to the struggle for power?
No one knows.
However, the official statement that the man, who was considered a possible president himself suddenly wanted to become the head of Russia's environmental policy, is regarded with great scepticism.
The Kremlin website published remarks Ivanov told Putin: "It is a fact that at the beginning of 2012, I ask you to me to entrust this difficult job, one might even say, problematic post for four years.
It turns out that I have been working in office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Previously, he served as prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former KGB employee of the National Security Service, as well as Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Putin headed the Federal Security Service, a successor to the KGB, Ivanov served as his deputy post.
When Putin came to power, he has called the five people among whom he trusted most.
At the end of Putin's second term Ivanov was considered a potential presidential candidate in Russia, as Putin's re-election to a third term would be unconstitutional.
But at the time of the president became another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister, and after three and a half years ago returned to the presidential office.
Mīklainā appearance of fish in a garden in the city Banfas
One man from the Banfas asking for help to clarify the circumstances of what species of fish have appeared in his garden Banfā.
Kevin Beins thinks that 75 fish could be sand eels, who travelled with ūdensstabu.
Mr Beina, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, the fish released the video on Periscope, cerēdams that someone might know how these 5 centimetres big fish in his garden.
Kvīnsferijas krustojums: The bridge is now hooked up with Faifu.
Now costing £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed in May 2017.
Engineers have savienojuši Kvīnsferijas an arrangement on the northern part of and viaduktu, which means that the bridge is now hooked up with Faifu.
The first of four savienojošajam parts has been completed, which means that the construction of the bridge is nearing its end.
Faifas bridge design is 600 metres long and weighing 30 000 tonnes.
It consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel, 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
Now costing £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed in May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keits Brown today had visited the construction site and was one of the first to walk on the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historic moment Kvīnsferijas bridge construction."
In this project we are seeing an unrivalled engineering solution, where only those parts used in the construction of more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel.
Despite the enormous weight and size of the bridge, and the bridge connecting viadukta is an extremely delicate process, which requires a tremendous precision.
In total, more than 79% of the bridge deck has already been built and the final stage, which will connect the bridge with the Rosyth will be ieklāts today, which means that all parts of the bridge are ready ieklāšanai.
The fourth bridge connection project director Michael Martin said: "The first link is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
In this draft fantastiskajā first compound demonstrates the higher class inženierbūvniecību.
Following the path of the last phase of the installation and its connections with the support of the northern tower, we were postponed to connect the northern part of the road sections of land or viaduktu.
This was done, in the northern part of pabīdot piebrauktuves viadukta 700 milimetrus south.
It was a huge and at the same time a very delicate operation.
A huge, because viadukts has 222 metres long, weigh approximately 6,000 tonnes and was jāpavelk bed around 3%.
A delicate, because clearance in both directions, which worked with the team, there were only a few milimetri.
Fortunately, everything was well.
Simona Bailsa gold Louis women. "
Forgotten tension.
Been forgotten.
It Simonu Bailsu does not bother. "
Dynamically lēcieni.
It vingrojumus readily executes on.
The unparalleled on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally also the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 19 year old American vingrotāja won the gold medal, fully demonstrating the gap between themselves and the rest of the world on the Olympic stage.
She 62,198 the total number of points was a cut above the silver medal winners and her team biedrenes Alijas Raismanes results and bronze medal winner in the Russian sportswomen Alijas Mustafinas results.
On Thursday, the US carried out a bit Simona Bailsa vingrojumu on it sports gymnastic individual daudzcīņas Ufa women in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bailsa became the fourth American in a row, which acquired daudzcīņas Championship title and fifth best gymnast, slowly forging a reputation as the best of his generation vingrotāja and, possibly, the best gymnast in history.
When it was announced the final result, she escaped asarās, because the long path to this moment was over.
This achievement in their ranks alongside nepārspējamiem athletes such as Michael Felps, who picked up his sport to another level.
Bailsa over the past three years has dominated the sport in his way, gaining 15 world championships medals, including 10 gold medals, with such excellent, precise and ambitious vingrojumu combinations, the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Retone described him as "the best gymnast, which she has ever seen."
In Brazil, he was the last test, where she was largely compete with hopes pinned on him, rather than with the other women.
His frustrating, if they returned to their homes Springā, Texas without gold medals.
The U.S. female Simona Bailsa (left) and Alija Raismane apskaujas respectively after the retirement of gold and silver medals in the sport in the final of the women's gymnastics individual daudzcīņas for summer 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place on Thursday.
The first gold medal Bailsa won on Tuesday, making a special sample coordinator Martas Karolji farewell party.
Although Bailsa argues that in his long road to glory peaks had been waiting for anything, however, it is not true.
She priekšnesuma part of the liberal movements, which includes her special akrobātiskā transition, accompanied by Latin music, which would on the street next to the Rio Olympic Games arēnai.
It is not a coincidence.
The girl, whose adoptēja her grandparents when she was still zīdainis and which opened treneres Eimijas Būrmanas mother a field trip in the sports hall, where Būrmanes terniņi took place, has now become a force with which to contend.
She daudzcīņas has not lost a race since the summer of 2013 and the winning streak can continue for as long as Bailsa wants it.
While Mustafina two rotation No.110, a little at a time, it was just an illusion.
Balance beam and free movement - part of the race, where Bailsa will defend their Championship title, is yet to come.
She 15,433 came up at the top of the results of it and cemented the lead with results 15.933 liberal movements
He Raismane mildly apskāva, while they waited for the results, which was only a formality and she escaped asarās joy when something of a dream in which she was once ierakstījusi grāmatiņā in his remarks.
Raismanes result was a little revenge for the events of four years old when she was divided in third place with Mustafinu, however, lost the battle for the bronze medal.
This time, the 22 year old team captain, what the Americans call a "grandmother," posing a convincing lead.
After the performance of the liberal movements, which responded to doubts about her return, she was able to devote air first crowd.
In the meantime, 19 year old Bailsas virālajam Twitter entries r, which she published this week, now has a completely different meaning.
6 year old Mahajs Brown "bullets sacaurumots" survives in Philadelphia.
Police said a 6 year old boy has been shot Philadelphia, pointing out that it is already the second sešgadnieks, who shot this week in Philadelphia.
The child's grandparents CBS Philadelphia news channel confirmed that it is Mahajs Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown was shot several times, including in his groin, leg, hand and stomach, but was still conscious when they took him to the hospital.
She Deloresa Melendeza grandmother told TV: "His baby body was simply sacaurumots bullets."
I can't believe it.
The boy is in a critical condition is being kept in a hospital and has already undergone several operations.
The family informed that he would certainly sound.
He had to start to go in first class at a local primary school.
Brown is one of four people who shot Džermantaunas in part of the city.
It was also were shot three men: Two men aged 29 and one of the 32 year old man.
Channel CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29 years old men are in a critical condition, while the other two victims' condition is stable.
Channel reported that the child was found in the front seat next to the 29 year old victim in a critical condition.
The other two victims were not members of the ambulance and the police is investigating whether any of them had been the aggressor.
Investigator told CBS Philadelphia station, that is likely to have been involved in a number of marksmen.
At the scene found weapon patrons čaulītes belonging to a variety of weapons.
It seems that it has been a long the firing.
On both sides of the pavement čaulītes found.
"Consequently, it appears that there have been a number of armed marksmen who actively participated in the incident," said Philadelphia Police Captain Anthony Ginaldi.
Damage caused to a number of homes and cars.
No one has yet been arrested and it is reported that the police checked surveillance camera recordings.
On Tuesday shooting nomaldījusies bullet hit a 6 year old meitenītei in hand, while his were playing in front of their homes Vestoukleinas district.
She is slowly recovering, but the police are still looking for the perpetrator.
Why do we need a Simona, Gabija and Laurija?
I call it the steps of the Women's Olympic team for a number of reasons.
First of all, I have been to all the summer Olympic Games since 1984, and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, this team has three vieglatlētes, Simona Bailsa, Gabija Duglasa and Laurija Hernandeza, which inspires many young girls home.
People can be proud that this team is also Alija Raismane, who is Jewish and Medisona Kociana, who is a Catholic.
Finally, this team really represent America.
It has also strengthened the black and Latin American athletes' participation in this sport.
Over the last four years the best vingrotāja has followed African origin.
Last year, Simona and Gabija ranked 1st and 2nd place.
These are impressive results.
Previous Olympic Games Gabija Duglasa surprisingly, became an Olympic champion, and America could have been līksmot.
Now the world has seen neticamus vingrojumus, which complied with the triple world champion Simona Bailsa, Duglasa and Laurija Hernandeza, through an unprecedented, but meistarīgus vingrojumus.
Simona on Thursday became the fourth consecutive American, who has won the gold medal individual daudzcīņā women.
She biedrene Alija Raismane team won the silver medal.
We have seen the best of what this sport can bring, but the rest of the country, the situation gymnastic classes are completely different.
Simona, Gabija and Laurija entered in the Olympic team as Alija and Medisona.
They Piecinieks "Olympic," because the next Olympic gymnastic team will have only four athletes, and this is the last year of the treneres Martas Karolas treneres work.
In fact exercise is an expensive sport. Vingrotāji vieglatlētikas trenējas mainly private clubs, and their parents, who pays for training, accommodation, travel, formastērpiem, hotels (coaches, athletes and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these vieglatlētikas clubs are located in urban areas, which can afford this sport.
These clubs athletes discharged all their exercises, and it is a costly and long contribution to the families of the steps.
Eimija Būrmana - rights Bailsas time and Maggie Hainija - Laurijas Hernandezas trenējušas time is their female since the two girls began to vieglatlētiku.
We must ensure that young girls who inspires Simona, Gabija and Laurija, cheaper gymnastic training opportunities.
I vieglatlētikas founded their own organisation 20 years ago.
I organizācijaatrodas Hārlemā, and we are offering more than 15,000 young people in the city (mostly black and Hispanic origin) gymnastic exercises for free or at low cost. "We have who were trained to national and international champions.
In September, we will discover a branch in Detroit (in my home town), to ensure that the local young people the opportunity to get to know this great sport.
Vieglatlētika develops strength, lokanumu and body coordination, also teaches hard work, discipline and commitment to the goal.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success, both at school and at work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls train with athletics and it is fantastic.
To deal with this type of sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is a very exciting time.
Thank you Simona, Alija, Gabija and Medisona on the excellent "The Force" demonstrations, winning the Olympic gold medals and motivating countless young girls of diverse backgrounds to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After rejecting the offer Džeremija Hanta, young doctors are planning to deploy more strikes.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute by reaching an agreement on changes to the treaty with representatives of the British Medical Association. "But it was rejected by 58 per cent of the 37,000 new doctor who took part in the vote.
In July, Hants announced plans to enter into a contract, pointing out that the NHS is in a precarious condition and any further delay will only harm workers and patients.
The first new doctors have already signed up to a new treaty, which requires changes in the conditions of work the night shift and weekends to improve working conditions for irregular working hours.
Yesterday evening, the BMA's new doctor Dr. Elēna Makourta announced that young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will deepen the crisis of the labour force and it does not provide a level playing field for all doctors.
There are eight weeks until the first of the new group of doctors will sign a new contract, so to make progress, because time is running out.
BMA attempts to resolve the problem through negotiations have been confronted with the government's unwillingness to engage in, and sometimes with complete silence.
This has happened despite the fact that only last month, Jeremy Hants said that his door is always open.
Džeremijam Hantam must take immediate action to stop inaction and cooperate with the new doctors.
If he does not do so, then the new doctors are ready for new protests.
During the last strike in late April were postponed for more than 13 000 routine operations and 100,000 visits, while nurses and consultants tried to replace doctors who had gone to picket.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute by reaching an agreement on changes to the treaty with representatives of the British Medical Association.
BMA wants to raise the rate of work at weekends 54,000 new doctors, which would be subject to the new contracts.
NHS Jobs Executive Director Daniel Mortimers invited the young doctors nedoties strikes.
Mr Mortimera explains that strikes does not solve anything, but only increases the pressure on the pressed staff and worry, causes stress and burden to patients, carers and their families.
In the last two months, we have spoken to the new doctor, and together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions have responded positively to their questions about aizgādniekiem and whistleblowers.
Employers in the hopes that the active cooperation in other important issues, such as the deployment of staff, flexible training, in addition to training for those returning after a career break, the cost of training, training programmes for mutual recognition, leaving their studies and gender pay inequality in medicine - shows that employers, England Health Education Authority and the Ministry of Health seriously wants to pursue an agreement entered into with BME in November, February and May.
Medicines for £2 a day can reduce the risk of heart attacks.
Thousands of patients who have been sirdstrieka, could be treated with medicine for £2 per day, as the official representatives to recommend its use in more people and for a longer period of time.
Ticagrelor Pretrecēšanas medication reduces the risk of recurrent heart attack people with sirdsslimībām.
These medicines are already being prescribed for use in the 12 months after heart attacks, reducing the risk of recurrent heart attacks.
NHS, NICE recommends the use of these preparations for 4 years after heart attacks, in order to further reduce the risk of heart attacks for people with cardiovascular problems.
But at the moment the NHS under existing NICE recommends the use of these preparations for 4 years after heart attacks, in order to further reduce cardiovascular risk.
Each year, approximately 140 000 people in England is experiencing a heart attack and a quarter of them are experiencing a heart attack or stroke.
Heart attack and stroke is caused by fat accumulation heart sieniņās, leading to obstruction.
If aizsprostojums burst, it can create trombu, blocking blood flow to the heart and causing a heart attack.
On the other hand, if trombs detached from the vascular wedge, it may fall further asinsritē and block blood to the brain, causing a heart attack.
The people who have been sirdstrieka, are at greater risk of recurrent heart attacks.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British firm lifesaving and sold under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of developing trombu.
The new NICE guidelines, which were published today, recommends that people consume 90 mg Ticagrelor for 12 months and a further 3 years around 60 mg twice a day, along with aspirin.
Nice health technology director Professor Kerola Longsona explains: "Despite the fact that the medicines are available to prevent recurrent heart attacks, more than a quarter of people who have been sirdstrieka, going through yet another heart attack or stroke, which often have severe consequences."
Fear of recurrent heart attacks can have a negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Evidence suggests that effective Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin reduces the risk of recurrent heart attacks and heart for people who once had already seen it.
Provisionally recommending treatment with Ticagrelor, we are happy that we can expand treatment options for thousands of people who are thus winners.
Given the limited information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor, especially asiņošanas risks of using these medicines for more than three years ago, the draft guidelines nerekomendē to use it for longer than that period.
The culture of political correctness promotes fraud during the elections in Muslim communities
According to the report, a former town mayor Tauerhamletas Lutfurs Rahman said was dismissed from office in connection with corruption.
The government's report reveals that a culture of political correctness leads to pievērtas eyes to large scale fraud in Muslim communities.
A former government minister Sir Eric Pikls criticises police, election supervisors and city councils that they ignored signs of fraud in the electoral process, because "the fear of trampling on ethnic and religious interests."
The former communities secretary, who has now become the head of the anticorruption organization, says that voter intimidation for religious reasons is so widespread that the police should be allowed to deploy guards at polling stations, in order to protect iebiedētus voters.
He also recommends that voters would have to show an electronic identification document when they vote to prove their true identity.
At the moment, voters must indicate only the name and address.
He even suggests that exit to mark voters' fingers with special ink to prevent double voting.
Reporters also provide greater protection, says Sir Eric. "
He believes that the press should provide greater access to council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups.
He said: "The aim is not only to prevent electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government of a wider culture of corruption and fraud, which goes hand in hand with it."
A report commissioned by Dauningstrīta after the scandal in connection with Tauerhamletas city elections.
Last year, a special election court decided to lift the Mayors Lutfuru Rahmanu from the mayor's office of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman said "cynically distorted" our Muslim communities and religious vision apklusināja his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
"Rahman said conducted its election campaign, with the implication that religious Muslim religious duty to vote for him."
Around 300 votes had been falsified or dubious, because one man was voted many times.
It Eriks Sir points out that across the country there are signs of fraud.
He said that is particularly worrying fraud in the vote by mail, where senior members of the Muslim communities forced others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Eric recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including the identity document presenting in order to ascertain the identity of the person.
His report says: "The evidence shows that the most vulnerable members of ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people are being forced to vote in favour of the oldest communities selected candidates, especially the Bangladeshi and Pakistani communities."
"There is concern that the district authorities do not pay attention to these problems because of political correctness, because it might offend ethnic and religious interests."
Sir Eric outlined 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system, which also includes a ban on political activists to operate with the votes cast by mail, in order to prevent "the collection."
The report, which examined by Theresa May, also called for a more thorough examination of the registration in order to prevent the use of voter fraud and immigration benefits.
To consider before voting to require voters to show identity documents.
Exit to mark voters' fingers with special ink to prevent double voting.
Systematically check the nationality, in order to make sure that the person has the right to vote.
To identify the three year limit requests for automatic voting by mail.
A ban on political campaigners and activists working with the votes cast by mail envelopes and electoral vote by mail.
To ensure that the police powers to appoint a guard at polling stations.
Changes in the law to make it easier for the prosecution of the bullying, according to the Human Rights Act 1983.
Ban photograph at the polling stations.
Determine requirements at polling stations to use only English (except in Wales).
To step up training for the precinct workers to ensure that voters go to the ballot box one by one.
Sir Eric sharp criticism from police, querying the Tauerhamletas case has not been charged.
He said: "The electoral court disqualified only Lufturu Rahmanu and his representative on the activities associated with corruption and fraud."
He certainly was found guilty after the criminal standard of proof, based on solid evidence.
He also criticises the ineffective City Council voters "ķeksīšu check voter registration stations.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court decision is a warning bell.
Our land is known as the homeland of the parliament, but the worrying and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the pretence that fraud is not threatened by this good reputation.
The passion with cyclists - Keitas counterpart and other Rio Olympic celebrity counterparts
The 2016 Rio Olympic Games fans enthuse about the French cyclists Paulīnu Ferrandu Prevotu, recognised by fans as extremely similar Cambridge hercogienei.
But the 24 year old cyclist is not the only bit, which this summer fighting for gold, which, as the media writes, is proud of her celebrity peers.
Therefore, on the occasion of the Rio Olympic Games and all the famous faces, which are now visible on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of participants in the Olympic Games, which is quite similar to the Hollywood stars.
Hunter and the wolf: The U.S. team to a range shooter Breidijs Elisons, left, from early childhood are compared with Di Leonardo DiCaprio
Apart from the Keitas counterpart of cycling's, many people on the Internet points out that this could be lokšāvējs superzvaigznes Di Leonardo DiCaprio twin brother.
The US men's circle shooter team member Breidijs Elisons caused a storm on Twitter, when it was published photographs, where he resembles a wolf in Wall Street.
Fury also had a storm on social media and acknowledged that he compares with Di Leonardo DiCaprio ever since childhood.
"I personally don't see a lot of similarities, except for the beard," Breidijs story edition of the Huffington Post.
"He is a good-looking čalis, so I take it as a compliment."
This year, even more popularity will undoubtedly one of the most popular in the 2012 London Olympic Games counterpart couples: Satriecošā similarity between British tāllēcēju Gregu Ruterfordu and popular actor Neil Patriku Harisu.
Russian vieglatlēte Alija Mustafina, thanks to its large, izteiksmīgajām eyes, is compared with the origin of the Cuban American singer Gloriju Estefanu.
Speaking of such, South Africa's Cameron van der Burgs peldētājs for several years, there has been compared to "create skatuvei" star Morisonu opposition.
Change: This user noticed that Nātans is film "inception" actor's version of 'encouraging'.
Similarly, ancient counterparts are tennis star Rafael Nadāls and actor Josh Hartnetu, which have similar uzacis and lips.
Russian silver medaļniece, swimmer Yulia Efimova and actress Annalīna Makkorda boasts not only with the sun iedegušu blondiem skin and hair. In the meantime, fans believes that the US sportsman atlētiskais Nātans Adrian emulating Džozefam Gordonam Levitam.
The robust women: Football star (left) Houpai Solo and Tap "Deksters" actress Dženiferai Karpenterei (right) is similar to the shape of the face and eyes.
No one: One Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to learn that others see the similarities
The theory: This user thinks that, perhaps, there is a reason why the two look so similar
Recently, a Twitter user with a genuine joy, announced that "the rest of Internet users had agreed that Houpa Solo and Jennifer Karpentere looks virtually identical."
The US football star and Tap "Deksters" actress really is very similar to the shape of the face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons refer to Keriju Volšu Dženingsu and her smile, which is almost identical to the actress's Lauras Linnijas smaidam. Similarly, gold medal winner vieglatlēte Gabiju Duglasa prides itself on a beautiful, wide smile, which is similar to "bring It On" stars Gabrielas Unijonas smaidam.
CBC Olympics commentator apologises for his comment that the Chinese swimmer nobeigusies was' like a pig '.
Bairona McDonald analysis of 14 year old Ai Yanhas finish fourth in the 4x200 m free style professional women, triggered a storm of indignation CBC spectator.
The Canadian channel CBC was forced to apologise, because one of the commentators made comments that 14 year old Chinese swimmer from the tournament was "izlidojusi from tournaments that nosmirdēja alone" and "nobeigusies as a pig."
Commentator Byron Makdonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when the 4x200 m free style pick up women at the end of screenings presented her personal opinion.
Makdonalds, who was included in the CBC commentator team to give comments dzīvīgumu, said: "It's a small četrpadsmitgadniece from China are unable to keep up with."
"Too ieskrējusies, she departed from the tournament that nosmirdēja alone and resulted in a cessation as a pig."
Thank you very much!
14 years old by Chinese peldētājas Ai Yanhana was the result of the second phase 1: 57.79, it is 1.61 seconds slower than kanādietes Teilores Ruckas result, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers across Canada reacted immediately to the Internet, because it was shocked to hear such a tone and language.
There Emets Makfarlains on Twitter: "Or direct CBC commentator has just said that 14-swimmer from China" resulted in a cessation as a pig '????. "
Idiots did not realise that they still had to live.
Oh Yanha from China in the final of the 4x200m free style women was described as a "small četrpadsmitgadnieci from China, that do not hold up."
The criticism against Byron Makdonaldu has gathered momentum in quickly, because many demanded explanations.
Twitter users were unable to believe when I hear Bairona McDonald neiejūtīgos comments.
The Twitter user watch Paradi wrote: "Oho, # ByronMacDonald.
You're representative of the CBC and Canada and because of you we all izklausāmies as racists. # repulsive.
Soon afterwards, Scott Russell, who at the time was led by CBC live streaming, apologised for McDonald's comments, saying: "We apologise that comment on peldēšanas results from a recent live."
It was unfortunate choice of words and we are very sorry that it happened.
CBC apologised to more than 90 people who had responded on Twitter to this comment.
McDonald colleague, Ridley Scott Russell had to apologise to his place.
It iekopēja CBC apology more than 90 Twitter users who complained about the McDonald's comment.
The channel quickly issued an apology and statement.
We very much regret that the comments were made, and they went to live.
We atvainojāmies yesterday reacted immediately and all live viewers and followers on social media.
For the sake of clarity, that Bairona comments were made about peldētājas performance, rather than addressed to her personally.
But in any case, was selected in a professional manner and unfortunate comments and Byron very much regret what happened.
On Thursday afternoon Makdonalds personally apologised live and tried to explain that he did not think his comments will be seen as a personal attack.
CBC Olympic Games live, he said: "I would like to take a moment and to apologise for the comment, which I made yesterday after the women's free style competitions."
I peldētājas talking about performance, not about him personally.
Needless to say, I was not intending to show disrespect and I am really very sorry that it happened.
Primark customers shocked a woman who brazenly putting underclothing in the middle of the store.
Buyers felt uncomfortable when a woman started izģērbties to shop among pielaikotu biksītes.
To make matters worse, his pielaikoja them, in order to ascertain whether it suits her and then took off, leaving biksītes back on store shelves.
She Folkestonas continued to search for clothing Bouverie Place Trade Centre shop and another four pielaikoja biksītes.
Primark shop Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestonā - a place where this woman pielaikoja underclothing and then put it back on the shelf.
At the time, the shop was also the mother of two Dženija Deividsone, which says that the unknown woman in underwear pielaikošanas put on his clothes and left the store, nothing nenopērkot.
She points out that people could not believe my eyes.
Stāvēdama in the middle of the store, she picked up from the shelf apakšbikses, took off their Tights and trousers and on the spot they uzmērīja.
She diskrētāku did not even try to find a place where they uzmērīt, she simply pielaikoja them on the spot.
Everyone watched as she took off biksītes and obviously a woman they dislike, because she simply put them back on the shelf.
She uzmērīja another three biksītes, until it was decided that she did not like any of them and left the store.
It did, that they were concerned about someone watching or think about the people who buys the clothes, which she is putting.
Deividsones Miss (33 years) from Kent says: "I abhor the idea that someone buys clothes that are pielaikojis another man and then not izmazgātas."
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Deividsones Miss adds: "I accept that the shop staff after her retirement took out the clothes from the store shelves - which is also acceptable."
I cannot imagine that he could buy a new underclothing and find out that another woman they are pielaikojusi and then they are not izmazgātas.
Primark spokesman pointed out that Primark is aware of the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The clothes have been removed from store shelves.
How to protect themselves from firearms, using krav Maga
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com it might make it a little bit safer.
To find out how to protect themselves from attackers near classic with a firearm, we talked with krav Maga lielmeistaru from New York Ron Mizraki.
Regardless of whether you are attacking from the front or behind, in this video shows how to protect themselves and gain the upper hand over their aggressors.
Mizraki points out, if the attacker is attacked from behind, then you must first jāpagriežas to see clearly the aggressor and avoid being shot trajectory.
Then the weapon must be grasped between his front arm and shoulder and need to kick at the opponent's face with his free elkoni.
Followed by a blow to the knee by cirksni and as long as a person get cold feet, hands him a weapon jāiesit across the face with the weapon spalu and step aside, continuing to draw a weapon against him.
If the attacker approaching from the front, the situation is similar - to avoid being shot trajectories, must be grasped weapon and jāizloka it, so that the villain can't fire.
At the same time to put pressure on the weapon and take bows inflicts on against me and finally hands him a gun and go further tēmēt on him.
Sounds complicated?
Noskaties video to see how exactly do Mizraki.
But atceries, if you're not krav Maga master, then it is safer to laupītājam to return their money.
Vandāļu family over Saltašas Cornwall social housing and being izlikta on the street.
Izlikta Vandāļu family is from the residence for terrorising neighbours, causing damage to the social house 50,000 pounds per year.
Tanja Skeldona and her partner Sean Trebilkoks tikaizlikti from property Saltašā Kornvolā, because of them lodged a number of complaints.
When they were forcibly evicted from the property, šokētie Housing Service representatives noted that the property is fully izdemolēts.
Izsisti grīdās and there were holes in the walls, everywhere there were scattered too widely waste and the bare walls with graffiti.
The family is now izlikta from the property and are more likely to live in a private ownership.
Cornwall Housing Service keeper Donna Makevoja says that there is a concern that the housing will be impossible to restore.
She told us that the people who lived here, have been extremely difficult, and she believes that people cannot live.
In this case, weigh several factors, because in the future for this property Kornvolā will not have a good reputation.
This family is famous for, and their name is well known.
The couple had three sons, who periodically stayed in possession and the police say that their terror emanated from the violence, ārdīšanās on the street with baseball bats, intimidation of the local population, drug use, drug sales and loud bļaustīšanās and Maurizio.
47 years old Skeldonei in whose name the property was in June sentenced to punishment for antisocial behaviour.
Several izdemolētās house rooms were found scattered too widely waste.
In the house, where previously possible drug trafficking, is also wrenched away several floors clothing.
Neighbours say they regularly kāvušies on the street and constantly being called the police.
Cornwall Housing Service they were forcibly evicted from the property, where they had been given 11 weeks to izvāktos from house on a voluntary basis.
Desperate neighbours were very happy about the eviction, because their lives had been absolute hell.
One said: "They did not other people."
We used to live next door to them for 20 years, it has always been crazy.
It is unbelievable how often we have seen here the police.
This morning could not pagulēt.
We woke up to it, because it was so quiet - we are not accustomed to it!
Now, when they have finally gone, there will be wonderful.
Adams Fitzpatriks, who is the Cornwall Housing Service neighbourhood protection manager, said that the family did not collaborate with local security authorities.
The family lived here for 20 years and here regularly called the police.
House aizaugušajā were found in the garden of a variety of old and rendered unusable objects.
He also said: "It is very unfortunate that the tenants has taken no responsibility for their behaviour, because the eviction from the house is always the last step by apsvēr Cornwall Housing Service."
This was a very difficult case, because their behaviour was extreme and neighbours had been very hard look on their behaviour.
I appreciate the work that went into this case all my team, Devonas and Cornwall police and komūnas members, who were brave and cooperated with us, providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will make it easier for neighbours' lives and show that antisocial behaviour is not acceptable.
Fitzpatriks said that all three sons here is said to have lived at different periods of time, but all were about 20 years old.
Clean the mattress, which remained on the floor in one of the rooms after the eviction.
Staff will now be jāsatīra kaudze waste, which left in the house.
In 2014, the police raided a house and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, weights, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldone only found guilty of Class B drug storage with the intent to distribute them.
She insisted that the money was intended Šeldonam monument to her son Lee, who died in the edit it in 2013.
After the eviction become aware that at the moment they are rented a private property Plimutā.
To many of the walls of the house were sazīmēti graffiti.
Police said that they will continue to evict tenants who breach their tenancy agreements.
She Devonas and Cornwall police Andžela party points out that this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
Likewise, she said: "This is a warning to those who believe that they can behave as they want and then there will be no consequences."
Devonas and Kronvolas police do not accept the criminal and antisocial behaviour, and the police will continue to work with our partners to protect local communities.
The willingness to spend may give impetus to the economy.
It Akropolis LT, which manages the Akropolis trade and entertainment centres in Vilnius, Klaipeda and Šauļos, will be combined with the Akropolis Group business groups, inheriting all the hitherto existing commitments to Akropolis LT partners and employees.
Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group merger is expected to be implemented until 1 October of this year.
We are entering a new phase of development, during which we implement large scale projects, so we are trying to simplify the company's structure - this will allow the Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group, to create a more efficient team of professionals.
At the moment we are implementing the biggest Akropolis development projects within the decade - multifunkcionālā Trade Centre for the construction of the Acropolis in Riga and Vilnius multifunkcionāla site development, formerly Velga Plant territory.
"The new company structure will allow for more efficient use of Akropolis LT team's experience and expertise in successfully developing projects and quickly taking the necessary decisions," said Saule Zabuļonīte (Saulė Zabulionytė), Akropolis Group board member.
The shopping mall will have a group of companies, which manages real estate development, shopping centers and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Exploring a number of furniture manufacturing company SIA Rauko consequent purchases, according to a statement posted on the website.
The company of 89.5 thousands of euros will buy plates shearing equipment.
It Lintera supply company RIGA.
About 33 thousands of euros to buy the company formātripzāģi, which will deliver UAB Infleks.
It Rauko company buy frēzmašīnu with sagāžamu vārpstu.
It Infleks 15.6 thousands of euros would deliver UAB.
While 32.6 thousand euros will cost hydraulic hot press, which will deliver SIA Lintera RIGA.
Purchases are being implemented by the Rural Support Service co.
Rauko is established in 2007.
The company has commercialised more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
The mayor of Cannes banned burkini peldkostīmus beaches.
French southern kūrortpilsētas Cannes mayor has banned the wearing of the burkini peldkostīmus city beaches, which almost completely cover up the woman's body and very reminiscent of hidrotērpu, local officials said Thursday.
Cannes mayor David Linārs has signed an order that "access to beaches and for bathing is forbidden to anyone who is not peldtērpa that respects good customs and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"Beach dress, which shows take religion at a time when France and places of worship is the target of a terrorist attack, can cause disruption to public order (drūzmēšanās, the risk of collisions, etc.), which is necessary to prevent," said the order.
"We are not talking about a ban on religious symbols valkāšanas on the beach, but about ārišķīgu clothing associated with the confidence of the terrorist movements, which are waging a war with us," explained the municipal utility driver Thierry Miguls.
He added that the burkini peldkostīmi Cannes beaches have not been seen since 28.jūlija, when the centre right party "Republicans" Comrade Linārs signed this order and it came into force.
This week the city of Marseille akvaparks cancelled a planned private arrangements for Muslim women who would be ģērbušās burkini peldkostīmos, as expressed outrage at such a measure in both the right and left circles of politicians.
France has banned the wearing of the veil aizsedzošas Muslim women in hijab, but there is no ban on religious symbols or appropriate clothing.
On July 14 in Nice Cannes tuvajā kūrortpilsētā bombing attack, for which the group claimed responsibility for IS, 85 people were killed.
On July 26, two of the attackers, who had sworn loyalty to the Islamic State, "brutally murdered priest of the church in the north west of France.
"Jysk" last year's turnover grew by 5%
Household goods retailer company Jysk Linnen 'n furniture "(" Jysk ") last year grew turnover by 5%, reaching 23,66 million euros, Firmas.lv.
The company's turnover in 2014 was 22,57 million euros.
The company's profit also increased slightly, from 781 235 euros in 2014 to 785 896 euros last year.
The report says that last year the company rekonstruēja in Riga, Slokas Street, the existing stores and closed the shop in Riga Kurzeme a prospectus.
Also this year, like other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase in both turnover and profits.
In the meantime, the profits last year recommended to leave whole.
"Jysk" is an international network of stores offering goods house planning.
SIA "Jysk Linnen 'n furniture" founded 2001.gadā.
The company's share capital is EUR 3 500 264.
The company is owned by Iceland registered company "Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC."
Līdakas kotletes by ordinary - samaltas with baltmaizi.
Eat immediately after cepšanas, then they will be visgardākās.
The fish fillet and baltmaizi samaļ gaļasmašīnā together.
Mass added to milk, salt, piparus and again clearly samaļ or mix.
It kotlešu mass add butter, which held at room temperature, carefully samīca and consists of a medium sized kotletes.
After Kotletes apviļā rīvmaizē.
Pannā uzkarsē oil.
Kotletes makes pannā and cep 10 to 15 minutes before eating, until they are brown on both sides zeltaini.
Presents, while still warm, with aplejot izkausētu butter or a sauce.
Lucavsalā started festival "Kubāna."
On Thursday, 11 August, evening Lucavsalā was given a head start one of the last of this summer's festivals - there until Sunday night will take place "Kubāna."
On the first evening sanākušos lutināja groups such as "Enter Shikari" from Britain, which was expected last year, but from the programme being noticed disappeared, American panki "NOFX," DJ Maxim from the group "The Prodigy" and others.
Also in the next few days of the festival's programme is noteworthy names - "Guano Apes" and "Garbage," pankroka leģendas "Ramones" bundzinieks Markijs Ramón with "Marky Ramone's Blitzkrieg," "Brutto & Lyapis" with the Belarusian Sergey Mihaloku pankroka leaders at the forefront of popular gruzīņu actor and singer Vahtangs Kikabidze, Ukrainians "Vopli Vidoplyasova" and a number of other, but the full programme can be found here.
This is the second year that the festival Kubana "takes place in Latvia.
Last year, it suffered a financial setback and huge losses, but this did not deter the organisers from repeated attempts - they name added garumzīmi, the programme also included a group of Latvian (on Friday night at 19: 15 on the scene will go up "All Day Long") and announced that the festival will now become "closer to and won the local kolorītu alongside such symbols of Riga as its panorāmai and cats."
Whether these efforts will pay off, still too soon to tell, since the festival only ieskrējies, but, as the first night observed "an entertainment," at least so far, huge crowds of people have failed to entice and visitor numbers were similar to last year.
The British treka cycling team twice as good Olympic record and win once ran.
British treka team on Thursday twice corrected the Olympic record and won the sprinta competitions for men.
First corrected the Olympic record for the British Grand Prix, but the race in the first round of the newly corrected jaunzēlandieši.
He sprinta met the British team with New Zealand, and the British lost jaunzēlandiešiem Olympic record holder for the title, leaving them with silver medals.
He 42,440 results with the British team won the seconds, ahead of jaunzēlandiešus 0,102 seconds.
Fight for the mentally challenging the French team to victory over Australia.
It should be noted that the record was corrected and women iedzīšanas journey qualification - the British team's previous world record, which is now 4: 13.260.
The president, who remained in the shadows: Gustavam Zemgalam - 145.
On Friday, 12 August, marks the 145 years since he was born the second Latvian national president Gustaf Zemgals.
Zemgals proclaimed by the Latvian state, but gratuitous has remained widely described the first Latvian president John Čakstes and Egypt during the last presidential ceremony at shade.
No one else from our statesmen are not so much stood up for democracy and the rule of law as Zemgals, issued a decade ago Gustavam Zemgalam Arnoldas Auziņš writes a book.
In a conversation with the portal "Delfi" Auziņš stresses that Zemgals is one of the few senior posts in the politicians, who had a sense of humour.
Co. stīvi such, always very correctly.
He mācēja is not, these days it could be similar to what is Raimonds Vejonis.
"He was the one who is close to the people," says Auziņš.
Modern politicians know bad history, they referred to Karlis Ulmani as a good leader, but rarely who knows how negants he had.
Government meetings, the only person to whom he had not cried, been General dove.
In photos, even if he is nice and smaidīgs, by nature, he was hysterical.
"Zemgals with his sense of humour and democratic have exactly the opposite impression," says Auziņš.
The Latvian University Professor of History and Philosophy Faculty Aivars shared conversation with "Delfi," agrees with the assessment of Auziņa Zemgalu valstsvīru as peaceful and calm.
He also notes that the Zemgals distinguished himself with respect for minorities, regularly called on Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"At the time, it was not normal behaviour, after Zemgala Presidency Albert Kviesis this tradition took over," says the historian.
He was a quiet and measured man, whose long had to be persuaded to become president.
He netiecās himself after it, simply nealka glory.
He also was quite critical of himself, because he did not know of the French language, but believed that the president will certainly be able to.
"The Presidency of the French language, the foundations of both learned," explains shared.
Zemgals neļāvās repeatedly to be pierunāts stand, he really did not like the top posts at all.
He respects the history of Latvia is a very respectable figure, before being dragged into the presidential palace was a serious job - he was very requested by a notary public.
It Zemgals led the famous Zemgala treasury Suvorova Street 3, where there were krājamatnieku and krājaizdevēju Accidents, it practically government negotiations ended with the Latvian state.
He was always open minded.
There was a great lover at, but he also did not object publicly.
"Private conversations and sometimes it is said that at the really have no sympathy for him," says shared.
Living a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of irregularities or corruption.
As Zemgalu remembers nowadays?
Sorry, but a large part of his associate only with a street in Riga.
He was an absolute democrat, views was the centre.
"She did not take place during any great turmoil, namely, he might be able to be associated with such a stable presidency," encapsulates shared.
Gustav Zemgala presidency, 1927. from 1930 until the end of the year, also took place in Latvia's state visit to Sweden, which Latvia at the same time implicitly meant full recognition and inclusion in neighbouring northern European family of democratic nations.
28 May 1929 Zemgals arrived in the country on a visit to Stockholm.
Sweden's King Gustav V's visit to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The second president of the Latvian national born in 1871., but he passed away in January 1939.
Simple ways to help a child cope with anger seizures.
I often have to grapple with the fact that the child's anger, the anger of parents is considered something wrong and abnormal.
When the child openly show their anger - we do not know how to react, "Econet" showing psiholoģe Jekaterina Kesa.
Specialist encourages a small talks about these so natural and human feelings - anger and rage, which periodically going through each one.
Aggression - it already has a physical activity, which is addressed to other people, and it usually occurs when feel angry.
When we, as adults, we are angry, upset - usually know what is happening to us and how to cope with it.
We niknumus their anger and ourselves can: Express, to oppress, to hide, to keep ourselves, tell us about it to their friends or other loved ones, we can dusmās spārdīt sofa, uzsmēķēt a cigarette (this is not the best way to address anger!), to enter a shower, shoot at the kulaku across the table and do the other things that normally do not do.
We nevēršam their aggression against others, because we all know the various other ways of coping with these emotions.
Children, when they were hit by anger, they do not understand what is happening to them, as they call it, and how to live with them.
They can say: "Go away!," You're a fool, "" a bad mother, "" detest you, "" I with you nedraudzēšos "- and very rarely, when he is able to say:" I want you to my. "
Children living in a literal sense, they are fully located right here, in this moment, they are spontaneous and really my passion, and often also features a variety of emotions being held hostage.
It is very important that parents are a child neaizliegtu to show feelings, including anger, nekauninātu nerātos and about it, but on the contrary - to help the child.
Or the relationship need pauzīti?
A long working day where everything just has not happened as you would like, or simply a bad mood - there are so many reasons why would like for a few moments, days or even longer "atslēgties" from all over the world.
Or perhaps for a moment iepauzēt also relationship and a little bit of a sigh of relief?
Or, however, it shows that each of the partners in their own way to go?
Their opinions are divided gentlemen at different ages.
Janis (23) is a short and succinct: "In my view, if the relationship need pauzīte, then you're not together with the right people."
Bradshaw Eduards (30) has revealed the scheme, which, perhaps, someone can help.
If you feel that you've got a partner is starting to get on the nerves of every minor detail, then certainly - this is the right moment, when you should be looking at other hunting fields in order to understand whether or not you she is missing, or, in particular, don't think about him or even at all I don't want to see him anymore.
So the answer is yes, pauzītes withholding can help save time and to understand how important you are the second pusīte.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
I pauzīte needs to keep a relationship from each other on a daily basis, because if pavadi time with people 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then the disputes are inevitable.
They are due to the fact that pamani every detail, what the other is doing, and it's starting to get on the nerves.
People are beginning to tire of each other, especially when there is no longer even on what to talk only about what you're doing per day.
My personal experience leads to think of it, so I am also passed the relationship for more than a couple of months ago.
If you're just a moment thinking about the fact that elsewhere, or the other is better - so why is this woman, with whom you're together, deserves to be one who can think about the fact that there are not enough good and around the corner are havens fields?
Thinking alone is already a small betrayal.
If not, then it is not.
"I have, therefore, a little condemn those who do not." Says Dr Edmund (46).
Karlis (33) is almost completely the opposite view.
It seems to me that everyone needs a mere moment.
You can't go every moment, all the time, from morning to night to watch each other's eyes and līksmot of unfailing love.
Attopies!
There are so many things - friends, work, the shooting.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, the friend or a wife, but if they know how to keep their līdzsvariņu between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the grave.
It, and the only way.
Martins (27) says this: "It is hard to say - we need or don't need, may or may not take this pause, however, one thing is clear - they ierosinātājam something in the relationship until the end, something is missing."
If this question sounds, then, that in the near future there will be a change - for the better or the worse, it depends on ourselves.
I think as long as you're still young and crazy, meanwhile pauzīti need - something all the time, but when everything remains very seriously and the relationship is entering another phase, then there can be no talk about the rest.
However you choose to spend their entire lives together!
"If you already can't stand each other's company and from time to time, need some breathing space, then that will be when you have people who are commenting on how garāmejošie cat ņaud or arguing about which day a better jāravē," said Jobe (19).
Mr all names have been changed.
With their own personalities and sajūsmīgo sajūsminošo Rozentāls first modināja latvju people of interest to tēlojošām mākslām.
"In this sense, he was a popular latvju first love, which as a whole will remain forever an unforgettable," it on the Latvian glezniecības vecmeistaru Jani Rozentālu Roman Suta wrote at the time.
Also in 2016, a year, revealing vecmeistara extensive retrospective exhibition restaurētajā Latvian National Art Museum in the main building, it is clear - Rozentāls is Latvian art of first love.
The exhibition was opened on 12 August, but already on 13 August, it is open to visitors and will be seen until 30 October.
The Latvian National Museum with a broad retrospekciju jaunatvērtajā Grand exhibition hall celebrates gleznotāju Jani Rozentālu (1866-1916), whose hundred 50th birthday at international level is included in the UNESCO public holiday calendar.
A retrospective exhibition, which contained more than 150 works, is one of the Jaņa Rozentāla anniversaries of the central events.
The work of art selection largely built from the Latvian National Art Museum stock, which overwhelmingly represents klasiķa creative activities in the main stages and genres, stilistisko turnover and a variety of techniques.
In addition to being used eksponāti from Akseli Gallena-Kallelas Museum is and Music Museum, the Museum of Liepaja, Tukuma Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The atmosphere of the century, revives the presence of the images, the exhibition reveals the app mobile sasauces individual works of art with photographs by the artist creative needs installments himself with his fotokameru.
While the Finnish - Latvian Friendship Association "Rozentāls-seura," named after the Latvian klasiķa on behalf of the Latvian National Art Museum while offering little information travelling exhibition "The eye in Finland, with the heart in Latvia," the first stops.
A similar exposure to the content of the English, Finnish and Swedish languages in the autumn, will be open "Virka" gallery in Helsinki.
Mets Leblanks eagerly awaits the return of the show to "TopGear."
Television broadcasts "TopGear" ("Gas produced on the floor!"), head of the Mets Leblanks said that eagerly awaits the return of the car to the show's second season, but admitted that he did not know what the future ahead of him.
So far, there is nothing officially.
"If there is, then it will be announced at the BBC," in an interview with TV critics found Leblanks.
Doubts about the "Gas produced floor!" The future arose in July, when Leblanka pārinieks Chris Evanss announced that he would pull out of the broadcast.
After retiring Evanss acknowledged that Leblanks and "Gas produced on the floor!" "As created for one another."
Evanss Tap former "Friends" ("Friends") star describes as "a real and good man," thus dispelling rumours that the friendship between the two pajukusi during the film.
Leblankm when asked what he likes most of the show, he replied that travel to other countries, for example, to South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
Broadcaster the BBC reported that the show's new 24 season so far has no plans to replace the star Chris Evans.
Kalviņš: Meldoniju already this year, could be removed from the list of banned substances for athletes.
It is expected that the drug manufactured in Latvia Mildronāts meldoniju already this year, could be excluded from the list of banned substances for athletes, on Friday morning, the LNT television programme 900 seconds, "said Sum of organic synthesis, director of the Latvian Institute, an academic Ivars Kalviņš.
He said that in September, will travel to Canada to discuss meldonija issue with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) representatives.
Scientist expressed the hope that the Mildronātu from the "black list" will be released as early as this year.
Make after the collision of two cyclists were taken to hospital.
Make, the Swiss Street, saskrējušies two cyclists, with a variety of injuries, according to the National Police.
In an accident in 1987 and in 1990 were born men, who both were taken to a medical institution.
Also velosipēdists Koknesē fall victim.
He vīriets killed in 1989 in 1905 Street, and transferred to the medical care.
While Piedruja county, Naudītes pagastā, born in 1989 motociklists tried to avoid the dog, which izskrējis on the road and flipped.
He also in the hospital.
Last day in Latvia registered 71 road traffic accidents suffered by 16 people.
In some parts of dead and will become cooler.
Also on Friday in Latvia, in some places expected to be temporary, and rain will become more of a degree cooler, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
Places can be ducināšana.
According to the forecasts of rain are expected in Kurzeme and Vidzeme in the north.
The maximum temperatures will be only + 16, + 19 degrees centigrade.
In Riga, the day will pass without rainfall and mostly the sun shining.
However, the air will be warmer than the + 18 degrees.
She aizkulises US business models in interpreting become perverse izsmalcinātas fotosesijas neciešamību glanci and horror films.
In essence, a very provocative, to izsmalcinātības and out trite vulgaritātes balansējošs work, which hardly shying away the dividing lines between the art house films and Hollywood žanriskā product areas.
The protagonists of the film with Vigo Mortensenu highlights the issue of whether parents' conceptually the chosen life models (ekoloģiskums, veģetārisms, alternatīvisms and disconnect from patēriņsabiedrības glupuma and values) brings blessing or destruktīvismu for their children.
The father of six children in an idealist after wife's death as an alternative to the questions about the accuracy of the options and real values.
A moving, dzīvesgudra film, in which the author of the Mets this year, Ross won the Cannes Festival Award for Best...
Of course, the sharks do it alone as attacking daiļām Žokļos girls - it was a swimmer, in this case - a brave sērfotāja, played by Bleika Laivlija.
The work resulted from her thorough's heroics.
It solonumuru survival can be compared to James Franco aktiermeistarības allowances in the film 127 hours and Ryan Reinoldsa game film been buried alive.
Perhaps the fault is also the main roles, Mila Kunisa, whose transformation from paraugmāmiņas on creative uzdzīvotāju and almost ģimenisko piesmējēju value only seems quite desperate Hollywood screenwriters fantasy created.
The Islamic State in Syria sagūstījusi 2000 civilian population.
The terrorist group Islamic State fighters, fleeing from Manbij in Syria's Aleppo province, having taken hostage around 2,000 civilians used as human shields, on Friday said the U.S. supported Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers.
We nešāvām "to them because they are fleeing to Džerābulusu, picked up by the civilian population," said Kurdish Manbij Military Council spokesman.
After two months of heated fighting led the Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which is the US support for the Kurdish-Arab alliance in northern Syria, on Friday announced that Menbiža is released from the jihadists.
The Islamic State Menbižu took over in 2014.
SDF already last week forced out most of the "Islamic State" fighters from Manbij, but part held up and showed fierce resistance.
However, on Friday, they left the city, boarding themselves with prisoners.
The Islamists go to Džerābulusu, located near the Turkish border.
Also in London, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (AFP) reported that IS kidnapped around 2000 people.
The Syrian Observatory reported that Islamists hijacked town cars, sakāpt forced the people in them, and then aizveduši Džerābulusu on them.
The Islamic State fighters also carried out mass kidnappings in the past.
In January, the Islamists, iekarojot areas of Deir al-Zour province in eastern Syria, kidnapped more than 400 civilians, including women and children.
Later, Islamists around 270 of the prisoners were released.
How many Islamic State fighters fled from Manbij, is not known.
The Kurdish Manbij Military Council spokesman reported that the SDF managed to save 2,500 people by Islamists Menbižā hostage.
The Syrian Observatory for aggregate information shows that the battle for Menbižu have killed at least 437 civilians, including 14 children.
Killed 299 SDF fighters and 1019 jihadists.
Koļegova refuse from standing as a candidate for the Revenue Service head office.
State Environmental Service manager Inga Koļegova decided to withdraw his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (SRS) director, LETA was informed by the Ministry of Finance.
Koļegova points out that her nominations for consultation has stoked controversy between the parties in the ruling coalition.
It seems that the discussion of the real causes are linked to politicians were visible, but more often, invisible interests and they have nothing to do with my professional capacity assessment.
"It is not acceptable to me," says the now had the Revenue Service's office Monday.
If her nomination is approved by the government, he was clear that it would not be an overwhelming vote and it would not allow them to work and make the necessary changes in the Revenue Service, offering all the support of the government.
Without the full work would not be possible, "concludes Koļegova.
"I have several times publicly stressed that do not want to be politically independent, but at the moment all my candidacy process is overly politicised," said the official.
"Thank you for giving me the confidence and support, it is an experience, which is a welcome benefit," Reizniece-Ozola Koļegova writes.
Unity on Wednesday said that during the meeting with at showed "significant discrepancies" between the candidates for explanations and public records information available on SIA Pallogs dividend payouts, as publicly available Pallogs players meeting decisions down the profit split.
Now, the Revenue Service's duties, Deputy Director General Dace Peleka.
Such towns as Livani police involved in two small unsupervised leave rescuing children, inform the National Police Administration Latgale region.
News of unsupervised atstātiem wheeled stretcher with infants received on Friday around plkst.7.
They were in such towns as Livani at the former shop building.
The two small girls immediately put in the hands of medical assistance.
It somiņa pushchairs was also left with documents and mobile phones.
Less than a half hour law enforcement officers succeeded children's parents' whereabouts and went there.
Women civilvīra upon arriving home, the police found out that the woman is asleep, because it is a strong drink.
After the initial information the evening 1992 was born a woman ciemojusies to friend, where drinking alcohol.
Already going home after joint pasēdēšanas, a woman as yet unexplained circumstances in the children decided to leave the store.
What had happened the police immediately informed the bāriņtiesu, which also will decide on the fate of children in the future.
The Riga brīvosta implemented all the recommendations of the Audit Office for the Russian island project.
Riga Port Authority has put in place all of the five in total control of the National Audit Office () recommendations regarding the development of the project Infrastructure Russián island port activity shifts from the city centre, portal Diena.lv informed the company.
Approval of the project is planned in the near Riga Port board meeting.
Recommendations to be put in place, according to the Audit Office review, preparing a recommendation for the necessary documentation, Riga freeports drew even after an international auditor Deloitte Riga Port in the administration's legal and operational audit conclusions and recommendations offered by the Project Management to improve in the next stage of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations today is also sent to the Audit Office.
Despite the fact that Riga freeports disagrees with the opinion of the Russian island of the project's success, we are very responsibly treat the implementation of the project and the funding providers - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that all the project as part of the planned construction works are completed within the required timeframe and planned.
"In order to demonstrate to all those involved in the project, including the EC, the Audit Office and also stividoriem that Port, the main objective is to successfully implement the project, we have fully implemented all the recommendations of the Audit Office for project management and supervisory issues," says Russian island project manager Ms Sanita Kaire.
The project target control and monitoring of the long term action plan was accompanied by most of the parties planned activities and the necessary decision deadlines, meetings and regular reporting definitions and their deadlines, the planned construction process monitoring instruments, as well as the major border crossing between definitions.
The approved plan of action to achieve the project until 31 December 2018, according to the Audit Office recommendations, coupled with performance monitoring activities, thereby reinforcing the other parties involved in the project for the control of the Riga Port side.
The development of the project and the potential to reduce the risk of a project management plan, defining project management areas and indicating the documents, which provides the control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
The project is designed to enhance capacity in project management struktūrshēma, reflecting the planned project management team structure, staff qualifications and functions.
In order to improve Riga Port Administration communications with the parties involved in the draft, has developed a project stakeholder communications plan, which in addition to the draft action plan set out in the parties, defines the project to a successful completion of the interested parties, the information exchange principles, types and frequency.
In turn, in order to improve spending control, will continue to be in more detail to justify the conclusion of the contract or the start of the procurement, and the rule of law.
The project is the Russian island of disposing of global standards for adequate port infrastructure - four new deepwater berths, rail pipelines, as well as engineering communication.
The Cohesion Fund cofinanced construction works have been completed and put into service as early as late last year, making it the savings of 10.6 million euros.
In Slovakia because of the threat of increased security at airports.
After receiving non-specific threat to Slovakia on Friday stepped up security measures in a number of airports, the Interior Ministry said.
"In light of the threat, we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Popradā and Košice," AFP news agency on Friday said the Slovak Interior Ministry spokesman.
"National security and Analysis Centre is currently analysing the information that we have received," he added.
On September 16 in the Slovak capital, there will be an informal European Union (EU) summit, attended by all member states except Britain.
The meeting will discuss the consequences of Britain's Brexit referendum and the debate about the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia until January is the presidency of the EU.
German researchers argue about "the number of victims of the Berlin Wall".
According to a new study, the number of deaths in the former communist yoke of former East German border could be much higher than previously thought, but doubts about the true number of victims have still not been addressed.
According to data released on Wednesday by the public of the Berlin Wall Museum Checkpoint Charlie, during the period from 1945 until 1989.gadam areas along the border with western allies and the subsequent West Germany communist authorities noslepkavojušas 1841 people who tried to escape from their controlled territory.
Museum of border deaths is being studied for years, and every time adjusting the number of victims.
This year, added to the list of 11 more deaths, including among the victims, including a six year old boy who drowned in the family trying to get garnered through the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among the young victims of the Berlin Wall is also the Soviet army dezertieri.
"The final amount of damage caused by the evil twin of communism and socialism, is not yet fully documented," said museum director Alexander Hildebrante.
"Our task is to ensure that the graves of those who died while trying to escape from the communist controlled country, would be given and not lost," says Hildebrantes said in a statement.
But other researchers in the new figures have been questioned.
"The figure of 1841 is unconvincing," in an interview with German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung says Berlin's Free University, an expert on the history of East Germany Johens Štāts.
He, along with other researchers at Berlin's Free University is currently reviewing the possible suspicious deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to approve only 260 cases.
Previously, the researchers estimated that just in front of the Berlin Wall the Communists noslepkavojuši 138 people.
Having regard to those people who have died while trying to escape across the Baltic Sea, or to get to the West through the territory of neighbouring countries, after Štāta view, the number of victims could rise to around one thousand.
But it is still significantly less than in 1841.
One of the reasons for the difference in the number of victims could be different methodologies.
Checkpoint Charlie museum also lists all the East German border guards in cases of suicide, regardless of whether they were directly related to their service.
The museum also lists the deaths, which are not related to direct violence.
"If seniors aged 70 to 80 years after saraušanās with border controls died from heart attacks," it must be the "murderous" border effects, believes Hildebrante.
But Štāts is sure to make the distinction between the elderly people who may have died as a result of their ill ones, and those whose death led to a lengthy wait during hot on the bus at the border.
Regardless of the victims' accounts is not easy, because the communist East German authorities did not accumulate such statistics, and researchers jāizvētī documents in various izkaisītos archives, showing Štāts.
However, the group has recently Štāta uzgājusi new documents, and therefore, in the near future it could come up with a new estimate of the number of victims.
He Pone A traveled to Rio with the coaching accreditation; myself, this is a surprise.
In recent days, the sad recognition of the Latvian peldēšanas Federation (A), Kaspars Pone Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games come with coaching accreditation, however, feel myself surprised.
On Wednesday sparked a buzz after the Olympic peldētājas Aļonas Ribakovas coach Germana Jakubovska rhetoric, who revealed that at the last minute decided to go to Rio de Janeiro Pone, while to the manager to stay at home.
Initially, the list of drivers was approved peldētāji Newcomer Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins, coach Jakubovskis and Dave Collins, as well as the federation president Pone.
The Latvian peldēšanas federation Olympic Games went on for five players, and even before departure Aldons Vrubļevskis argued that Germans and he will be looking for tickets.
"However, apparently objective reasons, he was not," said Pone, expressing the view that it did not affect the outcome Ribakovas.
At the request of the Federation Uvja coach took her to help.
Pone, who himself is a member of the Executive Committee of the Lok, strongly criticised the Lok, laying the blame on an Olympic sport pārraugošo organisation.
In my view, it is unethical Lok's executive committee to approve the five individuals and one of them neaizvest.
"I don't know why exactly peldēšanas federation there was not enough room," Pone said that society has not appreciated the federation and the president's work, recalling that the federation presidents do not receive salaries.
It Pone criticised the same Jakubovski, expressing that, prior to the London Olympic Games, when Ribakova were confirmed among the members, he was approached with a complaint at the International Water sports federation (fina) and urged Latvia not to send any athletes.
Pone and could not tell us why he is the coach of the Olympic Games accreditation, which most likely was jāpienākas Jakubovskim.
"I was announced as the president of the federation (" team leader "), but for some reason I received coaching accreditation and now nowhere netieku inside."
The situation changed every day, changed the number of accreditation.
Until the very last moment, I think that the Germans will be, because I had no other information.
The attorney did not have all the information, a few days before the Ribakovas start she had a face to face conversation with Poni and after the swimmer had with tears in the eyes, but the A's president said that it was a normal conversation with the desire to turn the athletes before the start.
Pone recalled that A overseen five sports that are in the Olympic programme, and four of them are also training children in Latvia.
The president of the Federation said that Latvia is also very important issues of drowning and also on programmes such as he talked, while in Rio de Janeiro for nearly two weeks.
He praised the work of the federation, said that Latvia could take place in 2018 World Cup stage.
Location of Rio de Janeiro is not my leave here, taking their time and try to realise the same programme.
Daugavā ielaidīs 600 000 juvenile salmon.
As Latvenergo fish recovery programs during this week at Daugavā Mangaļsalas occurs in juvenile salmon and taimiņu admission, and this year is expected to admit more than 600 000 one-year juvenile salmon and taimiņu produced Scientific Institute Bior Tomes and Doles on fish farms.
Latvenergo told LETA that fish will continue into the coming months - every year Daugava river basin water is generally barred from 6 300 000 different species of larval and juvenile fish.
In the spring and early summer lapse līdaku and nēģu larvae in June - sīgas, July - vienvasaras salmon, in August and September - zandarti and Vimba's.
Latvenergo production director Maris Kuņickis said that caring for the environment is one of the cornerstones of Europe's sustainable development.
"The protection of fish resources and propagating events that any action is focused on environmentally friendly actions in close collaboration with scientific institutes Bior, through both juveniles izaudzēšanu and admission into Daugava river basin, as well as through other activities," said Kuņickis.
This year, the Daugava river estuary will be barred from more than 600 000 one-year salmon and taimiņu juvenile.
For the second year the young fish before release is being marked by taukspuru.
Today atvestajā 1,540 has 25,000 juvenile salmon with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Every year, scientifically justified species composition and numerical scale Daugavā and its basin water occurs in the larval and juvenile fish into.
They Daugavā reproducing fish resources and basin water in accordance with the laws and regulations take Bior, on the basis of Latvenergo economic activity as a result of the damage caused to fish resources, expertise and making judgements about what compensation measures must be taken to ensure that the diversity of fish resources.
While the State Environmental Service, on the basis of the expertise, a decision on the amount and type of compensation.
Europe's annual compensation amount of fish resources recovery programme is 1 035 000 euros.
In the spring of 2016 Latvenergo, in collaboration with the unions "We fish" fifth year display 400 artificial spawning nest Daugavā at Kaibalas and Ikšķiles.
Cooperation with unions, contributing to the natural fish spawn, it is Europe, in addition to supporting the initiative of fish resources recovery programme.
Artificial spawning nest placement local dam is an important step, which promotes the protection of fish resources and copying Daugavā.
The festival "Sansusī concert hall" is a rural backyard, forest, cirsma.
A tent sleep, eat in a restaurant, walking kedās and listen to investigate kamermūziku, the benefits of natural quiet peace - such a combination offers an alternative kamermūzikas Sansusī festival, which is already the third summer calls for Aknīstes areas.
The festival will take place Susējas - no longer neeksistējoša village - the former pagastmājas courtyard, adjacent mežiņos and cirsmās.
For three days - from 12 to 14 August - for five skatuvēm can be combined with natural and academic music their sophisticated enjoyment.
There laikmetīgais encounters with the music theatre and circus performances and installations.
Opera and academic music, particularly in its newer forms, find new listeners in a free and open environment without koncertzāļu rigidity.
The distance from here to Riga is approximately 150 km, but until smaidam face and ease up just a few minutes.
"Please not to look for the programme because of deliberately have chosen not to publish it in advance, so that people nebrauktu on one specific measures or artists, because the real Sansusī taste can capture only spend it all three days," calls for the festival's initiator and owner, operbaritons Armands Bon.
The festival's gates veram on Friday at 5 p.m., and the first concert is at 19.00.
Of course, on the ground will be programmiņas with all the information.
For those who choose one day, recommend Saturday, because it is vispiesātinātākā - from 9 a.m. until the next morning rītausmai.
"The artists' names are available on the website www.sansusi.lv," says Armands Bon.
The glorious buķetē artists are, for example, session Eva Bindere, čelliste Kristine Blaumane, operzvaigzne Inga Nagorno-, klarnetists Guntis Kuzma, trompetists Janis Porietis, pianist Reinis Zariņš, kvarteti Quadra and RIX and even Estonian Air akrobāte Grete Gross, who, together with the Latvian musicians Eric Kiršfeldu, Mārtiņu Zilbertu and aktrisi Anci Strazdu laikmetīgā created a circus spectacle confines of the artist's internal struggle.
Special critics are also jaundarbi.
Children's show "been," a fictional story by F. transformations motives komponējuši Oļesja KOZLOVSKIS and Jēkabs Nīmanis, along with Armandu Siliņu, musicians and actors will attend entomologs (insect researcher) Uģis Piterāns.
Oskars Herliņš song first Stīgu kvartetu, while Anna Ķirse - Wood opera, performanci, whose main heroes Andris Kalnozola režijā with Catherine Neiburgas videoprojekcijām and Andris Eglīša scenogrāfiju trees will have three nelielajos puduros three hectares of vast kailcirtē.
Dziedot Laimas Lediņas, Dināras Rudānes and Zigmāra toss voices, they will go to the Romantic relationship, just as the Enlightenment Swedish natural scientist Charlemagne Linneja study Wood wedding (1729).
The Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro today launches one of the greatest expectations of the Latvian delegation septiņcīņas bit Laura Ikauniece-Admidiņa.
Ikauniece-Admidiņa plkst.15.35 GMT will race in the 100 metres barjerskrējienā, but plkst.16.50 expected race in high jump.
While already in the night to Saturday plkst.2.35 starts bullets grūšana, while plkst.4.05 - 200 metres at a sprint.
Septiņcīņas race will be concluded on Saturday, when the runs tāllēkšana, šķēpmešana and 800 meters race.
Before the Olympic Games Ikauniece-Admidiņa, who last year won the World Championships in mentally challenging, was mentioned as the Olympic Games medal Monday.
Yet in May last season set a new national record (6622 points) and won second place in the Austrian city of Gecisā offer septiņcīņas competitions.
Ikauniece-Admidiņa also took part in the 2012 London Olympic Games, where she won with a Latvian record for ninth place.
In the last year and a half month national record modified four times.
Today the 1300 starts for the Latvian different European cīkstonim Artūram Ņikiforenko, who makes a weight class above 100 kilograms, in the first round, Dec fight with Azerbaijani athletes Ušangi Kukauri.
They Džudistam will be the first Olympic games in his career.
The agency reported that on Thursday the weight category of up to 100 kilograms, has already suffered the loss in his first fight in Latvia Putin Jevgenijs Borodavko.
He Rjunoski conceded japānim Hagu, who subsequently became mentally challenging.
-- Vsevolods Zeļonijs brought to Latvia Olympic bronze award, but over the next four Olympic Games, the Latvian džudisti in seven fights together had only one victory in London did exactly Borodavko.
Close: 4.30pm GMT qualifying race will start the stand šaušanā Dainis Upelnieks, but the selection will be completed on Saturday.
There Upelnieks Olympic teams won the day when it was officially announced in the composition of the Latvian delegation, but later he told LETA revealed that quite sure about has been running since April.
Fury at Olympic venues arrived as one of the first Latvian athletes, in an effort to maximise training opportunities šautuvē race events.
19.05 GMT final three trips to take the Olympic Games at 17 years old Latvian burātāja Ketija Birzule, who compete burāšanā vējdēļiem RS: X class.
After three days, or nine journeys Birzule standings between 26 women athletes are currently 25.vietā.
On Saturday, there will be a decisive finālbrauciens on medals.
Today, finally planned to race the academic experience, where they take part in Ireland's latvietei Sanitai Pušpurei.
On Wednesday, the race was cancelled due to adverse weather conditions.
Pušpure plkst.19.10 will compete in the C / D semi vieniniekos ladies, fighting for 13.vietu 2010.
On Tuesday quarter trip she won for the fourth place, from the third line, which would allow to continue to fight for the medal, remaining a mere 0.65 seconds.
Pušpure 13.vietu won four years ago in London, when he also represented Ireland.
Today, the Olympic Games will be distributed 24 golds kits - Circle šaušanā, athletics, treka testing, jāšanā, paper, tramplīnlēkšanā, different European, academic experience, šaušanā, swimming, tennis and leaves.
Raid argues, if Clinton is elected president, then she will appoint Garlandu a Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democratic Party leader Harry raid is convinced that if she becomes president, then she they Meriku Garlandu on the Supreme Court's top judge.
The Senate Republican Party has blocked Garlanda approval since March, when he is nominated by President Obama.
The Senate majority leader Mitch Makonnels said that the next president will choose who will replace the current Supreme Court Judge Antoninu Skaliu.
On Thursday at its conference, raid announced that it is confident that Clinton will choose Garlandu.
Raid spokeswoman later said that he personally had not spoken about the issue with Clinton and it is just speculation.
He Garlandu praised and said that Clinton's team would not want "sašūpot boat" with another choice.
Garlands are the US Columbia County appeal court chief judge.
Raid said that Republicans in blocking the nomination Garlanda, is "ielikteņi" and acting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's interest.
He also said that Trump is not suited to the presidential work.
Treats announces calendar of nude photos of men and women.
The magazine treats will work with photographers David Belmēru, to create a 2017 calendar Pirreli 1970s style.
In its 2017 DU mūzu calendar is expected to demonstrate the new supermodeles rather than kailas celebrities.
Earlier this year, the magazine treats president Steve Shaw announced that his erotiskās art magazine is different from the old-fashioned Playboy because "Playboy is a men's magazine."
This is a magazine for women.
It appears that he is also on the calendar.
A press release published on the calendar building in Shaw said: "We must go back to the enduring and classic kailuma imaging in photos, where the woman's body dismayed, but inspire both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project, because it is a great work of art.
Fashion models can send their photos electronically or personally kastinga sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
Rembatē buyer, try motorcycle, aizlaižas.
10.augustā at 10 from a house courtyard Rembates pagastā stolen motorcycle "crowds YZ250," who has not been registered, inform the police.
The owner of a motorcycle with the help advert spēkratu had wanted to sell.
Within an agreed time arrived in the prospective buyer, uzkāpis on the motorcycle as if it onto and gone.
State police in Riga Region Administration Ogre police station asking employees to refer anyone who in connection with the investigation of criminal offences can provide any useful information.
Please dial: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (round the clock).
The information providers anonymity guaranteed.
The Greenland shark is the longest a mugurkaulnieks - video review
Scientists claim that the Greenland sharks have the longest life expectancy of all vertebrates on our planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nīlsens tells us that record belongs to ilgdzīvošanas mātītei, which could be up to 512 272 years old and five metres long.
French court rejects request to demolish shops "Jungle" refugee camp.
A French court rejected the Calais authorities claim pašizveidotus to demolish dozens of shops and restaurants "Jungle" camp, which is home to several thousand refugees.
At a hearing this week at the Calais authorities said that the country would be demolished 72 pašizveidotus veikaliņus, where the camp site people sell a variety of goods, such as cigarettes and energy drinks, offers to cut services, tea for 50 cents (40p) and simple meals on some euro pašizveidotos restaurants.
Calais Prefekta Office pointed out that these pašizveidotie companies should be demolished, because they represent the shadow economy and do not pay taxes, as well as pose a fire and public health risks.
Representatives of the humanitarian group, the court explained that these small businesses are essential, because the government and aid groups to provide food needs of the camp, where the number of residents continues to grow.
They also pointed out that the pašizveidotie veikaliņi and restaurants often offer free shelter and meals to those who need it most.
The court in Lille ruled that there is no legal basis to expel people who created a 72 pašizveidotos veikaliņus, but it understands the concerns of Calais Prefekta.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that food, coffee and restorāniņi plays a greater role than simply providing food for the people who live in "extremely necilos circumstances."
He pointed out that this place is a peaceful meeting place for refugees and volunteers.
One of the sites, which is exposed to the risk of demolition, is the camp's Café "Jungle Book Kids," which provides more than 200 free meals a day, English and French language classes and provides advice on asylum issues hundreds of vulnerable minors unaccompanied minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition on the protection of children in cafes.
In a letter addressed to edition of the Guardian indicates that the winding up of cafes "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charities "Helping Refugees" and "L 'Auberge des Migrants" reported that the "Jungle" camp residents rose up to 9,000 people, which is the highest figure since the rapid influx of migrants in the summer.
Great Britain win silver rugby-7 series in the fight, when Fiji qualifying meistarīgi wins gold.
The British sample the impressive performance rugby-7 serial phase ended on Thursday when an exciting finālcīņā "Deodoro" stadium Rio Fiji qualifying convincingly crushed them with a 43: 7.
Fiji demonstrated in managing meistarklasi bombs, bombs play foot, supports the game and brute force game, winning gold - the first Olympic medal in its history.
The defeat brought a decent consolation prize - the silver medal, which that day was Britain's third medal. The British team can be proud of our achievements in the first Olympic rugby-7 tournament, where they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
After heavy fighting in which the Boks team were defeated by the results 7: 5 days in the first half of the year, perhaps - Britain in the final.
But in any case, the Fiji team at the moment, it is in his best form to win the 15 men's team.
Although it is unlikely, however, some reassurance for Britain could be the fact that at least one Briton won the gold medal. This is the Fiji coach Ben Ryan - the former England coach from the Wimbledon title.
Britain, it was an exciting adventure.
Eight years ago, led by Ryan, they lose all play rugby-7 serial Adelaidē stage.
This time, they have lost only one game.
The defeat is painful, but growth is amazing.
Fiji's impressive started the match, against the British force techniques for fun.
Captain Tom Mičelam members and it was like saskriešanās up there with several buses and the World Series champions the lead with 5: 0, when Osea Kolinisau scored the first piezemējumu.
In the last four minutes and Gerry Tuwai further increased the margin, Ga piezemējumu on the right side.
The result of 12: 0 and the British team did not even really pieskārusies will go.
Mičela excellent strength method prevented būdīgajam Leoni Nakaravam to get three points, but it only slightly affected the outcome of the Fiji Islands.
The game in the seventh minute Jasa Veremalua scored piezemējumu right in the corner, reinforcing the edge over Britain until 17: 0.
After pārspēles Nakarava further increased the prevalence and until the end was gone for more than a minute... at the end of the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou escaped some heavy British force techniques and crossed the line, finishing with 22 points.
Piezemējums gave results 29: 0.
It seemed that Fiji was born to play rugby - 7 games, while the British are still studying.
In fact, it is also true.
The British team did a profound change in the half, breaking through the Fijian players line... a full four minutes after the standards of the first half was good, until Joshua Tuisova, after a fantastic team games, scored a few more points in Fiji for the benefit of the team.
Denam Nortonam managed to gain points for the British team, through piezemējumu left in the corner and achieving results, 36: 7, but the game was already lost, meanwhile Dienvidjūras island fans sang, waved flags and danced along stand.
You cannot neapbrīnot Fiji dzīvespriecīgo attitude.
There Viliame hair made in Fiji win saldāku with yet another piezemējumu to finish the game.
The Games end svilpei, Fiji could begin to celebrate, but the British people after losing the ability to just sit down zālītē.
In the first half of the day after Fiji beat Japan with results in 20: 5, while the British were superior to South Africa, where a fierce battle for both teams scored by dienvidfrikāņi piezemējumam and lost only a few points.
Mitrovic Kails Brown put the Boks team leadership, but in the second half and 34 Nortons with shining skill crossed the line and took to the ball between the masts, ensuring the victory of the British people.
Markusa ended her speech, who is in the England rugby team to 15 player Antonija brother, excellent power tool at the end of the game gave the team a victory and another silver medal.
The coaching battle with cancer inspired Helēnu's and Heteri Staningu victory rowing competitions.
It emocionālākā will be the gold medal in these races and it already is saying a lot.
From the first to the last vēzienam, Saint Helena Gloveres and Heteres Staningas mirklim gold had a special significance for Estacio da Lagoa's.
Although the boat has only two female, her echo was accompanied by Robin Williams, who was inspired by her until the second Olympic gold medal winning couples experience for women, becoming the first woman in the history of British sport, which made such a success.
Her undoubtedly dominated, because once they scored 39 nepārspētu, an unprecedented victory.
The two excellent sportswomen with swan elegance slīdot along the surface of the water, does not fully reflect this triumph.
Behind each of the gold medal to my stand a whole team, which is working hard to continually improve the performance of their athletes and the biggest contributor to their success given his coach, who even before 30 months ago did not know or see this day, because he was found to be cancer.
According to him, it disappeared just as quickly as appeared.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of those that can operate and what happened.
If you did not do so, it spread across the whole body.
And the situation would become out of control.
It slightly alters your vision.
Viljamsam cancer revealed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that William was able to begin the process of recovery at the beginning of 2014 starpsezonas and reduce the length of the disruption to a minimum, if I may say so.
I was in need of income, so I had to quickly jāatveseļojas.
It stimulated to recover.
I was in the hospital and I went 6, 10 or even 15 metres long distance, although the doctor said that it would be enough for a few steps.
It all started.
Airēšana in itself is a challenge, but this time it was even higher.
After the victory, the first thought was immediately on Viljamsu, who all morning was very excited and irritation, spoke more than usual.
Staninga, which has dienējusi Royal artillery unit in Afghanistan, said: "This was a tough week emotionally, but it means a lot to me."
This only confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have worked.
The Helēnu and Robinu aizvadītie 3 years have been great.
Without Robin, we would not have achieved anything, so a huge thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I cannot imagine a better training of members or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Hetere Staninga within five years has not lost nevienās races.
A couple reaches such an enormous speed with which competitors can match.
Even in the last 500 metres, where teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to move Staningas and Gloveres's lead was too great.
We have experienced every moment.
Helen yelled: "Keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not to lose focus is really important.
We managed to get a good start, but at the same time, we did not have high expectations.
That day, we had no intention of overthrowing the records, but simply good oars and win the race and that is what we did well.
A couple of years atpūtīsies, in order to decide what to do next.
The next month will be Gloveras and television adventure seeker Stīva Bašala wedding.
So far, she simply wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that this was my last race.
It would have been too much pressure.
In London, it took me about six months to realise that I am the Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very satraukusies.
This time, it was necessary for about four minutes.
She said: "It is a fantastic feeling."
A unique opportunity to look at the Los Angeles Central Library fantastic architecture.
Discover more about the city's Central Library, in Southern California Architectural historians Association is holding a meeting with the book "Los Angeles Central Library: The History of Art and Architecture," the authors Arnoldu Švarcmanu and Stīvenu Džī.
Džī and Švarcmans intends to discuss and show the images, which show the 1926 League of Bertram Gudhue design, as well as the restoration of 1993 and Hardija Holcmana Feifera additions to the team.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14: 00 to 16: 00. Salle modern gallery, Art Deco Dievidrietumu Legal schools (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire bulvāris.
Visitors will be able to look at the central hall in exposition, kaktusa Chamber and tea room.
Tickets need to be bought in advance; sah / SCC members $15; the other $25.
Fine and omulīgie DTLA bēniņi mājīgas going through changes
To mark the 90th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Library with - what else? - as a new book!
The job at the office "will move to the last."
According to him, the now Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Greens and Farmers Union) and Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens and Farmers Union) has been "fundamentally important" to the job of the finance minister, at the mayoral candidates.
Rajevskis estimated that both Kučinskim, both Reizniece-Ozola in this government Revenue Service's approval is "the first big decision," which may affect their future as politicians.
If we now start to change the position of the Revenue Service's choice of candidate, then it will negatively affect their image in the public administration.
Next week's cabinet meeting agenda includes the issue of the NHS managers had the transfer of the Revenue Service office, according to the government's agenda.
At the job of chancellor Finance Minister Reizniece-Ozola, after the resignation of service management withdrew, and when the contest on the Revenue Service's office ended inconclusively.
The job of Director General Dace Peleka on Thursday, said on August 11, said in an interview with Latvian Radio - if she would run for office manager, then she could agree to.
The finance minister and later admitted that so far does not consider the other candidates, the head of the Revenue.
The Saeima group leader of the National Alliance Raivis Dzintars acknowledged that the resolution ever support at the Revenue Service leadership.
Spain's budget deficit reduction opportunities threatens was unable to form a government.
A month ago, on July 12, the European Commission (EC) came up with the opinion that Spain and Portugal have not implemented sufficiently costly measures to reduce the level of the budget deficit to the required 3 percent of gross domestic product (GDP).
Calculations show that, despite the austerity measures, Portugal's budget deficit at the end of last year was 4.4% of GDP, but in Spain - 5.1%.
However, the European Commission has decided to impose economic sanctions on both countries, while at the same time, both the fiscal targets in the short term.
One of the reasons why the EC, however, did not implement the sanctions against the two countries, is growing euroscepticism in many countries of the European Union.
Additional sanctions such a negative mood will only increase.
But critics pointed out that the EC in its decisions are not consistent from the start by agreeing on common rules and then being able to apply them in real life.
So, for example, the German president Jens Bundesbankas Veidmanns pointed out that Europe is losing confidence in ourselves in this way, giving people the impression that the European Union rules are as a recommendation rather than binding.
Now, the EC proposed and all Member States have agreed to extend the deadline for putting the budget deficit by the end of this year, Portugal and Spain by 2018.
The European Commission has promised in the next few months to check on the progress of the two countries, while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal have to be ready to introduce further austerity measures if circumstances require it.
Initial forecasts suggest that Portugal may be able to achieve the target in time and already this year, the deficit could fall to 2.5% of gross domestic product.
This means that the Stability Programme in the country this year, the government has implemented austerity measures 0.25% of GDP.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, the extra attention to the procurement of goods and services to control costs.
The Spanish case, the situation is much more complicated.
This year's budget deficit to be reduced to 4.6% next year - up to 3.1% and in 2018 - to 2.2% of GDP.
In addition, over the next two years, the consolidation measures every year to be 0.5% of GDP.
Particularly difficult these goals makes the fact that for eight months in the Spanish political parties failed to agree on the formation of the government, and there is a growing possibility that Spain may have for the third time in a year to hold early parliamentary elections.
But opinion polls suggest that the third elections in the country's political scene essentially unchanged.
It is still the most popular party in the current Prime Minister Mariano Rahoja, led by the People's Party, which will once again get less than 33% of the votes.
His popularity is a bit piqued only socialists, while against the austerity measures "wing party Podemos," or "Together we can" and "Ciudadanos" or "Citizens' popularity is somewhat diminished.
The People's Party wants the Socialists and Ciudadanos "" involvement in the government later this month, otherwise it will not be until the middle of October to accept and submit to the European Commission for approval of the draft budget for 2017.
As described by the People's Party's parliamentary faction spokesman Rafael Hernando, if the government fails to establish and parliamentary elections will be held, however, also for the third time, Spain will become a laughing stock all over Europe.
The purity of beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
The fifth year surveying beach, activists have concluded that, unfortunately, is growing every year, found the number of waste, and here are largely to blame for the visitors.
Vispiesārņotākās bathing is directly in Riga.
Capital City Council explains that the sites are $sakoptas every day, but the fight against netīrīgajiem visitors is quite difficult.
In addition, land atstātie waste during torrential rain may be ieskaloti in water, thus far pabojājot its quality.
Except in Liepaja beach and some sites in Kurzeme, the purity of beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
The campaign released the following statement this week, "My Sea" volunteers.
The fifth year walking mērojot road along the Gulf of Riga, activists have concluded that the number of people left the waste has risen to every one hundred metres.
It kritiskuma assessment this year, unfortunately, has argued.
"We can see that this will be the year when the number of waste on the beach 100 metres, perhaps even may exceed 200 units," says expedition "My Sea" representative Janis Ulme.
Latvian Radio sazvanīts, he was Tūjas beach, where volunteers will continue to march along the Gulf of Riga.
This year, between the various municipal waste and pikniku hangover activists had to collect even fluorescent light bulbs, which left mētājamies sea sand.
Pārgājiena participant and organiser Ulme say pollution is to blame for people.
"The primary source is the same beach visitors, because more than half of the total number of waste is plastic, a variety of waste, starting with bags, plastic pieces, which is already in the stage of degradation, they can no longer be identified, and izsmēķiem, bottles, korķiem," Ulme story.
Between netīrākajām beaches are also sites in Riga.
For example, the average Daugavgrīvā every one hundred metres of waste collected nearly 800 units, which is much more critical.
The campaign organisers also explains that almost every step of throwing the cigarette butt and not everywhere deployed a warning or a ban on signs.
"The average figures for all three of the Riga bathing together - Daugavgrīvu, Vakarbuļļiem and Vecāķiem - unfortunately get big and far exceeds the desired, or target, to which it is moving as Latvia, until 2020 to reduce the number of units of waste up to 135 units," concludes a defender of the environment.
Bathing cleansing in Riga at the same time every day, summer karstākajās days even twice, said council spokesman Uģis Vidauskis.
However, the struggle with netīrīgajiem visitors is quite difficult.
We return to the people's cultural issue.
"To those who damage, drink, smoke and do all the things that may not even special characters does not work," says Vidauskis.
It Vidauskis bathing invites visitors to report on polluters and the police.
You can call the police, sure to point to these violations and thus all the fight.
Perhaps it can impose what new warnings, but, as I said, I don't think it will radically change the situation.
"Whereas all together and simply need to be tough on such offenders," he said.
In the meantime, the water quality measurements for the fourth time this summer by the Health Inspectorate, which can impose a ban on official sites.
This year, though, just like other years, the quality of water everywhere was good and satisfactory.
At the moment the situation is such that all 56 bathing water quality has been good all the time and there are no bathing cap.
"We'll take it one last time for analysis at the end of August," says a senior environmental health specialist inspection Normunds Kadiķis.
During heavy rainfall on land atstātie ieskaloti waste can be in the water.
This, in turn, can affect the quality of it, says an environmental specialist.
The rotation of the Russian elite will continue - Putin's administration driving change.
Left the office?
Vladimir Putin said the Russian media that Sergei Ivanov wanted to leave this post myself and in the future will be the president's special representative for environmental protection, ecology and transport issues.
Announcing the changes, Putin in front of television cameras Ivanovam heaped praise: "Dear Sergej Borisovič, we have been working with you for many years and are doing it successfully."
I'm happy with how you fulfil your duties to you.
I remember well on our agreement not to use you in the head of the presidential administration for more than four years.
So I am with the understanding against your desire to change the scope.
And I hope that the new post you fully use their knowledge and experience.
However, it highlighted that the presidential administration directing is a very important job, and it has turned into one of the most influential people in the country.
Given that in Russia next month ahead of the elections to the Duma, those rumours that this step linked to the struggle for power in the Russian political elite.
Ivanov was also cited as a possible replacement for Mr Putin as president, so the assertion that he himself wanted to play the Presidential Representative Nature and transport issues, raised doubts.
According Lsm.lv archive, Ivanov has the KGB and Federal Security Service ģenerālpulkvedis.
Ivanov has been an old and a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He specdienestos their enrolment began in 1975, where he met with Putin.
Later, Putin becoming the head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
While the first Russian President Boris Yeltsin during the weekend, was appointed as secretary of the Russian Security Council.
In 2000, after Putin's coming to power was confirmed Ivanova's "Information Security Doctrine," which in Russia, including the anticipated revival of state censorship mechanism.
Was Sergei Ivanov became the Russian defence minister, but as early as 2005, the Deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkova and was responsible for the development of Russia's defence industry and arms exports.
Now, after leaving the office, the head of the presidential administration, Ivanov also will retain the seat of the Russian National Security Council, where it will work well, the new head of the presidential administration blames.
Blame comes from a family of the Soviet party elite.
The post of head of the presidential administration blames himself had recommended the Ivanov.
We Antonu Eduardoviču have long been known. "
Another one of those times when your leadership worked in government.
And for the last almost five years we interact with practically every day.
"Therefore, I am convinced that, after all the professional and personal characteristics he is ready for the job," said Ivanov.
Blame comes from a family, which belonged to the Soviet party elite.
His grandfather Karl held high positions of the Estonian Communist Party, including the ten years up to 1988.gadam was its first secretary.
The internet edition of "Meduza" with reference to the book "Estonian self determination and independence," writes that at the end of the early Karl blames had asked Moscow to give permission to use force against the demonstrators.
However, he had received a refusal and soon lost his job.
Shortly after the blame has moved to live in Moscow.
Antons blames graduated from the Moscow Institute of International Relations and managed by the Japanese language.
However, he has gone from the diplomatic service, to work in the Presidential administration protocol.
As reported, the last nedāļās Russia shaken by several high ranking officials dismissal and even arrests, including Bamyan replaced several provincial and federal representatives.
As noted Friday, President Vladimir Putin is rearranging the ruling elite before elections due in 2018.
One of the main features - are increasingly in senior positions are representatives of the power structure.
Putin also Ņikiforenko loses Olympic Games in the first fight.
This was the fight in the first round, and the Latvian Putin his participation in the Olympic Games have concluded, finišējot 17th place.
Coach Oleg Baskins Latvia when acknowledged that Ņikiforenko hopes have been very little, and it has already been clear before the tournament.
He also revealed that Putin fight scored a shoulder injury.
It is notable that, in order to get the Olympic road signs, Ņikiforenko had to stand in a different weight class than usual - namely, the weight category of up to 100 kilograms.
The Azerbaijani wrestler was about 25 kilos heavier.
As reported, Jevgenijs Borodavko fight weight category of up to 100 kilograms against Rjunosuki held up two and a half minutes, until inflicts managed a clean victory worth metiens.
Consequently, Latvia different European competitions Rio has concluded.
Dreams disappear into the Rio in the sand.
On Thursday inaugurated džudists Jevgenijs Borodavko.
Yes, his face was titulētāks opponent, but the ambitious sometimes are capable of a surprise.
He nesagādāja.
There Artūram Ņikiforenko task was made more difficult because the experience of the smaller opponent and also respectable.
A similar outcome, even on the tatami, he held up almost one and a half minutes longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, in recent times, the Latvian džudistiem directly ambition lacks the most.
Since the beginning of the federation leadership aside took Gunars Ķirsons and his financial stute Vladimir Šestakovs, from Latvia drove Alexander Jackevičs, there are no more "Golden Score" - the development of different European lejupslīdošu moves along the curve.
Jackevičam, which advises Kazakh džudistus here, and Vsevoldam Zeļonijam heirs cannot see.
But if neaudzinās, also will not be.
And it is the prerogative of the federation.
Therefore, as from other galaxies, "says Panorama Latvian different European federation president promise to Rio to win a medal.
Flight far from reality. "
In the evening, with impatience and concern waited for beach volleyball match, Samoilovs / Smedins - Evandru / Pedru Solbergs.
Intriga as the "group of death" - the losers game over.
The Latvian duetam though there was a slight deviation - could also lose, but no more than four points with two / Robezsardze.
There pieaudzēja putting a strain on the protracted in the previous game.
No one wanted to die - this feeling above vējainā korta Europe throughout the whole match.
Players brāzmainais winds caused additional complications.
At the beginning I thought that it might be ours - which is more comprehensive - ally.
But it did not.
There duetu against Latvia's play was quite simple.
Servē Samoilovu so to stay when he plīsīs.
Against Canada ieplīsa, against Cuba at the end of the first saplīsa Seta and early in the third, because the load was not that for a joke.
Smedins could go onto at the time, because there was little work, but when it was, it did a good job.
Brazīliešus Samoilovs / with / Robezsardze Šmēdiņu was able to win in two, because the first took over the lead with 16: 15, but also to 16 remained, depleting also lost point limit.
But it also could have been lost with 0: 2, in the second game, the deficit was -4, however, also thanks to the wind, managed to win.
The third was already Evandru servju mark.
13.7 ķēdīte - inconclusive absorbed to serve, the second assist often fly too close to the grid and fruitful Samoilovam remained very few options in attack.
If the game against the Cubans were unknown to anyone, Samoilovs, then this time he worked more effectively, and only to dump Sašu loss would be in a professional manner.
Kreilis also made a mistake, and quite symbolic that the last ball block drove directly to him.
Losing the team.
This time, there were certainly also a success - in the third set only two Evandru attacks almost flew out of korta, but the ball hit the line, however.
Two of the CEF was adjacent to the line.
The controversial episode video ruled in favour of the opponents.
If in the first two games with servēm Evandru fuelled Kranjec, then against ours they were very productive.
It summējās together a on the board.
Now a calm analysis of the causes of the failure.
Maybe should have as many live in adjacent stadionam, rather than along with the delegation in the Olympic village.
On the way it took two and a half hours.
Maybe a little assertiveness gave seven in the series.
Perhaps the Klagenfurt did not have to play, but soon to come here and better acclimatise.
Maybe it was the failure of the sport of finding the top.
So far, the issue more than answers.
We bīčistiem games over.
The dream of the medals.
What next?
Yet few World Cup tournaments and also the Jurmala "Masters."
Smedins with Samoilovu life have never been friends, and they won't, because it is too different personalities.
But it also is not necessary.
When it collapsed dream of Olympic medals, can also arise in the idea of divorce, because the fault will be sought not only for ourselves, but also for the film.
It is not difficult to decide, but there will be much more difficult to find a decent partner.
The two brothers playing bīču, but John with Tom has already tried and also pašķīrušies, while Mikhail Samoilovs / is still too green to begin to conquer the world's mountains.
You can try to Haraldu Regžu, Alexander Soloveju, Edgaru Toču, return to Mārtiņu Pļaviņa, but it won't be better than this version, which is itself not once but showed the World Cup stages.
They nesmaidīja Kopakabanas sand this time. "
And everything.
Of course, also take into account the fact that the beach volejbols becoming more popular, new business is coming across, and only a few height is less than two metres.
It still does not guarantee success, but it is an important argument in the fight for victory.
Our own longer remain.
Both athletes and journalists have the opportunity mitināties games operators offered places, but also to choose their own.
The US basketball team live on a cruise ship, part of the players do not remain in the Olympic village.
It is also part of the beach is volejbolistu sameklējuši Kopakabanā hotel.
This time on journalists proposing the entire pieticīgajām unusual accommodation establishments were required greatly exaggerated prices.
That is also why the choice fell on the apartamentu.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from a logistical point of view.
This time the risk are justified.
Together with Vladimir Vladimiroviču lease to apartamentus Kopakabanas and Ipanemas boundaries.
Beach 200 metres away, bīča arena suggest a march.
Neighborhood safe enough, because the favelas patālu, but vigilance must not lose here, too.
Vladimir Vladimirovičs though not what one imagines immediately, but profesionālākais sports journalist krieviskajos media Vladimir Ivanov.
P.S. looks like that on Friday morning, was izsapņots another medal dream.
The 100 metres in high jump barjerskrējienā and Laura Ikauniece-Admidiņa lagged behind their personal records.
But there are already five disciplines.
After 10 years of "Porgijs and Besa" sounds in Liepaja.
There Porgijs opera "and" Besa pirmiestudējumu experienced in 1973, the Latvian National Opera.
Since then, the internationally renowned masterpiece again has not performed in.
This is precisely why Cesu Arts Festival and the Liepaja Arts Forum organisers in close association decided to give listeners a chance to enjoy George Gēršvina šedervu.
"We are very pleased that, after ten years, when the last time in Liepaja was able to enjoy the Opera production, this excellent George Gēršvina" Porgijs and Besa "Opera koncertiestudējuma version is the one in front of us in the new, jaunatklātajā concert hall in the Great Amber," says concert "Great Amber driving Baiba Bože.
Opera "Porgijs and Besa" is engraved on the musical language izstāstīts story about love, its mutability, passions, as well as domestic tragedies and simple everyday spree.
It afroamerikāniskā vitalitāte reflected, music and rhythm.
It is this lack of political correctness in the Opera, this tolerance izslēgums makes it so alive.
"And yes, this mīlasstāsts is extremely strong, extremely beautiful and somehow really deep," says director Viesturs Kairišs.
What I love most - listening to or atskaņojot this opera, there is always some sticking points - the famous tones, famous motives, but the transition from one character to another, illuminating personāžu personāžu one or the other, or choirs, or Orchestra.
"It is so wonderfully exciting about this building," opera assesses the Opera "and" Besa Porgijs koncertiestudējuma muzikālais driver and conductor LNSO Andris Poga stressed.
Opera visitors agree that this is a very ambitious event.
They are very pleased that will hear the world famous Gēršvina opera.
Beneficial, that Liepaja may feel the world's breath.
"A professional performance," opera appreciates a visitor Edgars weekly.
It Koncertiestudējums was special, that jaunatklātajā concert hall in the Great Amber "for the first time the orchestra bedrē orchestra and opera koncertuzvedums took place for the first time.
The square in front of the Art Museum renovated buildings could give Jaņa Rozentāla name.
Riga deputy mayor Andris Ameriks Rozentāla anniversary at the opening of the exhibition, said the museum's own office in the future could be rather than RIGA Valdemara street 10a, but Jaņa Rozentāla pitch 1.
Museum director Maris Lāce acknowledged that addresses pārreģistrēšana will create a good deal of red tape, but in general, this idea is welcomed by the local authorities and therefore agreed to the suggestion.
The Riga city some sort of imminent this idea has laid 1936.gadā, creating Burkarda Dzeņa Janim Rozentālam monument, which stands in front of a museum.
The then Museum director Wilhelm Purvītis was one of the initiators of this monument building.
In such a way that further action could be a purely logical.
I grauž both all the time a little conscience - but Wilhelm Purvītis, where we put his name?!
"But if you, America, Mr apsolāties thinking..." said Lāce.
The National Art Museum building after a major renovation and modernization of its doors officially scores in May this year.
Finally this week will launch a VEF Culture Palace reconstruction.
Castle of around 11 million euros will restore company Velve. "
Plans to refurbish several palace rooms, including two spectators medicines, as well as buildings adapted for people with reduced mobility.
The Riga City Council intends to raise money for the project of European Union funds to six million euros, however, the Riga City Council Property Department Director Olegs Burovs acknowledges that so far on the funds for the project is not yet complete clarity.
"Despite the fact that the political will to launch the VEF Culture palace repairs, attracting the European Structural Funds is, we are waiting for a decision for months, the real action from the Finance Ministry officials, will be awarded the money or not," says Burovs.
In December last year, we were told that everything depends on the Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Finance Ministry had received a letter from the European Commission that accept their decision that Brussels does not take a decision here.
Now we can see that, once again, there is another discussion circle, well, then we'll see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council will no doubt guarantees that this process will be started and completed within the time limits," says Burovs.
As reported, more than a year ago, in March 2015, the VEF Culture Palace collectively held a farewell concert before immediately, immediately ahead of the building's renovation.
Even though a year has gone by, the renovation of the building still had not started and continued to work collectively in inappropriate conditions.
VEF Riga City Property Department's Culture Palace refurbishment divided into supposedly independent rebuilding work packages, where each will provide a different Palace function implementation.
First - increasing the availability of VEF Culture Palace and the surrounding area labiekārtošana.
It inženierkomunikācijas intended to clean up the surroundings and, as well as the restoration of the building's facade.
The second - VEF Culture Palace of services on offer.
It interjera intends to buildings, walls and ceiling restoration, performing and recording studios, as well as to tidy up the building's internal inženierkomunikācijas.
The third - Radošo amateur collective improvement of working conditions, which includes plans to improve the workshop equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before "Līvu" 40th anniversary leģendāro rokgrupu can discover the exhibition in Liepaja.
"The exhibition will range Līvus" merit-based objects - photographs, whose site time line to reflect the group's activities from dawn until 2010, when it announces the end of the group's activities.
It tērpi participants will watch a theatrical, musical instruments, awards and koncertieraksti, as well as other wide an audience unprecedented things that reflected the group's "Līvi" creative activities.
The exhibition will be complemented by the Liepaja Museum stock items.
The exhibition is the result of the visual presentation in collaboration with the fashion said and gleznotāju Elitu Patmalnieci.
The musicians, who have been linked to the group "Līvi" and their relatives, overturned the call and shared with both the objects and memories.
"Līvu" dates back 1972.gadā when Liepaja Culture House establishes vokāli instrumentālais ansamblis, headed by Juris Pavītols.
It Ansamblis original members participated in the festival "Liepaja Amber 1972 and Shi Huang, as well as the city and the parades.
Seize been fateful meeting when Juris Pavītols took note of the Eric Ķiģeli and Metalurgs Cultural Palace was founded by a group calling to join - Gūtmani, Andris Krūziņu and John Grodumu.
Over the years, the group's composition is manījies more than once.
The participants have joined, others lost their way, some returned.
However, above all, the desire to demonstrate that the Latvian rokmūzika is able to live and survive - remained unchanged.
"To see what it was - džinsoti, mataini and bārdaini, these boys felt was different from the generally accepted entertainers dziedoņa stereotipa," the group says the music apskatnieks Klāss Vāvere.
The group without the aforementioned musicians worked excellent musicians such as Victor Hugo, Vilnis Krievins, Modris Šterns, Valdis Štarks, Laimis Rācenājs, Tālis Pusbarnieks, Ainars Virga, Aivars Brīze, Guntars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Tomas Kleins and many more.
Entrance to the exhibition free of charge.
The exhibition concludes with a 19.augusta until 30.oktobrim.
While 27.augustā Liepaja koncertdārzā "Pūt, vējiņi" will take place in the group "Līvi" 40 year anniversary celebration "LĪVIfest 2."
For the first time in eight months in Bulgaria there is inflation.
In July, the Bulgarian national statistics showed a 1% monthly inflation.
This is the highest figure since 2012 and the first figure above zero since last October, when it was a positive one (0.2%).
Annual average inflation after PCI, over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), compared with the previous year, was -0,8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared with the previous year, was 101,9% and the average monthly inflation rate was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, the inflation rate was -0.2% (in July 2016, compared with December 2015) and the annual inflation in July 2016, compared to July 2015, was -0,2%.
Compared with the previous month, in July 2016, has seen a rise in the price of such commodity groups: Dishes and soft drinks (1.7 percent); transport (1.8%), entertainment and cultural events (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%), household goods and services (0.3%).
Drops in the prices of clothing and footwear (2.2%); housing equipment, household appliances and regular house uzkopšanai (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the level of the previous month on alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
"Speaker: The time is coming, and the truth augšāmceļas.
The Latvian Catholic Church Archbishop metropolīts "speaker in an interview Neatkarīgajai points out that if we want to make a life force, they must be at the heart of the Gospel message.
Because of the strength of truth is more than a whim of evil.
Many people are already on their way to Vissvētākās Jaunavas Marie in the sky Aglona celebratory reception.
What message of faith there will receive this year?
In recent years, the desire to drive the main Mass Aglona has made Pope nuncijs.
Consequently, the key message content is up to him.
A kind of tradition, it also emerged that the Cross Road is led by Bishop John Bulis.
And he himself will form his message.
I vigīlijas the previous day will preside over the festive Mass.
Last year, I focused on the Pope's birthplace enciklikai "Laudato si" and updated it tverto common house, the Earth's theme in the context of Latvia.
This year... Of course, I watched what was happening in the world, and in his speech to try to respond to it.
My approach to coincide with the Church's recommended that the Gospel message lay at the heart of life.
To show that the Gospel responds to human life vissasāpējušākajām problems and give him inspiration further en route.
Then in his speech to the people.
But Cēsīs, lamps in the discussion, you said that "to return to the full understanding of people."
What do you do with it?
Does this mean that people are turning away from the Church's message?
And if the church today is the return of such a resource?
The Indian capital, robbing the cries of a man by the wayside.
The Indian capital, no one is ever not worry about dying by the wayside notriektu man - it turns out that he slept through his side of the road for an hour and then robbed, told the BBC.
Reported that the man, identified as Matibūls, per day travelled with rikšu, but worked as a guard at night.
Matibūls 5: 30 in the morning, traveled to a home down the road, when their car by light.
Surveillance cameras record shows that the driver izkāpis from cars, to access to the victims, and then gone.
After hours, when no one has ever not worry about asiņojošo man, he plundered a garnadzis.
Around 90 minutes in Saturday police arrived at the scene and the victim taken to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Withdrawing his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (SRS) Director General's office, the State Environmental Service manager Inga Koļegova sheltered from the fall of the government, believes the University of Latvia Faculty of Social Sciences, associate professor of Ojars Skudra who is assisted.
Had an explanation for the withdrawal of nominations in relation to the contradictions in the ruling coalition has nothing to do with the fact that she prevented the fall of the government.
Ant an interview with LETA earlier that he is hard to imagine that next week's meeting of the Unity party had supported the candidacy.
Consequently, if the "Unity" ministers would vote against, but at the still approve the appointment, it would lead to the government's resignation.
Similarly, the expert believes that before the announcement of the nominations for withdrawal Koļegova has contacts with both the finance ministers Danu Reiznieci-oak, both Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis.
At the same time, it was also a concession Unity, which strongly opposed her candidacy.
Anticipation, or can help with a contest to find a suitable candidate, Skudra who is assisted acknowledged that there are two options: Either to be designated as a compromise figure or institution as Acting Director-General will continue to lead the Dace Peleka.
At the same time, though, he points out - if the finance minister has so far claimed that does not address the other candidate, it was a gesture Pelēkajai that must not be allowed to participate in the contest.
As reported, the State Environmental Service Manager Koļegova decided to withdraw his candidacy for the State Revenue Service.
"Unity" because of objections from the government on Tuesday has been postponed for a week had approval of the State Revenue Service office.
Following the government's decision to postpone the judge Koļegova confirmed that is still ready to become the head of the Revenue.
However, later changed their minds - the application on Friday, Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola she points out that withdraws their consent to the transfer to the manager's office and that she was not an easy option.
Prime Minister Maris's spokesman Andrejs Vaivars told LETA explained that the vacant post of State Revenue Service would be a new contest.
Riga at the heart of an accident involving a police car.
At the heart of the Riga this afternoon in an accident involving the police car.
Police car with ieslēgtiem sound and light signals quick outs to the highest category, to Chicago today RIGA and Dzirnavu Street street juncture confronted with another car.
Police said the circumstances, but preliminary information indicates that the second spēkrats has not missed a police car.
In an accident suffered a woman.
This year, the number of people in Riga decreased
Earlier this year in Riga was 638 784 people, which is about 0.34 percent less than last year, when the capital was officially registered 641 000 inhabitants, LETA was informed by the Central Statistics Office (CSB).
While the population in Latvia's capital city is ranked 30.vietā between the European Union (EU) national capitals and major cities with a population of more than one million.
According to the EU statistics office Eurostat data, has the highest proportion of women in Riga, Latvia's capital city is firmly in first place among Europe's major cities with 127 women per 100 men.
In all three Baltic capitals have the highest proportion of women in the larger cities: Vilnius they are 123, but Tallinn 121 women per 100 men.
The LNMM display warning pictograms.
In the coming days at the Latvian National Art Museum (LNMM) will be deployed to the warning signs - pictograms, spokeswoman of the Riga City Council Property Department spokeswoman compensation amounts.
Currently has successfully concluded Museum stiklotā ātrija repair the damage, which was caused by skeitbordistu activity.
They will be deployed in the coming days, the warning pictograms.
Its population of photographs that cover tend to be slippery in the rain and snow, it may not move with the cars, as well as out bikes, skrituļslidām and skrituļdēļiem.
On the Facebook page at the time also wrote Usakovs, who pointed out that the damage does not pose any security threats, but "looks like neakurāti," and skeitbordistus "are going to be chasing."
We vecākiem- in Riga celebration for children and young children's playgrounds.
The summer season in the Riga City Council set up even two new playgrounds in the town squares, man and Čiekurkalnā, who today are already available to children.
Ķīpsalas beach installed in a vast, multifunkcionāls toy boat with various kāpelēšanas elements, tiltiņiem, games, trubām and slidkalniņiem.
A playground for children of all ages.
Frye šūpoles also installed and various balancing elements.
Fantasy world of small kuģotājiem paspilgtina atrakcijas location at the shore with a view to passenger port and there's cruise ships.
Frye Čiekurkalna turn playgrounds between 4 and 5 šķērslīniju built house built of games, batuts, staging piste, balance the bridge, šūpoles, toy bombs and other elements of the game, as well as the gymnastic rings zone with strength and coordination training, līdztekām etc. Sports elements.
Below the Square ieklāts rubber coverage in different colours.
Until a square from the side of the street ieklāts new, colourful bruģa coverage.
Open Medumos rekonstruētais road section.
Transport Minister Uldis Augulis, VAS Latvijas (LVC) leadership, as well as Ab būvnieku Binders "and local government representatives today revealed rekonstruēto country's main motorway in the Russian border (Grebņeva) -Rēzekne-Daugavpils - Lithuanian border (Medumi) (A13) stage from Medumiem until the Lithuanian border (156,4.-163,05. km).
Roads are the country's business card, especially the border roads, so it is particularly gratifying to renovate a stretch of the border with our southern neighbours.
This is yet another example of the fact that, thanks to the European Union funds through the situation on the country's main roads are improving.
"According to forecasts, the programming period, the roads are already available resources will be absorbed in 2018, and we need to think about how to continue to maintain the most congested roads in very good quality and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all regions of Latvia without European Union funding," the symbolic pārgriežot lentu Uldis Augulis said.
Transport Minister also pointed out that the proposals drawn up by traffic experts on sustainable funding for roads during the Latvian tuvakājā will be presented to the government.
Construction phase from Medumiem until the Lithuanian border (156,4.-163,05. km) Ab Binders launched last year and this year they continued after the technological disruption.
Reconstruction costs are 13.5 million euros (including VAT), the project was cofinanced by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"Rekonstruētajā road section has been fully restored and road construction and repairs next year will be launched in the next phase of the Medumiem Daugavpilij by itself, so it will be sorted out all the way from the Lithuanian border until Daugavpilij," informed the LVC board chairman John Lange.
The country's main roads are the most congested, and by 2018 we intend to make sure that all the country's major roads are in good condition.
The next challenge will be to maintain the high quality, providing in a timely manner to carry out periodic maintenance and replacement of asphalt every 7 to 9 years old.
"This, of course, will require adequate funding, and all ceļinieki looks forward to the expert group's proposals to fix the road funding system," said Lange.
The project arranged road connections and lighting Medumu centre.
Made considerable ground works: In four phases of large scale atkūdrošana and large ierakuma and embankment works, normalised garenprofils road, which until now has been very erratic.
Restored to public transport stops and a new building apgriešanās pitch of public transport.
Previously, the road was minimal nestspēja and terrain topography was not transparent because of the mountainous valleys, as well as the old way common topography.
The next phase of construction season is expected to restore the motorway from the southeastern city limits until now rekonstruētajam phase (144,80.-156,40. km).
This year, the LVC is planning to carry out various types of work more than 1,100 mile country road.
Information on all of this year's national road network planned repairs are available on the LVC website www.lvceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired weight reduction results, very important to have the right combination of food choices," said Lithuanian dietoloģe Laura Romeraite-Kuklieriene.
In addition, it is easy to be done during the summer break, when our own gardens grow fresh fruits, berries and vegetables.
A combination of diet products can help not only to reduce excess weight, but also determined to promote a variety of bodily processes.
Macaroni and vinegar is a successful combination, because it ensures a lasting sense of sāta and helps to fight fat.
Research published in the journal Clinical Nutrition, demonstrated that the vinegar has a positive effect on glucose levels in the blood and helps us to feel mundriem.
Kajēnas peppers and protein rich food, such as poultry meat or protein cocktail, creates not only a sense of sāta, but also reduces the thirst for great meals in the meals.
A combination of such meals can also increase after meals sadedzināto calorie content of up to 35%.
Studies show that Kajēnas peppers can help get rid of fat round the abdominal area.
Eggs contain a nutrient metabolism - holīns, paprika, meanwhile, is a good source of vitamin C.
Receiving a sufficient amount of these nutrients, can reduce the level of kortizola, hence the accumulation of fat around the middle ground of the body.
Flakes for the Czech Republic, which added fresh berries, is another Garda and fats dedzinoša meal for breakfast, which is worth to include in your diet.
The food flakes and berries contain fibre, which, according to the Canadian scientists' findings controlled grelīnu - appetite stimulating hormone - and thus also feeling hungry.
In addition, berries contain polifenolus, who is helping to reduce weight, and also prevents the formation of fat.
Vegetables and protein also can work miracles in reducing weight.
It sāta combination is able to create a sense of.
Vegetables contain water and fibre, so it contributes to a sense of sāta.
At the same time, protein slows down the digestive process and provides sāta feeling a long time to come.
Lunch can eat chicken with lettuce or cook protein cocktails of the finished mixture and enjoy it together with my favourite vegetables.
The sort of product combinations to avoid.
Is the fruit sugars - monosaccharides or disaccharides - one or work.
In contrast, starches, which is located in vegetables, is polisaharīds.
Fruits splitting her stomach mechanically and chemically, they do not break down, to reach the third or fourth grade digestive process, which occurs in the intestine.
Starch splitting into three different stages, which begins in the mouth.
It is therefore essential for Europe to stop eating sweet immediately after meals.
Eating sweet immediately after meals, it is "in" her stomach, along with other meals, where it is not chemically sagremots and start pūt.
Neēdiet bread, potatoes, zirņus, bananas, dateles or other products containing carbohydrates together with citroniem, lime, oranges, greipfrūtiem, ananasiem or other skābiem fruit.
Enzyme ptialīns located siekalās, operates only in alkaline environment.
Fruit acids inhibit sagremošanu not only carbohydrates, but also contributes to fermentāciju.
Neēdiet eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar protein rich product mix in one meal.
The need for a variety of digestive juices, each of them with a different strength, features and the time when to go to her stomach.
Arbūzs, medusmelone, muskatmelone and other melons always eat separately from other meals.
Melons are not sagremotas, if they are in her stomach, along with other foods.
Fat, in combination with protein rich foods.
Fat is made up of a successful combination of starch, however, the same cannot be said of fat and protein, fat inhibits protein sagremošanu.
Proteins can be combined with a very small amounts of fat.
If they consume large quantities of products containing protein, avoid fat consumption altogether.
This also applies to svaigēšanu - not advisable to combine large quantities of nuts (contains proteins) with a whole avocados (contains fat).
Such a combination of effective weight reduction.
How better to cook?
"Cooking, thermal processing creates significant loss of nutrients - around 15% to 55% of the original nutrient composition of the product," says dietoloģe.
In most cases the nutrients are wasted by boiling water in food products.
However, some of the nutritional value of food products is growing, it is boiling.
After the vegetable cooking liquid exploded it is advisable to use soup to - in this case the nezaudēsiet nutrients that are left behind in the water, and they can eat it later.
Recommended cook vegetables, steaming them as well.
Tomato thermal treatment significantly increases the constituent likopēna biopieejamību.
Boiling tomatoes for 30 minutes, likopēna quantity will increase by 25%.
Thermal treatment significantly increases the betakarotīna biopieejamību, which can be found in sarkanajos, dzeltenajos, oranžajos plants, for example, tomātos, burkānos, saldajos potato and spinātos.
Eggs and meat processing thermal deprives them of the natural properties of the protein, making them easier to sagremojamus.
Likewise, meat and eggs thermal processing makes this product contains the iron and other minerals easier absorbējamas organism.
Bear in mind that freezing products can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% up to 90%, while fibre Freezing does not affect.
Beans, in combination with the tomatoes can increase the intake of iron in the body, which in turn provides a better brain and muscle activity.
Our organism accommodates up to 33% less not-asinsradošās iron, which can be found in plant foods such as beans, leaf zaļumi, cereals, than asinsradošās iron, which is found in animal products such as beef, fish and chicken.
You can significantly increase the not-asinsradošās iron absorption in the body by ingesting no-asinsradošo iron contaminated products, along with the sources of vitamin C, such as oranges, tomatoes and well.
Vitamin C helps to change the not-asinsradošo iron so as to make it easier for our body to absorb.
Iron is needed hemoglobīna production, which provides oxygen channelling muskuļos and brains.
To get the maximum benefit from the lettuce, attach them with healthy fats, such as olive or linseed oil.
Preparing sandwiches with for salmon, add a vitamin D's rich salmon or sardīnēm bezpiedevu yoghurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the amount of intestine uzsūkto calcium, and it plays an important role in bone formation process.
Oats (as well as other wholemeal products), together with the sources of vitamin C, such as strawberries, blackcurrants, and other fruit or fruits, helps to stabilize cholesterol levels, as well as to avoid the artery nosprostošanās.
Material "Anime" effect has been criticised for āziešu kariķēšanu
Material representatives say that the filter has inspired animation, but some commentators argue that it is a racist neiejūtīgs.
The effect of these lenses Material allows 150 million users on a daily basis rather absurdly alter reality and playing with their own identity.
You ananāsu turned into itself, the dog or the image, which is Roy Lihštenšteina's.
Lentils are confusing, images cripplingly tools that generates more than 30 million pārveidotus selfijus per day.
Any mistake quickly becomes publicly visible.
Material lens effects has previously criticised, with allegations that the app promotes too melnīgsnējus or gaišus facial skin toņus as an ideal beauty benchmark.
This week, were published the new lens effects, which allows users to build slitty eyes, teeth and šķībus apaļus vaigus, and some critics called it a racist caricature āziešu - "yellow face."
Similarly, there was a question whether such contradictions do not indicate that the company has bigger problems with diversity.
News and public negativity erupted on Wednesday, when spending on "The verge" and "Motherboard" said that the lens effects have been removed from the applications.
The company explained that the lenses aims to portray Anime images, rather than kariķēt āziešu origin people.
But people who have experienced racism, these effects recalled the painful stereotypes.
Other categorically denied any similarities with the Anime.
Korean origin American art student Greisas Sparapani Twitter entry on images garnered widespread repercussions. Email letter, she points out that the lenses effects were "insulting and uncomfortable, to say the least."
She added that it is difficult to overlook the obvious similarities between someone who caricatures and lens effects.
This shows that the lenses effect is not simply a yellow face, but the yellow face the meaning of racism.
Material is not the only company, which has a deep black hole in the cultural trap.
The American culture is involved in the eternal struggle for diversity and inclusion, ranging from corporate meeting rooms to Holivudai and devices we use on a daily basis.
And Material in a large audience of young people, who represent different race, unlike the older population is jūtīgāka against such things.
If the Material lenses creates images that hurts users, then "nowadays, such things do not go unheeded," said in an interview on Thursday, 25 years old Katie Žou.
On Thursday, the company's "Medium" product manager Žou removed her Material app and advised others to do the same.
In his article "Medium" telefonintervijā and she explained that she would have problems with race Material arises because of the employment policy, which supports the lack of racial diversity.
Žou criticised the company's management, which is mainly composed of white men and then concluded his article with the hashtag # DeleteSnapchat.
"This means that the company has no racial diversity, therefore, are perpetrating such decisions. Or the company employs some representatives of different races, but they hold a post in order to allow safe and comfortable to express their views," said Chinese origin Žou followed.
Her view is shared by others, while the Material has not responded to her complaint.
The company does not disclose how many employees from different race, pointing out that it is a private company.
Material refused to discuss the origins of their workers, but its spokesman revealed that the company is nolīdzis personnel specialists, who will focus on ensuring that the company would also represented racial minorities, who are not well represented and promote inclusion in the company.
While Žou does not restore its Material account, adding: "I wonder whether they really need more users such as we have to understand that this is not right."
Chamber of Congress declares that military officials sagrozījušas reports on Islamic State of Israel.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the Congress of Deputies points out that the US Central Command representatives transformed reports, depicting the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria much better terms than it is in reality.
Central Command intelligence analysts expressed a general dissatisfaction with the Armed Forces Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Finance subcommittee Republican representatives set up task teams interim report, pointing out that their leadership controlled by reports of American success in the fight against the Islamic State.
Central Command, known as Centcom, is a military base Tampā, Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest news about this report says that intelligence reports, which was endorsed by senior leaders of Centcom, reflects the U.S. fight against terrorism more positively than it is in reality. The facts were routinely rigged, depicting the better performance than other intelligence analysis shows.
California Republican Representative Ken Kalverts says: "Centcom behaviour is unacceptable - our soldiers are the ones who suffer, if our policy makers get false reports."
Centcom management mistakes in the organisation's top management.
This 10 page long report detailed description of the existing problems in the Central Command coverage and analysis of American efforts to prepare the Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide a robust body of evidence that the Obama administration senior officials would be forced to distort reports, but it shows that Centcom leadership has done a certain amount of pressure on analysts to portray optimistiskāku vision of the Islamic State (also known as) or ISIL) threat.
The report shows that in the first half of 2015 Central pārvaldniecības press releases, statements and reports to Congress portrayed the situation significantly positive image than it actually was.
For example, representatives of the Centcom publicly announced that the recovery operation in Mosul could begin as early as April or May of 2015.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city, which is still under the control of the Islamic State.
Kansas Republican Representative Mike Pompeo says in its report: "Several months of investigation it clearly shows."
From the middle of 2014 until the middle of 2015, the US Central pārvaldniecības key officials distorted reports, depicting) threat in Iraq weaker than they were in reality.
Republican Party set up a working group to learn that analysts are concerned that the information about the Islamic State is being distorted.
The investigation continues, the report issued on Thursday will be followed by new discoveries in this case.
The Ministry of Defence conducts ģenerālinspekcija Centcom intelligence activities in the investigation.
Intelligence Committee's Democratic Party members on Thursday released its own report, which they agree with some of the Republican Party Task Force's conclusions.
Democrat spokesman Adams B. Šifs says in his report, from 2014 to 2015 Centcom too limited intelligence assessment reports relating to) and the Iraqi Security Forces.
Mr Šifa explains that this process "stopped the dissemination of information," exacerbated by the analysts' work ethic and "spread the truth irrelevant facts."
But Šifs and Democratic Party members added that there was no evidence that the District Attorney Nams have exerted pressure on Centcom analysts so that they develop reports, "according to a previously established or political position."
The Daily Beast on Thursday published a Congressional investigation into the preliminary results.
In August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon ģenerālinspekcija launched an investigation after complaints Centcom analysts.
The Pentagon spokesman lieutenant commander Patrick Evans announced that the Pentagon will not comment on the report to Congress, while the investigation continues.
He also added that the experts sometimes interpret a variety of complex data, and the Ministry of Defence and Intelligence Agency calls for constructive dialogue on crucial national security issues.
The investigation is not just a question of whether the American bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful (the assertion that expresses more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's accusations calls into question whether President Obama can fully rely on the Central pārvaldniecības reports on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticism of the Islamic State intelligence recalls the events of more than ten years old, when General Gregory Hūkers Centcom intelligence analyst, published a study claiming that George v. Bush administration launched the war in Afghanistan, too little thinking about the possible consequences.
Hūkers also played a significant role in the Islamic State Intelligence at the opening of the issue.
Last year, the official representatives reported that Hūkera team revealed that, contrary to public reports, aerial bombardments of the Islamic State refineries do not significantly worsened the financial situation of the terrorist group, because they had built a temporary factory to sell oil on the black market.
The September edition of the Times reported that the discovery did not come outside the Central pārvaldniecības walls.
It Centcom moment chief General Loids Ostins III, received sharp criticism, because many law makers believed that war reports describe the situation too positively.
In April, General Ostins atvaļinājās and his place was taken by General Joseph L. Votel.
The US game with Great Britain women's field hokejā, wins in the US, thereby achieving the fourth victory in a row.
The day after the victory over Japan with a result of 6: 1, Thursday Katie Bama scored the first two goals for the U.S. women's field hockey team, which beat amerikānietes Indian team with the result 3: 0.
Benefits of five goals in two games is neaizmirstams achievement, but the 27 year old Bama said that they have trouble remembering, or something she ever had already failed.
She said: "I have no idea."
I am not one of those people who the number of their own.
But she knows that the result of the American Olympic Games is 4: 0, which gives them in our group Stadium with Britain, which on Thursday after the victory over Japan with a result of 2: 0 neuzvarēta remained.
Britain and the US will meet on Saturday to izspēlētu in the last match of the first round games.
Who ceturtdaļfinālam both teams are already and only a game will determine which team will take the first place in the group of six teams and the second.
The first prize winner a little longer can avoid meeting with strong Dutch sample, which is the leader of the second group.
To comfort as well as the Saturday game, amerikānietes has already provoked surprise storm, four years ago in London, playing the last place among the 12 teams.
It Bama team was also
She Blūbelā grew up, field hockey stick in his hands for the first time picked up to 3 years old (her older twin sisters have already dealt with this sport Drekselā) and joined the National Team, when she was 16 years old, becoming the youngest player in the history of the sample.
She was the 2008 Olympic Games, because he did not make it to the final.
But the year 2012 was unsuccessful her and her team.
The next year on the volleyball coach was appointed Englishman Kregs Parhams and everything changed for the better.
It Bama called a "culture, mentality and physical change."
We neieguldījām in London so much work, how much now.
We have changed everything. "
Thursday's game Bama opened the results, with the goal in the first half with the rear shots from close distance.
India started the game without a win in their account, but their team was very tough and held a minimal result 0: 1 until the end of the third period, when Bama again scored two goals.
She pretinieču area was preceded by a ball down the left side of the pitch, then competed to be on the pitch, the middle ground and sending the ball pretinieču score, putting amerikānietes 2: 0 lead.
The middle of the fourth period, Melisa Gonzalesa scored yet.
This was the first US vārtsardzes Džekijas Brigas dry game in each of the first three games when you put down one goal.
She ieskrējusies is.
And similarly, Bama.
"We are going very well," said Pahams, but how exactly do well, will show the game on Saturday.
Period of depression nomācošākais food is "Sātīgā meals"
In March 1933, shortly after his election as president Ovālajā Frenklins Delano Roosevelt sat in the room, so for withholding a meal.
It Rūzveltam president of fine culinary delikateses such as goose liver pastēte or acknowledge and Maryland turtles soup.
But that day his meals were well allowing cooperation: Looking eggs are immersed in the tomato, potato biezputra and desertā - pear pudding.
Džeina Ziegelmane says: "This is a way to show solidarity in cooking with people who times were very hard."
It Kou her husband added: "It is also a message to the Americans, how to eat."
A couple from Brooklyn Heights District is food historians.
Kou's last book "Dārzeņu Sautējums" describes the Chinese cuisine in America, but Ziegelmane apple trees in his book "97" describes life through meals rental home in the eastern Manhattan earners.
He Sātīgā new joint work "meals," which will be published on Tuesday, the publishing house Harper, is the story of American food during the Great Depression.
Displaying a certain solidarity on gastronomy, they had a meal together reporters, "Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop," a simple lunch ēstuvē located Flatironas district and has been in operation since 1929, when the great depression.
54 years old Mrs Ziegelmanes commissioned sviestmaizi with sakapātām fused magnesia are cheese and olives, while the 57 year old Kou ordered a turkey, potatoes and vegetables biezputru marron.
When the reporter was commissioned by the fake birds, the couple admitted that his choice is very appropriate conversation about the Great Depression time meals.
She Ziegelmanes said that the bogus bird was very popular.
There was a peanut bird, liver bird and beans bird.
They were made from basic ingredients and other ingredients to fill out a meal.
Imagined, as it is eaten zemesriekstus - so much so that they would have lunch instead.
Mr Kou novaibstījās.
"Probably felt that the stomach is full of lead," he added.
Pirmsdepresijas years American dining table was akin to a Swedish table, especially in rural areas.
Women prepared to eat their husbands to workers and for breakfast, lunch and dinner was served fresh made sacepumi.
First World War sent directly to Americans, Europeans meals. "Sātīgā meals" describes how the Americans pielāgojās circumstances, when America was suddenly no longer the land of plenty.
"At that time, food became the American people's attention on a daily basis," says Kou said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write directly on this topic.
Just as important was the new budget diet: Unknown dishes such as bogus bird and sautējumi became an everyday life, sautējumi was "a great way to use leftovers," said Mrs Ziegelmanes, because chefs could bury nepievilcīgās ingredients below krēmīgas sauces.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheap žāvētie fruits.
The meat, which for years was the main ingredient of the American meals, now became extremely rare luxury goods.
At a time when the number of calories and nutritional value of food was more important than taste, was born a new, yet unparalleled formations.
In the ancient pavārgrāmatā Ziegelmanes President found a recipe and cook with peanut butter pildītus sīpolus.
Mr Kou added: "It was not a popular addition to the dinner table."
She Ziegelmanes said: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and cepts sīpols are not compatible.
Many homes meals recipes piemērojās difficult times. "
They Luīze household economists such as Stanley, head of the Federal Office for the Household Economic from 1923 until political year, set the country's eating habits, which were not seen before the Great Depression, not after it.
The publication of articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they recommended mājsaimniecēm become "ekonomistēm" and accept the challenges such as turned into pasta and carrot miksli garšīgā maltītē.
"Sātīgā meals" is a historic gardumu mielasts.
Particularly interesting is the evidence of the government's treatment of its own citizens to hungry, for example, President Herberta Hūvera "let me eat cake" attitude.
Although he has talked publicly about his humble childhood and meals Iowa, in fact he ate as a fine miljonārs, about what he had become.
Mr Kou said: "He enjoyed the cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce."
He apzeltītā viesistabā ate almost, wearing the dinner jacket.
He was completely detached from reality. "
President Roosevelt would have made the same mistake, unless his wife Eleonora had not recommended him to set an example with their eating habits.
The book told that Roosevelt nolīdzis domestic workers, whose nemācēja preparing to eat, along with the District Attorney Nams became a place "where not only was presented one of visnegaršīgākajiem meals in Washington, but also the worst pagatavotajiem meals."
As soon as the country's economy atkopās, most of the Depression era culinary customs disappeared.
But we continue to focus on energy and nutritional value, as well as how to apply the science of gastronomy, "added Mrs Ziegelmanes.
The couple says that when writing a book, they gained a greater understanding of the Ziegelmanes's mother's eating habits, for example, why she was unable to throw out food.
"She really was afraid to throw out food," said Mr Kou.
She Ziegelmanes said: "She actually tracināja people."
There kūkām was the incident with the wind.
When we were fed Eisenberga ēstuvē, writers pulled out of a couple of bags at home either desertu: Pear pudiņu by President Roosevelt used to eat lunch.
"This is a pear putukrējums," said Mrs Ziegelmanes, adding that at the time was the widespread habit of frugal meals to give šiku name.
It putukrējuma not only prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All impatient dipped karotes brūnajā tangled, located on the plates.
Surprisingly, it was not quite so bad.
Mr Kou apēda a few.
Izklausoties after an experienced "an economist," he said to his wife: "Suit šķipsniņa samaltu lazdu nut."
Gilead will receive reimbursement of legal expenses in the fight against the patent on Merck Hepatitis C
District judge has decided that the "Gilead Sciences Inc." Has the right to get back the cost of legal services, which it paid in case of Hepatitis C, "the patent breaking against the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc."
In June, Gilead was justified in Case of 200 million pound fines for breaking the two Merck patents, which it has threatened in connection with his successful Sovaldi and Harvoni pills, when a US federal judge has found irregularities in the Merk, for example, lying on oath and other unethical practices.
The trial on Thursday, a US district judge Bets Labsons Frīmens said that Gilead has the right to claim compensation for legal expenses incurred by him on this matter.
Merck is trying to gain position in the market against Gilead, which dominate the market with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that are effective for 90% of cases of liver disease.
The case was launched already in 2013, when Gilead and Merck was charged each other, trying to gain ownership of sofosbuvir jaunizstrādāto active components, which is the main component of the Gilead drug.
Supported by U.S. forces claim that fully Manbidžas gained control of the city from the Islamic State.
Supported by US forces in control of the town of Manbidžas fully grown throughout the northern part of the country near the Turkish border, and the latest Islamic State soldiers have fled the city, the group's spokesman said Friday.
Syrian Democratic came (SDS) now is clearing the city of the last enemy combatants who have not yet left the city.
They have cleared more than 2,000 hostages and civilians who were being held by militants, the news agency Reuters said Šarfans Darvišs from SDS Manbidžas allied military council.
"At the moment, the city is totally under our control and we are carrying out search for militants," he told the Reuters.
Donors income in 2015 reached $10.75 million, and the couple have paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton on Friday issued a 2015 tax returns, which show that the Democratic Party presidential candidate and her husband this year have earned $10.75 million, respectively, and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
During 2015, Clinton has donated $1 million, primarily for donors to his charity organisation. Former President Bill Clinton earned approximately 5.3 million dollars, speaking as spīkeris and former Secretary of State made 3 million dollars in income from his books on the work of the State Department, which was published in collaboration with the "Simon & Schuster."
Clinton's electoral ally - the US Virginia State Senator Tim Keynes and his wife Anna Holtone made public his tax returns for the last 10 years.
In 2015, they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Keynes continues to set new standards of financial transparency," in his statement said the Clinton campaign partner Jennifer PALMIERI.
In contrast, Donald Trump hiding behind various pretexts and excuses to not to fulfil promises to disclose their tax information.
Annual tax disclosure is the practice of the US presidential candidates, but the law does not require it.
The New York deal maker Trump and his lawyers cited the National revenue Service audit as a reason for unspecified tax information.
"Your move," in his Twitter entry, the Democratic Party candidate tax information reported Clinton campaign partner Ians Sams.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Kohens told CNN that he will not allow Trump to publish tax information before the audits will be completed.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, claiming that his refusal raises questions about the extent of his real estate, the donation amounts and other his business commitments, including commitments to Russia.
Clinton poured fuel to the fire by publishing the video on Friday, where a number of influential Republicans asking him to publish his tax information.
She once again returned to this issue during an economic speech on Thursday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "He refuses to do so, which for decades has done the rest of the presidential candidates."
"Write Politico editors said that during the 1990s, two years, Trump has cost very little or no paid any taxes and on Friday," New York Times business column, the author reported that many accountants and lawyers believe that, even today, nothing has changed.
The federal tax rates is a major issue in the presidential election.
Clinton, supporting the billionaire businessman powerful Bafeta proposal, promoting the idea that anyone who earn more than $1 million a year, have to pay a tax of at least 30%.
This proposal is also supported by President Barack Obama.
Last week, Clinton's speaking time Omahā, Nebraskā, where she, too, "" Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate, Bafets asked Trump to exchange tax declarations.
Bafets said that he, too, is made of Revenue Service audits and Trump are afraid of the voters, rather than the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released the tax information up to 2007.
Clinton Čapakvā now living in New York and in the period from 2007 to 2014 have paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent and the total tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
Donors for the 2015 tax review shows that, unlike most Americans, only 100 dollars from their income is salary.
Their principal investment was low cost index fund, from which Clinton meting today decided to have received $109,000.
Reports prepared by Kevin Dravbaughs; editor Jonathan Otis
The Jewish film director criticises the hotel in Berlin on Israel calling code disconnection from what drew strong demand - RT Information
The Jewish origin of the French film maker raised storm on social media, when he discovered that "the Kempinski Bristol" hotel in Berlin is not available in Israel calling code. Hotel staff to justify the Arab client demand.
Worst Lancmans, documentaries about the Holocaust "Shoah" director, have made no secret of their displeasure with the Berlin "Kempinski Bristol" hotel and made an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his recent visit to Lancmans tried to find the code for calling Israel hotel to the list.
But this country was not included in the list of countries to which can be reached directly from the hotel number.
How is it possible that in 2016, in Berlin, the German capital, Israel is aizslaucīta and destroyed?
Writes Lancmans.
Instead, "the Kempinski Hotel Bristol" offers a dial this country through its call centres.
Director demanded an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancmans writes that he received the answer "shocked."
Hotel administrator explained that "it was a conscious decision by the hotel management."
Source withdrawal cause even more saniknoja film directors.
"The vast majority of guests are Arabs, and they requested the deletion of the Israeli code," Lancmans cites hotel worker's explanation.
Suddeutsche Zeitung reported that the Israeli ambassador to Germany Jakovs Hadas-Handelsmans this case was called a "great shame."
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
This in itself is a great shame.
And the fact that this is exactly what happened in Germany, it is in this hotel network is even greater humiliation.
Explanations are not necessary.
The official said: "We hope that the hotel will draw the right conclusions."
This event was a rather broad resonance on the Internet, where people called it a scandal.
Others believe that "the Kempinski Hotel" was simply izdabājusi Arab clients.
Another entry said "shame on you," pointing out that the hotel is located on the Kurfurstendamm Street adjacent sinagogai.
Edition of Der Spiegel reported that the same hotel quickly rejected all allegations, stating that it was "a misunderstanding" and apologised Lancmanam.
"We have not received direct orders to remove Israel from the national list of numbers," the Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes Kempinski representative.
And to add that the code again being added to the list.
The police used rubber bullets and tear gas against protestējošiem Brazilian students.
Students and police clash took place on Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo in Brazil, where students gathered to demonstrate against the government's education reforms.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against the students.
The problems started when law enforcement personnel tried to izdzenāt students, and as a result the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
The rally was attended by several hundred students, to show their displeasure at the reforms of the education system.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmina proposal seeks to close nearly 100 public schools, while 300 000 students will be moved to other schools in order to save money.
Some of the demonstrators zīmēja graffiti on the walls with messages against the interim president Michael Temeru.
This protest took place just a few days after the previous protests, when students gathered in demonstrations to express support for President atstādinātajai Dilmai Rousefai, voted for impeachment by the Senate.
Scott Kelums Skiners finišē first, bringing Britain gold medal testing
Kelums Skiners of Scotland took the first men's cycling team at the Rio velodromā sprinta races, which took place last night. "The British team defended their league title, which it won in the 2012 London Games.
The 23 year old sportsman from Glasgow played an important role in these races, making proud Scots leģendāro Seru 51 Hoju and noceļot hosts' Klingenthal hill victory in New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain has won an astonishing victory when HOJS won five of their six Olympic gold medals.
And they also repeated their World Cup in London, although HOJS had already finished their during my sporting career.
There were problems in the period between the Beijing and London Olympics, because they had to replace the experienced starting specialist Džeimiju Stafu.
They managed it at the last minute.
When HOJS went away, she was trying to fill seats Kians Emadi and Mets Kramptons.
The British coach gave hope of Skineru, seeing his potential, which he later also showed.
Hindes, Kenny - champions, who four years ago, 2016, along with Hoju and Skiners, who set a record in the Olympic qualification, but the race was a better starts the New Zealand team
However, the British trio won the gold medal.
Hindes after his circle was tight iedzinējos, Kenny Skiners No.110, and winning the leadership.
A change of strategy played an important role in the win, because the Hindes travelled with more gear to allow Kenny and especially Skineram drive faster.
HOJS race watched as a representative of the BBC and noķēra Skinera, Kenya and Hindesa eye sights when they Iversen for her.
The 23 year old glāzgovietis said: "It was an honour neizsakāms."
I am doing everything in order to defend his name.
We uzstādījām final of the Olympic record and uzveicām World champions.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better victory.
After the victory, along with Kenya and Hoju in the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Hindes admitted that deliberately came off the track after the failed launch.
He later this comment, demolished and British competitors did not manage to prove otherwise.
This time, though there was no such incident.
Hindes said: "The British flags were members recalled the London."
Over the past three months, we have become a solid team.
We have lost so many of the World championships, so victory Olimpiskājās games were really special.
One medal races in the state, which won seven of the ten gold medals testing facilities in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is the team's rate of progress over the last five months, then the next five days will be very exciting.
Having regard to the outcome of Kenya, he really could repeat the Hoja success, winning three Olympic gold medals.
That would mean Kenny won six gold and one silver medal. In addition to Kenny was born on 23 March (it appears that it is the British holy date, because on this day were born and Steve Regreivs, leads and Roger Banisters).
On this date was born HOJS too.
Kenya the next race is a sprint, which starts today and will continue for the next three days.
28 year old sportsman from Boltonas said: "At the moment, I just enjoy it all.
Team journey is always the best. "
Because then you can win, along with team members.
To be honest, then win one is a little bit lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he will get another two gold medals, he would appoint a Knights under duress."
On that day, it was the only fight for medals, but they were not the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bredlijs Vigins, Ed Klensijs, Steve Burks and Oveins Douls recorded fastest qualifying time of four kilometre iedzīšanā četriniekiem.
Their time was 3: 51.943
The world record, which was set up in London in 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and a final will take place today in the second half of the day, where Vigins will certainly be in the spotlight.
Yesterday, before the qualifying journey he had disagreements with Komisariātu, when judges summoned him to measure his height.
Women's trip, which will continue and will end today, Laura Trota, Joanna Rovsela Šanda, Elinora Barkere and Katie Arčibalda from Milngavijas put up a new rekordlaiku 4: 13.260.
The British delegation hopes that the British cycling team, cerot. izcīnīs medals at the Olympic Games in the middle.
Bearing in mind the excellent and nebijušo performance in Beijing and London, everyone expects the same achievements in Rio.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes has gone differently, after allegations of insulting seksismā and dignity, withdrew the technical director Shane Satons, and career ends well HOJS and Victoria Bendletona.
But at the start of the pirmjām velodroma races, it seems that the British, as always, is expected to reach the highest levels at the right time.
Portland kausētavas's future is uncertain, because interrupted an ambitious agreement.
They kausētavas aluminium and hundreds of employees' future Portlendā, Victoria become blurred, because its main client energy company announced the suspension of cooperation.
This statement is based on the Victoria government plans to stop subsidising energy company, which is vitally important, so that the company can continue to work.
20 years of subsidies will be discontinued in November.
Consequently, more than 2000 Alkoas Portland factory jobs are at risk.
At stake could be up to 2000, both direct and indirect jobs.
In addition, it will also be unpredictable side effects, because kausētava consumes approximately 10 percent of all electricity in Victoria.
In 2014 the Alcoa Point Henry smelter shut "', which led to the power plant Angleseas recess.
Portland Alkoas kausētava working with losses and may be shut down.
These events led to several years of speculation about the rise in the value of the Australian dollar and the cost of production factory.
Factory energy supplier "AGL," supplying energy from their "Loy Yang A power station" Latroubes Valley, says that it is unlikely that the other three owners go out of their contracts.
Most of the power plant is owned by Alcoa "" and "Alumia" character, in addition to the company's shares are owned by the Chinese "CITIC" and "Japan's Marubeni Corp.-scale holdings at present companies.
"AGL" looks forward to the continuation of the Portland plant, which would mean further kausētavai energy supply, "said the spokesman.
"AGL" said that the contracts are so called "risk of restrictive contracts," which is scheduled to come into effect from November 2016.
The contracts are valid for 12 months, so they will be in force until 2017.
"AGL" intends to receive the revenue from these contracts for the fiscal year 2017, "said a company spokesman.
Starting from 2018 fiscal year's potential impact on profits is constrained by favourable market forecasts for wholesale electricity prices in the future.
"AGL" claim that the projections are already ierēķinājis loss of 187 million dollars, provided that these contracts will be terminated.
"Alcoa" sends a message that the decision to terminate the contracts will not affect "Alcoa" opportunities to continue kausētavas activities or to supply it with energy.
The US company says that in 2010, it has entered into a contract with "Loy Yang" of 20 years ago, but in November it will be terminated. The company does not comment on why it will suspend cooperation.
Analysts have expressed concern about the possible closure of the Portland kausētavas Victoria and the Tomago plant closures near the Ņūkāstlas, industry due to the weak economy.
"AGL," Executive Director Steven Mikelsons said last week that, after analysts' estimates Portlenda year spend 600 megavatus and Tomago 900 megavatus energy.
If both of these plants would move away from the energy market, then energy demand would be significantly reduced.
And it would not be good.
Community legal centre each year, rejects 160 000 people.
Each year are rejected more than 160 000 people requirements, in addition to shrinking budgets, the situation could deteriorate.
Three of the five people flooding in Queensland - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the resources to fight illegal evictions, denied free legal assistance and representation.
Community Legal Centre, which is already overloaded, warns that declining funding, the situation will only become worse.
From next June, these legal centres will receive a 30% less funding than in the past.
Queensland Legal Centre director James Farels said that the latest report from the National Legal Centre Association says that at the moment, legal aid is being denied to thousands of people who need it.
Mistrs Farels pointed out, if this decision is not reversed, then the situation will only become worse.
He also said: "The Queensland legal centre constantly receives insufficient funding, this means that assistance is being denied to thousands of people who need it."
People who are trying to end a violent relationship, people with deep debt, families who is going through a divorce, workers who unfairly dismissed - all these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they do not receive the necessary assistance.
From June 2017, the federal government will cut funding by 30 percent, which means that there are thousands of Queensland's population will have to deal with their own complex legal problems without assistance.
We call on the Attorney General and the Queensland Senatoru George W. Brandisu immediately stop funding cuts, so that people who need legal assistance, it can get.
Last year, the government has revealed its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average.
Now it is time to draw attention to the local communities and their customers' needs and Palazčuka government to invest in this important area.
Donald Trump's campaign iesūdzēta in court, because one of the officers lifted an firearm
York: Donald Trump's campaign organisers taken to court, because they have not acted upon the information that the head of its operations in North Carolina turned a firearm against an employee when they have travelled for February in one car.
This incident was described in a court summons, which was presented by the court on Wednesday against Vincent Bordini - a former campaign programmētājs.
Bordini said that he had been waiting for months, that will be launched an internal review of this case, but understood that this will not happen.
Head Ērls Philippe "took out a pistol, put his own good rādītājpirkstu to pull and Americans-bore barrels against Vincenta ceļgalu," Bordini alleges in his complaint.
He also claims that when submitting complaints to local and regional campaign managers, Bordini learned that at least four people have experienced the same thing.
"Weapons are not jāizšauj to create losses," says Bordini in his complaint.
Just two days before the submission of this case, the Republican Party's nominee for president caused a scandal by informing people that "Second Amendment people," i.e. gun owners and across could take action if the election defeat his rival Hillary Clinton and his elected judges.
Trump's campaign representatives announced that Pakistan was "izrāvuši his words out of context, and he never anyone had not fomented violence.
Bordini with its demand wants to sue for compensation from the organisers of the campaign for negligent supervision, but from the unorthodox - for assault, unlawful use of weapon and the creation of emotional stress.
She Houpa Trump's new study did not immediately comment.
Failed to make contact with the Filipsu.
WCCB - against the local news agency reported that Philip has recently left the campaign.
It has been called his consultancy firms "innovative Consultation Services."
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has implemented a controversial election campaign.
Bordini case against the campaign committee, "Donald J. Trump For President Inc." 16-CS-14300, the General Court, Mecklenburg (three) the Supreme Court of Auditors.
A new tradition - Local and sporting festivals Ķūļciemā.
Ķūļciemā on Saturday for the first time, people gathered for Local and sporting celebrations.
After ten years to celebrate this time, it was decided that the lake will no longer be festive.
Now a new chapter is constructed.
The day began with a sports competitions.
This time the race was not the traditional ways and taken too seriously, because, for example, had to be put šautriņas guļošā goal, zābaks flew, with the man's left hand thrown, "bumbuļošanas" have not been nevienās Olympic Games.
However, each participant was able to show how strong, brave, quick and attapīgs he is.
After sports games all packed an outdoor estrādē, where Local celebration began.
In the meantime, were also "kids' corner," where small could izdauzīties piepūšamajās atrakcijās and acquire a new image face grimētavā.
News, which could also become a tradition, was braucamrīku parade, which went both the tractors and motorcycles.
All addressed Ķūļciema Local Administration manager Inga Kadiķe-Skadiņa, who wished the nice rest and dry periods, the rain both uzlija, however, but it did not interfere with anything much.
The celebrations continued with the latest Ķūļciema sveikšanu.
Really good that Parish is compounded by the five meitenītēm and one puisīti.
There ķūļciemniekiem arrived with a amatiermākslas collectively from the county Engures - viewers loved seniors dance sets "for ritmi," folk dance performers "Redas" and the young dancer Golden pearls "performances.
And it's nothing that the wet stage a paslīdēt also came into being.
Of course, the local populace and ciemiņiem joy was a famous actors duo Janis Jarāns and Dainis Porgants, who was once again Mildiņa Nabiņa and Skaidrīte Krāniņa, as well as Bērzciema atraktīvās wives of fishermen's backyard "Dieniņas."
Balli played the group "blocks."
Britain is to keep the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow.
Heathrow will not only contribute to the prosperity and growth in local regions and in London, but also across the country.
This, in my view, makes Heathrow very attractive, as well as in 2012 in London, where we spent an enormous amount of work, so that all regions of the country would benefit from the Olympic Games.
Stratforda and Īstenda won an awful lot of the Olympic Games.
And we will do this again, with local residents and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow.
Local communities as we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40 000 new jobs and finally let us put an end to youth unemployment around Heathrow.
Just like the London Olympic Games in 2012, and this time there will be people who will argue that this challenge is too big and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious.
Back then, people said that Britain would never fail to prepare for the Olympics, and that it will be a global disaster.
The sceptics wrong for 2012 and also at Heathrow, they will not be right.
There is always the obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow so far has overcome everything.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is the infrastructure project that will benefit society as a whole, rather than individuals.
Enlargement has the potential to generate up to 180,000 new jobs, economic growth 211 billion, creating the ground for both employment and experience in the airport and across Britain.
Heathrow is an excellent team, which has led to 11 billion pounds' worth of infrastructure investment programme, within the timeframe and budget, starting with the terminal 5, which for five years from the site has been named the best airport terminal in the world and ending with the terminal 2, which is built between two skrejceļiem used more intensively in the world.
Now they are ready to build a third runway, which will be funded by private investment of 16 billion pounds per year.
The 2012 London Olympics was a great success, and I am confident that this will also be the expansion of Heathrow.
It is time to revive the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new employment environment, with which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deitons Heathrow is a board member and former Economic Secretary of a commercial.
Designs for a woman in Switzerland to lielceļa, trying to commit suicide.
Injured in the middle of the night to nogūlās lielceļa.
The police are trying to find witnesses incident when on Thursday early in the morning to her lielceļa pārbrauca across several machines.
The accident took place on Thursday, shortly after midnight on the A1 road near the city of Morges Vo kantonā.
Vo kantona police report says that desperately wanting to commit suicide, a woman was apgūlusies on the road in the dark, where he roared several cars.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, a 49 year old Swiss man, roared on several cars, including heavy machinery.
She died at the scene.
Several of the drivers involved in an accident has already given evidence, but others involved have not yet been clarified, said police, who calls to refer drivers involved in the accident and witnesses.
Case has also opened a criminal investigation, which in this case is a logical step, edition of Le Tribune de Geneve said lawyer Gilles Hofstellers.
However, is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Whether it was possible to avoid the collision?
Hofstellers adds: "It will clarify the prosecutor."
Two similar incidents that have taken place over the past 5 years, shows that none of the drivers will not be found liable.
In both cases, the gājējs in the middle of the night was passed to lielceļa, so it was decided that drivers can predict that in the middle of the night to lielceļa gājējs will be located, the newspaper said.
Last year, a policewoman was justified killing recklessly when, in August 2014 she nobrauca a man who was lying in the middle of the night on the A1 road near Paijernes.
The court found that the 22 year old victim had been drinking and later pamanījies aizmigt on the road.
The court concluded that the policewoman, who were on their way to the accident site, there were circumstances in an appropriate manner and the judge acknowledged that guļošais man on the road was "completely unpredictable and extreme case."
Anyone who has information about the incident which took place on Thursday near Morges, is asked to contact police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
The internet is collecting signatures for a new Revenue Service head office for the contest.
"Portal" Avaaz.org petition started collecting signatures for a new National revenue Service (SRS), the head of the holding of the contest.
The petition, which is addressed to the National Alliance (resolution) and the Greens and Farmers' ministers, indicates that the company wants to transparent and professional appointments process.
A petition calling 10.augustā, and it is currently signed up to 55 people.
The Revenue Service's office reopened Ingas had the nomination process is necaurspīdīgs and unprofessional.
This brings to mind the best of the Soviet Union's fundamentalist tradition.
It undermines public administration and once again puts the public voice in government and politicians.
"It is necessary for the contest with clear criteria against which to judge all candidates," says a petition text.
Its author, John B. pointed out that the public is not aware of the criteria, as Koļegova selected post.
It was also clear that, what are the candidate's ideas at work.
The petition states that the State Chancellery building new, open competition, which is being actively targeted by professional candidates, attracted by and offered appropriate remuneration.
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola last week formally nominated at the head of the Revenue Service, the government this week was expected to confirm him in his new post, but all of the Party Unity ministers voted against, so the question of the week was postponed.
Samoilovs /: If we lost, so I played badly.
Beach men's Aleksandrs Samoilovs and Janis Smedins hoped for a prize in the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games, however, without being in front of them, there is no difference where in a race, after the withdrawal from the tournament, Samoilovs said.
One of the world's most powerful couples in beach volleyball tournament's next stage on Thursday and the decisive game with 1 - 2 (16: 21, 22: 20, 7: 15) lost the Brazilians Evandru Gonsalvešam Oliveira and Pedru Solbergam Salgadu, through their participation in the same prime Sports Forum.
Three group matches of the Latvian athletes scored one victory, but the same ratio was still two couples.
Next, which counts were three pairs of small) ratio, which, after a convincing loss in this match Commissioner visnelabvēlīgākā was exactly the Latvian duetam.
"The first game we were in the lead, but from 16: 15 it also were still on 16 points," the pace of the game remembered Smedins.
Even I don't know how the remaining part of Seta were still without any points.
It may not play.
Then in the second game, everything was fine and Seta galotnē managed to break the game, and it should have been a good foundation for the third setam.
It began like that, but after samainījāmies parties, the result was recorded in just one team.
We had too many mistakes in the attack.
Now the whole team was similar, almost all matches were three seti, so important was the small points.
"Had a līdzīgāk, rather than repeatedly to return 3 to 4 points in a row," said sportsman.
We knew that can Evandru uzservēt.
"The first game was to deal with it, the second ielaidām 1 - 2 points, but the third at + 4 already left the game for him," remembered Smedins.
I tried to show the best game.
Moments came, sometimes not.
The league did not play before the match, but it was known that had as much as possible in the small points.
"If we lost, so I played badly," said Samoilovs /.
From Evandru waited for a second, and with it the first / Robezsardze also coped pretty well, but in the third he atvērās serve and it was difficult to attack.
I made a mistake in the reception much directly to Pedru serves, but had to deal with it.
Samoilovs / said that, in contrast to the previous you today, athletes were not nervozitātes.
"We went, played, the defense was, however, had a better reception serves," said the sportsman.
"They played very well and in the end had already met to" urrā '. "
Immediately before the tournament had already said that is izloze neērtākā, what might have been.
We had a chance to fight for the first place, but were not even out of the group.
"All of us were waiting for the medal and we, too, by itself, but then said there is no longer any differences - 25.vieta or fourth," said Samoilovs /, who predicted that the duo will continue to play together in the future.
I think that there will be no issue and will continue to play together, because this is just one tournament.
Samoilovam in Rio de Janeiro was already a third career Olympic Games, in Beijing in 2008, he, along with Mārtiņu Pļaviņu, but four years ago in London, played alongside Ruslanu Sorokinu.
Bradshaw Šmēdiņam this was the second starts for.
Latvenergo follows the process of opening up the gas market and the potential of the trader's positions.
National energokompānija Latvenergo follows the process of opening up the market for gas from both the consumer and the potential of the trader's positions, said company spokeswoman Ivita Bidere informed.
"The decision on whether or not the future Latvenergo gas market will join as well as a trader, will determine how much gas market model and legal framework will be established."
"So from my side to actively engage in the legislative building and komentēšanā, as well as submit their proposals," said Bidere.
The agency BNS already wrote that the Ministry of Economic Affairs (EM), in collaboration with the Public Utilities Commission and energokompāniju Latvijas Gāze "developed by the Cabinet of Ministers draft rules" in marketing and use rules "which will change the existing natural gas market principles of action, from 2017 3.aprīļa natural gas users in securing the right to freely choose natural gas trader.
While working on the new natural gas market regulation, EM's aim is to make the process of natural gas trading after 300,000 and comprehensible to the user.
Therefore, as the most effective and most convenient solution for servicing the user opts for "trader centriskais model" in which all activities related to customer service provides a trader - one contract, one bill and one information security and customer service place, leaving the distribution system operator in terms of natural gas distribution systems for the technical issues.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in the electricity.
Recall that the household users provides for the gradual opening of the market - even after 2017 3.aprīļa they household users who want to choose another natural gas trader, will be able to continue to receive natural gas from the existing trader on regulated prices, thus becoming the related users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas related users on the regulated price is set out in the public," the ministry said.
While businesses will have to choose natural gas trader, which shut down the natural gas trade treaty.
Until the natural gas sales agreement for a certain period of traders trade in natural gas will provide the natural gas trader on the fixed price.
Cabinet draft rules in detail in natural gas trader, the system operator and users' rights and responsibilities.
Rules determines the order in which users supplying natural gas and cut off its supply of natural gas systems for safe use requirements, the trader, the trader, the system operator, user and gazificētā site owner's rights and responsibilities for the natural gas supply and use; how can settlement of services received, the size of fines for interest, dealers and users in exchange for supplies of natural gas supply disruptions; how natural gas supply to the user provides a public dealer.
Vēsākais morning since June, places temporarily raining.
Friday saullēktā temperatures almost throughout Latvia is + 6... + 9 degrees, two night Mērsragā registered + 4.7 degrees Celsius, which is the lowest mark since 14.jūnija, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center data.
A little over + 10 degrees Celsius temperatures at night remained only in Liepaja.
Clouds of the country as a whole is a small, places temporarily raining, more closely in Kurzeme and Ziemeļvidzemē.
The wind is blowing slow south.
In Riga at six in the morning air cooled to + 8... + 9 degrees, the international airport to + 6 degrees.
Blowing south, southeast winds of 3 to 5 meters per second.
The maximum temperatures on Thursday, the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center Observation Network was the stage from + 15.2 degrees Celsius to + 19.9 degrees shipped.
On Friday, the sun mīsies with clouds.
Friday in Latvia will be relatively saulaina, gubu clouds places will bring intermittent rain.
Preponderance of moderate western wind, the air percentage based to + 17... + 20 degrees.
In some places the cloud might bring a little intermittent rain, sun air more heated so as to + 19 degrees.
Weather lays down some branch, atmospheric pressure 761-764 mercury staba milimetri sea level.
The highest temperatures in Europe said on August 11 was... + 38 + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The lower temperatures at night on Friday... -3 -8 degrees in the mountains of the northern and central part of.
Various headquarters holds iereibušu and armed man.
Latvian State Police on Friday arrested iereibušu various headquarters and the armed man, said State Police spokeswoman Gita Gžibovska.
The State Police received information about the fact that, through various bulvāri walk inadequate man who was armed with a gun and looks very drunk.
Ekipāža, who went to call, suffered in a car accident, and a man was arrested another ekipāža.
The iereibušā man found the gas weapon.
As reported, on Friday, the rush to call, in the heart of the Riga have National Police (MDP) machine.
The accident happened when travelling to a Category A call, or going to prevent a situation in which a threat to human health or life.
However, Chicago and Dzirnavu Street street corner there has been a collision with a car.
Minister: Next week is expected to rule on the Revenue Service's wage increases.
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens and Farmers Union (Greens) is planning next week with Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Greens) and the government's coalition partners to talk about the State Revenue Service (SRS) director general wage increases.
Reizniece-Ozola told reporters on Friday that the issue of the State Revenue Service wage increases must be addressed urgently in order to make this post more attractive to potential bidders in the tender.
Similarly, next week will be talk about changing the conditions of the contest.
The minister also stressed that she had in mind for a particular candidate, which speak to qualify for the vacant post.
At the same time, Reizniece-Ozola expressed the view that the State Environmental Service manager Inga Koļegova Cirule would have been good.
But when it comes to the state of the job duties Daci Pelēko performers, who expressed readiness to qualify for this post, the minister reiterated his view that the new SRS Director General should be skatam "from the sidelines" and it should not come from the body.
She also stressed that waiting for the Saeima will return from leave, so as soon as possible to push amendments to the law, which requires the structuring.
The agency BNS reported that the State Environmental Service manager Inga Koļegova Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens) submitted an application, in which he was withdrawing his candidacy for Revenue Service's office.
The application, she said, that it is not an easy choice, but in the last two weeks of her relatives have suffered serious emotional pressure, although it has not carried out any reprehensible actions by law.
It Koļegova pointed out that her nominations consultation has stoked controversy between the parties in the ruling coalition, which is also not acceptable.
Also reported that the previous Cirule resignation left office at the end of June.
Oil prices continued to climb, rising stock markets dive in the US and Europe, as well as the value of the US dollar.
On Friday morning, world oil prices continue to rise, investors' mood positive impact on Saudi Arabia's oil minister rhetoric that reinforces expectations that the largest oil ieguvējvalstis in September at the upcoming OPEC meeting will take action to stabilize the global oil market.
The three major US stock markets dive on Thursday reached a record level, which was not recorded in the eastern Bosnian town since 1999
A key positive factor for the market was the rise in oil prices and a number of large companies are strong financial performance.
Rising oil prices and strong financial performance of several companies on Thursday was the reason for the rise in the stock exchange index.
The value of the US dollar rose against the euro on Thursday, against the British pound and against the Japanese yen.
The New York Stock Exchange in electronic commerce brand WTI crude oil supplies rose in September on Thursday for $1.78 to 43,49 dollars a barrel.
"The price of Brent crude oil supplies" markings on the London stock exchange rose by were dollars - until 46,04 dollars a barrel.
Canning's "Blue lagūna" shrinking turnover last year of 33.8%.
Canning's "Blue lagūna" turnover last year, there were 4,202 million, an increase of 33.8% lower than a year earlier, while the company's losses fell 5.7 times - until 904,7 thousands of euros, according to the database "Lursoft" published annual financial report.
The company's management, the report says that in 2015, the company worked with the loss, due to a number of reasons, including in connection with the ongoing working capital shortfall caused by "Unicredit Bank" withdrawal from the market by stopping the previously existing credit lines, and leaving the Blue lagoons "with contracts without the opportunity to comply with them.
Consequently, the company did not have sufficient resources to buy cheaper raw materials in bulk and receive a volume discount.
The bank's withdrawal from the Latvian market also refused to allow the company to implement the European Union's structural funds to support projects that would have allowed the plant to buy new production equipment and modernise infrastructure.
It aizvadītājā founders of the company's financial year was adversely affected by commodity prices and customers' unwillingness to pay more for the company's manufactured goods.
"Only in the second half of July 2016 customers said price changes and was ready to buy the goods on the new - the highest - prices," says the company's leadership.
It lagūna in 2015 "Blue" began discussions with potential investors, including the company's valuation of their movable and nekustamās property.
Investors have already been at the company's largest creditor, "Unicredit Leasing," where the parties are familiar and negotiated potential investment plans.
At the same time, the company's operations and development positively influenced the 2014 and 2015 launched the restructuring and optimisation plan is put into practice.
The plan included a technological process improvement and optimisation, allowing them to achieve greater productivity and production capacity.
"It was purchased in a number of facilities, which provides greater speed of production," said the company's leadership.
"Blue lagūna" guidance notes that the contents of the equipment will allow the company's plant in 2016 to comply with the orders, which until now was not possible.
The first batch of production, which will be produced on this equipment, will be ready in August.
As has already signed protocols of intent for the sale of the product, the entire production will be sold in accordance with the intention of protocols.
The new product will increase the turnover of about 300 thousand euros a month, "says the company's leadership.
Similarly, in August 2016, the company is planning to sign a cooperation agreement on fish production deliveries to Iraq.
"Blue lagūna aizsūtījusi" in 2016 is the first experimental containers to Israel, expanded outlets to Cyprus in September this year and will sign a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the United States.
For all the above measures will result in the company plans to increase turnover.
In 2014, "Blue lagūna" worked with 6,347 million euros in turnover and 5,113 million euros in losses.
"Blue lagūna" was founded in 1997 and its share capital is 1,156 million euros.
The company is owned by two private individuals - Mikhail Kaidanovam (89.11%) and Igors Širšonam (10,89%).
Welcome to pl. 15 at the Museum to see the cinema quaestors Zāru Leanderi and take part in a press conference.
Riga can be seen dievinātās cinema dīvas Zāras Leanderes career start and the city of inspiration.
Zāras Lenderes ciemošanās at krustmātes Rutas, which was the Swedish ambassador in Latvia, in Riga in 1924 turned fatal, because she was a woman of unusual Zāras Leanderes low kontraltu, whom she iemēģināja Oct to Riga kabarē theatre.
Perhaps it is the inadvertent jaušība in Riga, became a fateful turn Zāras creative path towards a global reputation.
Riga Zārai Leanderei associated with cosy memory, and she hoped would come to Riga viesizrādēs, but unfortunately, those expectations were not destined to come true, since the Second World War began.
Using the form of performances, this meeting will be possible in 2016 Riga vacations and excellent Zāras Leanderes ballet iejutīsies excellent Ieva Kerēvica.
Aglonas vicinity certainly widespread traffic restrictions.
In order to ensure Vissvētākās Jaunavas Marie in the sky reception festive player safety, starting from this year's 12 August at 5 p.m. until 15 August at 18.00 will be closed to trucks tranzītsatiksme along several country roads around Aglonas, owned by the Latvian National roads.
The Aglonas festive participants and public transport, these restrictions will not apply.
Take into account that the motorway P62 Krāslava-Preiļi-Madona stage from Krāslavas until Krāslavas station (0,80.-4,00. km) takes place in the construction and Aglonas vacations ("blockad") will be able to cross the only public transport and pedestrians.
Other road users, traffic will be provided by apbraucamo road - the scheme in the accompanying failā.
Traditionally, these celebrations come to a large number of participants, including svētceļnieki.
Therefore, drivers need to be especially careful, because different road routes towards Aglonu will be busy pedestrian street.
Call for drivers with understanding to treat invented by traffic restrictions to adhere to road safety procedures, as well as to count on a possible longer travel time.
The water temperature in all the water at below + 20 degrees.
By the time vēso will continue water temperatures dipping, and now all the rivers and lakes, as well as in the sea it is below + 20 degrees, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center data.
Sea water cooled to + 16... + 18 degrees, on the west coast of the Gulf of Riga wind affects the water temperature places slumped to + 13 degrees Celsius, Rojā moments to + 9 degrees.
Lielupē and Daugavā, as well as the large lakes of water temperature is + 18... + 20 degrees, in other water + 14... + 19 degrees.
A year ago, the temperature of the water in the rivers and lakes 12.augustā places amounted to + 24.. + 25 degrees, on the southern coast of the Gulf of Riga was up to + 22 degrees warm water.
The Latvian border near identified the Russian army plane.
The Latvian border near identified Russian military aircraft, the agency BNS learned Latvian armed forces.
Armed Forces informed that on Friday patruļlidmašīnas neitrālajiem above the Baltic Sea waters near Latvian territorial sea borders identified the Russian armed forces plane "IL-20."
It vēstījusi BNS on numerous occasions, that the Russian military planes and Naval vessels at the Latvian borders are being found on a regular basis.
Amusement park in England has been a sexual assault of two children.
England town Berkshire police looking for their aggressors, who amusement park "Legoland" sexually used two six years old girl, according to the Daily Mail. "
Police asked the parents to explore the amusement park in the photographs, because they can be seen in a hitter.
The girls been telling them about what had happened.
A man has been the unknown girls, white colour and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists occupy the German public service broadcaster buildings.
30 people in a Kurdish group on Thursday evening took a public service broadcaster WDR buildings in Düsseldorf, where he held a nearly two hour long protest actions, reported to the German police.
The demonstrators, who arrived with the paņemtiem banners, chanted various slogans in an effort to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
Officials said that the demonstration was largely peaceful and the protesters at the request of the buildings eventually left voluntarily.
The insurer paid out compensation to passengers at the airport on Wednesday annulled avioreisa.
If Insurance paid out travel insurance fee for a family on Wednesday, 10 August at Riga Airport cancelled flights, which had to abandon the planned visit to the music festival.
11 August If insurance from a client's application was received remuneration.
The family had planned to go to music festivals in Belgium, but since Wednesday at the airport cancelled flights because it was not possible, the customer was calculated return on naktsmītņu bookings, which could no longer lift, as well as the festival tickets purchased 204 euros.
While the money spent on airline tickets to customers has promised to reimburse the airline.
If Insurance from all the travel insurance policy premiums for an average of 15% of cases has paid compensation for the suspension or cancellation of the tour.
"Such times are being reimbursed for the purchase of tickets, the return or exchange, as well as on accommodation bookings," says If Insurance driver risk insurance product manager Dagnija Rutka.
As you know, 10 August night on the airport's runway because of technical problems stopped a private plane, so just cancelled a number of departing flights, but a number of incoming flights had to divert to other airports.
Because of my neighbour's repair man comes to sadrupušiem ceiling and forced to leave their homes.
ATV programme "4.studija" went to Dmitry Saidjaševs, whose neighbour started kapitālo repair in his apartment, and since then the plaster of the broken drūp Dmitri from the ceiling and there is no certainty that it is safe to stay in the apartment.
The problem is that my neighbours carried out arbitrary construction and my apartment is damaged ceiling.
Then I informed the Riga būvvaldi, house managers and other organisations.
Būvvalde said that we are not a call centre and we do not have any expert.
"The apartment owner must go Latvia's chief ally, and from there will be an expert," says Dmitry.
Stands pieaicinātais expert, fiksējis what happened and admitted that pārsegums reportedly unsatisfactory condition.
But since the first Dmitry būvvaldē application a month, and until the beginning of this week it also no one was unable to answer, or the location of the apartment is not a life.
It Būvvaldē said - that is the law, expect, if you are not satisfied, the campaign all in a row.
"Then wrote to the Riga City Council, but they forwarded the house manager, then the manager of būvvaldi house again, and then it is at a dead end," says Dmitry.
After examining all the pile of paper, it is clear that the works are stopped, even if every time you can hear that someone is working there.
Yet two months were needed expertise and six months, the apartment owner, who carry out repairs, all of these defects were eliminated.
The independent expert has drawn up its own opinion, but būvvalde deemed incomplete and superficial.
An expert has not indicated whether it is affected by the current metal režģojums nesošajā design, so there is no guarantee that the bottom apartment owner creates a threat.
"That's why we have asked for further clarification from the expert," the story of the Riga city būvvaldes spokeswoman Ilze Žūka.
Despite the ban on any repairs upper apartment, from there ever hear that construction will continue.
The punishment for arbitrary construction without building permits are from 70 to 700 euros, but in this case the punishment can be much worse.
While it is expected an expert opinion, būvvalde decided that the two apartments may not operate - though it takes place works, both Dmitry flat.
'this būvvaldes practice is unprecedented in this way, their ignorance or simply because of the reluctance of people, perhaps, created a threat not only in his possession, but also in the bottom of the property owner, and as a result the owner cannot exploit their property, "says būvvaldes spokeswoman.
Dmitri now need to look for another place to live - in front of relatives, friends, in a hotel or rent another apartment.
But the damage Dmitry may try to recover from a neighbour's civil round, which both can take a very long time.
Both sides of the arbitrary construction of apartments to stay at the moment is forbidden until construction engineers will give its verdict, and it may have to wait up to three weeks.
Losses will be borne by the owner of the apartment, which underwent repairs.
The owner of the apartment because būvvaldes said is not taken into account, also faces a prison sentence of up to six months.
It Uzmini!
How lauvēnu added in this?
The right answer - five.
Ukraine Demidovas zoodārzā near Kiev's been born five white lauvēni.
Everyone feels good and sometimes uzšņāc overall, despite the fact that a juvenile feeding.
The former Ķemeru resorts transformation into a five-star hotel will cost 22 million euros.
The former Ķemeru resorts transformation into a five-star hotel "Park Hotel Ķemeri" will cost 22 million euros, the story of a future hotel manager company Park Hotel Ķemeri "representative Gita Zelve told LETA.
Creation of the hotel is the first step in restoring the former Ķemeru resorts.
The second phase will be a "wellness" or well being a clinic, which is expected to reveal the until the opening of the hotel scheduled for May 2018.
Želve notes that the exact cost of the clinics are not yet known.
But she points out that it is located in the former Ķemeru opened clinics in the building, which has an area of approximately 12,000 square meters.
A clinic will be deployed in three stories high.
"The Park Hotel Ķemeri" and the owner of the clinics is the International Fund "G Capital Europe," which invest in European assets.
"G Capital Europe" owners have a number of investors who put their money in the fund, says Želve.
As in the past, "said G Capital Europe," Chief Executive George Džouns, former resort in a clinical setting is expected to invest in the 12 to 15 million euros, a total investment volume of over 30 million euros.
As reported, that the reconstruction of the historical and cultural park more than 42 hectares, access roads and street rebuilding phase, the interactive nature tourism site built, labiekārtošanā areas and car parks built Emīla Dārziņa Street, which will contribute to social and economic development in the city of Jurmala, and the increase in the number of tourists, the Jurmala City Council plans to attract funds from the European Union 14.5 million euros, with the resources of the three to four million euros.
Until the middle of next year for the design works, but it works and putting works will begin in the autumn of next year.
As reported, the historic resorts complex "Ķemeri" plans to build a five-star hotel "Park Hotel Ķemeri" and "wellness" or wellbeing clinics.
However, reconstruction of protracted.
While the 2010 review has yet been claimed that "Ominasis" regularly going to the hotel operator Kempinski "," which continues to provide daily technical control sanatorijā "Ķemeri", "and is already winning certainly would be" completed a future hotels "Ķemeri" reconstruction "and immediately sākšoties preparations" Kempinski "chain hotels opening.
In October 2014 and its willingness to buy maksātnespējīgajai "Ominasis Latvia" owned Ķemeru resorts property set at auction, "said Park Hotel Ķemeri," but a month later auction was recognised for, because there was no winner in due course paid for the purchase.
The sale price was set in the last auction nenotikušās sākumcenai - 2,86 million euros.
As LETA was informed by the City Council spokeswoman Ieva Aile, local government, by signing the protocol, demonstrated that, with the support of European Union structural funds will lay out our adjacent infrastructure - will restore the historic Ķemeru park, will set up an interactive nature tourism sites, will lay out our roads and car parks.
He operdziedātājam Antoņenko will bestow.
President Raimonds Vejonis next week, Employees, will be awarded the Order class III operdziedātājam Alexander Antoņenko, according to the president's agenda.
The three the Order award ceremony will take place at Melngalvju House
According to the Latvian National Opera and Ballet (LNOB) information, Antoņenko 1998 graduated from St Joseph Mediņa Music College, where he learned and mastered the game pūšaminstrumentu dziedāšanu at Margaritas Gruzdevas.
He Vokālajā Joseph Vitola Latvian Music Academy in Chapter Arvīda Lustes in the classroom.
In 1997, in turn, started singing the Latvian National Opera korī, but the role of the Oberto debitējis G.F.Hendeļa Opera "Alčīna."
Received a "Great Music Award 2003" on vokālo performance opera performances and Verdi Rekviēmā.
Pointed out that the 2004 / 2005 season has become an internationally prominent Latvian tenor's name, which is the world's largest angažē operteātri.
Since the autumn of 2004 he sing "Düsseldorf Deutsche Oper am Rhein," Berlin and Graz Opera, "the Dresden Semperoper," Oslo and Stockholm Karaliskajās operās, London Garden, Montekarlo Opera, the Vienna State Opera, as well as Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf Opera and the Salzburg Festival.
Bertans Antoņenko in 2009 with great success in the role of the Metropolitan Opera Prince "Nārā."
And in 2011 Antoņenko with Ricardo mouth and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra sang titullomu "Othello" at the Paris Opera, the Garden he sang Luigi "cloak" jauniestudējumā, as well as Stockholm attracted Kristofa Loja iestudētajā Meitenē "from the West."
One year later Antoņenko sang with great success in Othello role of the London Garden.
The former NATO commander Brīdlova email uzlauzuši Russian hackers.
Hackers who hacked into the US Democratic National Committee (DNC) computers, perhaps, carried out a number of other cyber attacks, including uzlauzuši NATO forces in the former commander Phillip Brīdlova emails and George Soros' Open Society Institute "servers, on Thursday reported business news agency Bloomberg."
Hackers obtained the information published on the website DCLeaks.com "."
There Brīdlova also posted on, among other things, correspondence and news of the Soros Institute's work.
Hakeriem Institute's computers have been available for a whole year.
According to Bloomberg news "" these cyber attacks carried out by the same Russian hackers specdienestiem attendant, who uzlauzuši DNC emails.
The newspaper "The Wall Street Journal, meanwhile, reported that US President Barack Obama's administration is currently examining the issue of new sanctions against Russia in response to the DNC computer hacking.
To implement the sanctions, the administration will be officially kiberuzbrukumā Democratic Party servers charged with Russia or Russian authorities supported by the hackers.
As reported by the website WikiLeaks released in July, around 20 000 emails, which were acquired from the DNC computer systems and from which you can tell that the Democratic Party leaders tried to undermine the party's candidate Hillary Clinton's former competitor Vermontas senator Bērnija Sandersa campaign in the battle for the Democratic nomination for the presidential election.
As reported in the US press sources, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which carries out the Democrats servers uzlaušanas investigations, as well as other US special services, believes that Russia's relationship with the cyber attack is almost indisputable.
McCartney: Joke Ono was hampered by the presence of The Beatles. "
Paul McCartney admitted that the presence of a joke Ono created a member of the legendary group "The Beatles" a sense of danger.
74 years old rock star is currently maintains a "good" relationship with the late John Lennon atraitni, but at a time when she went to visit the group recording studio, Panel she scared because Ono was the only woman in a group of players - George Harrison, Ringo Stāra, Lennon and McCartney - things.
Dziedātājam when asked about the relationship between the two, "Rolling Stone magazine, he replied:" They are really good. "
At the time we were feeling threatened.
As we wrote into, she sat on the accelerators.
Most of the group could not be tolerated.
We were able to, but not very well, because we were so starved.
We seksisti, but girls usually did not come to the label, they allowed us to operate.
When John began to meet up with a joke, she nesēdēja kontroltelpā, but in the middle of our four.
Spoiler "Yellow Submarine" author also admitted that now in regular contact with former team mates Ringo, and recurrently confirms the record companies "Apple" work plans, but otherwise, the Beatles had "ceased to function."
Asked whether he would still meet with the other members of the only living member of the legendary rock band ever, McCartney, "Rolling Stone," said: "Often, no."
We ballītēs meet social activities and.
I neeju but to meetings, though, I am a bit of it norobežojies.
I went from the "Apple" during the divorce.
In place of meetings sūtīju Los Īstmenu and said: "Atstāsti me what everyone says, because I cannot suffer sēdēšanu off the table."
It was too painful, as if seeing mirstam their pets.
The company is now working on it that I just noklausos all records.
I am a part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venēra ever been an inhabitable planet
Based on the latest NASA climate models, Venēra ever has been an inhabitable planet.
NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, scientists have developed a model to explore the history of Venus, using tools and algorithms, which are also used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether to Venus, whose surface is hot, where there is no water, and the atmosphere is made up almost exclusively of carbon in the Earth in the past, there have been similar circumstances.
Scientists have previously raised speculation that Venus slow turning speed is due to a solid atmosphere.
But the latest simulation shows that on Venus once had a plan, similar to the atmosphere of the Earth and its griezusies slowly.
The model also looks at the Venus topography.
On the planet have been more dry areas than on Earth, but they had enough water and geographical diversity, that could lead to life and not to allow the water to evaporate.
Early times of Venus Saule was about 30 percent spožāka.
GISS model exercise held Venus turning model reveals that the days of the bright part of it lasts 2 months, the press release explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
This process of unifying the planet's surface and causes the rain, which in turn is made up of a thick cloud layers, which acts as an umbrella, protecting the planet from the solar heat.
The result is a temperate climate temperature, which is actually a few degrees lower than the temperature on Earth today.
The model depicts the history of Venus, which is similar to the theory of evolution, which in their hipotēzēs developed by scientists.
Although in the past it has been an inhabitable, several billion years Venēra been exposed to too much hot and violet rays.
They izgaroja oceans, and garaiņus izdedzināja ultravioletie on them.
The water fully izgarojot, above left only plan for carbon dioxide in the atmosphere with deadly greenhouse gas - Venēra, as we know it today.
The scientists published a new Venus climate model results in the journal "Geophysical Research letters."
Patrick Roy departs from-coach
On Thursday-coach and Hockey Operations Vice President Patrick Roy submitted her resignation, the grounds, the team's lack of influence in the decision making process.
Colorado vice president and general manager, Joe Sakiks confirmed the news and said that the club immediately begin to search for a new coach.
"Over the past three years I have vigorously, passionately and purposefully performed his duties as head coach and the Colorado club hockey operations vice president," in his statement says a 50 year old Roy.
This summer, I have a lot of thought, how I could improve the team's performance, in order to give it the necessary luminescence and achieve a higher level of performance.
To achieve this, the head coach and Vice President of Hockey Operations visions are fully coincide with the organisation's visions.
He will also be able to influence the decisions relating to the team's performance.
Now, these conditions have not been met.
Sakiks, who hired Roju 23 May 2013, Rojam thanked for his contribution to the team.
Sakiks said that Patrick told him of his decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the benefit of the organisation and we wish him all the best for the future.
In his first season with the team-2013-2014, Roy was found on the League's best coach and received Džeka Adamsa prize.
He helped the club reach the 112 points and first place in the Central Division, but the games in the first round Kolorado team beat Minnesota PINKI. Since then, the club has already spent two years has not permeated the games.
-sealed the 2015 / 2016 season with the results of the 39-39-4 and remained five points behind "Wild" team, gaining the Western Conference organisers of the second special invitation.
Medicines glory goalkeeper Roy in his career won four Stanley kausus - two with the Montreal Canadiens and two with-. "
A North Sea oil platform workers return to the negotiating table and postpone strike
Workers' strikes on a North Sea oil platform workers' pay has been postponed because both parties to the dispute are renegotiated, according to negotiators.
Periodically against the oil processing company, "Wood Group" is being held strikes on North Sea oil platforms, where the company operates "Royal Dutch Shell."
In the joint statement says that "Wood Group" and "Unite" and "RMT" unions agreed to resume talks on resolving the dispute.
Over the next few weeks are designed for a full day of meetings, which will begin early next week with a view to reconsider the outstanding issues.
The unions said that their recent actions, which organised after more than 25 years later, is directed against the planned pay cuts of 30 percent.
The negative market pressures, "Wood Group earlier this year reduced the wages of workers in the North Sea by 9 per cent.
In 2014, the company has already reduced the road workers' wages by 10 per cent.
The company explains that the additional salary cuts would allow the company to survive the market downturn.
While the "Shell" has already reduced the salaries of several thousand people and announced plans to stop the oil and natural gas operations in 10 countries, in order to optimise their work in preparation for large scale merger deal with British energy company BG Group '. "
Energy companies are under pressure from falling oil prices, in addition to the situation all the more complicated by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
At the beginning of the week the Scottish Parliament Member Dave he met with workers' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - the North Sea strike plans.
He said that the North Sea is vital to the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole for the economy, from which all derive benefit, rather than individuals.
In 2016, the new projects in the North Sea are expected to invest nearly $1.4 billion, compared to $7 billion invested in the last five years.
Keplers size stars turning speed Plejādes zvaigznājā.
The latest Keplera telescope mission has helped astronomers with to gather the fullest catalogue of stars turning speed Plejādes zvaigznājā.
The new data will help astronomers with understand why stars in this zvaigznājā turns at different speeds, as well as the way in which stars turning speed applies to the formation of the planet.
"We hope that the comparison of our results with other zvaigznājiem, we get more information on the relationship between the mass of stars, age and even the history of the solar system," said Caltech news edition Pasadenas infrared Procesu and Analytical Center researcher Luisa Rebula.
Plejādes zvaigznājs located 445 light years away from Earth.
Many of the stars in this zvaigznājā just starting to rise, reaching around 125 million years old.
It turns with a maximum speed.
Spinning with a maximum speed of these rising stars emit large amounts of stars in the wind.
It magnētiskajā winds entering the stars, they are slowing down stars.
Stars as they get older, their turning speed is decreasing.
Keplers measured each stars turning speed, setting a time between recognisable stars district, for example, sun spaces, appearance.
The latest stars turning speed catalogue shows that more stars moves more slowly than smaller stars.
Rebuls compares the stars with dejotajiem, more other dancers perform piruetes slower than little other dancers.
Rebuls tells us that "Plejādes baletā" shows that slowly revolving objects are bigger and masīvāki, while faster revolving facilities are very small stars.
It Plejādes zvaigznājs that are so close, it serves as a great space laboratory, where you can compare the characteristics of the stars with turning speeds.
Rebuls tells us that Plejādes zvaigznājs helps build theoretical models of star rotation in both directions, both older and younger stars.
We still have a lot to learn how, when and why did slow down the speed of stars turning and stopping to complete the process.
She Rebuls and colleagues presented a detailed analysis of the Plejādes stars turning speed of three new publications, which will soon be published in the astronomical journal.
