the 28-year-old Cook found dead in San Francisco in the supermarket
This week a supermarket in stairway enclosures found dead 28-year-old Cook, who recently moved to San Francisco.
But the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would want to harm his brother, stating that: "his life finally began to improve."
The body, which was found at the Vestfīld supermarket on Wednesday, has been identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, told the San Francisco medical examiner's Office.
San Francisco Police announced that his death was recognized as murder and are currently under investigation.
The victim's brother Luis Galicia of San Francisco stations to ABC story KG that he previously worked as a cook in Boston, but six months ago he was at his dream job at the restaurant "sons & Daughter" in San Francisco.
The restaurant "sons & Daughter ' representative informs that the news of his death shocked and stunned them.
"We are a small team, working as a cohesive family and we miss him very much," said the spokesman.
In this difficult time we're thinking with Frank's friends and family.
Luis Galicia at the beginning of the story that I have to spend numerous campsites, Frank, but lately life finally was improved.
"He moved into a new apartment and met a girl", Louis tells the radio station KGO.
Luis Galicia claims that don't know who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a good man with a big heart.
"He is always palutināj his family, made a tasty meal and preparing lunch," said Luis Galicia
He never wanted to get involved in disputes.
He was the brother who adapts to the rest.
"Considering all that went wrong in the world, he was like a raw diamond that glowed brightly every day," he says.
Anyone who has information about the incident is asked to call the SFPD information phone 415-575-4444.
The new doctor strike: calls for new protests
The new physician representatives request its trade unions to launch protests in the dispute about the new contract.
The British Medical Association (LMA), the new doctor (JACKET) is going to require the Council to support the wider protests in early September.
JAKE believes that Ministers failed to dispel doubts about the Treaty.
In July, young doctors and medical students rejected the proposed agreement LMA.
Against the Treaty voted 58% of all members who participated in the vote.
Thursday night the published message Twitter Board Member Ellen JACKET Makkort indicates that the Government continue to remain silent on the matter and therefore the contract offer is rejected.
She said: "in view of this, the results of the contract vote JACKET offer is completely rejected and the decision to require new formal negotiations to discuss the key issues."
In response to the Government's silence, the jacket today officially requested a meeting with the LMA Board to authorize a new Treaty that will take effect in September.
The dispute resulted in the young doctors participated in six strikes, including the first time NHS history stopped working.
After the vote, which rejected the proposed agreement LMA, which recommend the BMA resigned from the post of the LMA new physician Representative Dr. Johann Malawan.
Before meeting with 54 000 young doctors and medical students, he had said the BMA members, that offer is good and will be accepted.
After the vote, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt was informed that the contract will be concluded with England's medics.
Russia and Turkey: Excluded an Alliance?
The gesture, which ended the crisis.
The Russian and Turkish leaders met Tuesday to shake hands and tell about eight months of Word and economic sanctions in the end of the war.
Vladimir Putin in greeting him, however with the Turkish leader in the St. Petersburg Palace, got the impression that this partnership more needed for Ankara.
However, the two shook hands.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked stilted and caused the warm emotions, even considering his usual reticence.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, by contrast, is at least five times called Putin for his "dear friend", reads the appointment overview.
I failed number.
He also promised that relations with Russia not only will improve to the pre-crisis level, but will become even stronger.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdogan has behaved as though nothing had happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm causes conflicting feelings.
But the coolness of Putin's radiant suggests that the Russian leader had not forgotten.
One of the first things he mentioned in his speech, was a Russian aircraft notriekšan on the Syrian border.
Back then Moscow reacted harshly.
Putin accused the Ankara that it too the dagger back in Moscow.
Resentment was even more painful considering that it came from a friend's Party.
Restore true confidence will be very difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Since November the Russian public position is changed.
For several months the Government-controlled television released the aggressive insults against Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that all was to blame the Turks.
The most serious was the accusation that Erdogan's own family made profits from illegal oil trade with the Islamic State controlled Syria.
He, of course, denied.
But the St. Petersburg meeting key message that it's time to forget the past.
Ultimately this meeting happened only because Putin received a presidential apology of Erdogan.
Russia could be seen as a kind of victory.
Ankara the benefit of peace settlement is evident.
First, Erdogan has needed all possible friends after a failed coup last month, in which he tried to overthrow.
Also the countless terrorist attacks have shattered his position.
It is also economic motives.
The Russian sanctions have caused massive damage, particularly the Charter prohibition, usually each year provides several million Russian tourists influx of Turkish resorts.
The number of tourists dropped by almost 90%.
The Russian Web and čarterkompānij relief uzelpo when the regular flights will be restored.
They hope to leave the Mediterranean fever season ended.
This week national TV made for fruit and vegetable prices, as will revert to Turkey's fruit and vegetable imports.
As quoted by the local newspaper Vedemost: "tourists, their tomatoes for us."
But the visit also had other political motives from Moscow.
Ankara is angry about the West they think a weak reaction to the coup attempt.
You can also watch all the frustrations with the ieilgušaj negotiations on accession to the EU and Putin's intervention, who prefer to use a situation that Turkey atsvešinājus from the West.
The Russian leader undoubtedly got bonus points Ankara eyes, expressing its support for the Government elected after the coup attempt.
Note that Moscow understands it, since she has a deep-seated fear of regime change in the country.
The Summit, which took place in the plush seaside Palace, gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present, as one analyst called it "marginalised the Alliance", the two countries that feel excluded from the West, join forces.
But despite the public show of unity, the two countries still exist considerable differences of opinion.
The main disagreement concerns Syria which Russia presents itself as a peacemaker, but Russia and Turkey actually supports the opposite side.
After more than three hours past the original negotiations, not wanting to disclose information, the two Presidents announced at a press conference that they have not had this issue.
Turkish President purposefully avoided questions about dissent from both countries, while President Putin wanted to stress them.
There is no clear consensus about how the two countries could find common ground in the Syrian issue.
But after months of openly hostile relations and potential disaster when NATO member Turkey was hit by a Russian combat aircraft, the situation has improved because the two leaders at least commence negotiations.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
The brand will be supported in the future role of the SKB, announced the bank's Executive Director.
SKB outside Scotland will no longer be available.
Ross Makevan tells the BBC channel in Scotland that SKB brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has abandoned these ambitions because eight years ago the bank almost went bankrupt, and it was the need of financial help.
Meanwhile, the zīmolvedīb strategies experts have used the SKB brand to protect other consumer finance brand.
The Bank received a million pounds from the international sports sponsors, starting with the Six Nations Rugby and finally with the Wimbledon Tennis Champion Andy Murray a.
But now it has been decided to put at the forefront of other national brands.
The Scottish Royal Banak will be available to customers in Scotland, but it will not be initialized.
In England and Wales all SKB references outside the main office and the official list of the stock exchange, will be replaced on the name NatWest.
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland is already using the brand the Ulster Bank.
Now attention will also lower private financial brands such as Coutts, Adam and Co, Drummond & Holt's Military Bank.
Makevan was interviewed during a road trip with your customers and employees through Invernesšīr.
He told BBC Scotland: for the channel "will become our investor SKB brand and work our employees, because now we're becoming more of a brand bank."
By the time the bank itself became a global brand and SKB became a global brand.
Now I say that we no longer have global ambitions, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands represent something unique in its sector, and our staff will work with clients under these brands.
SKB has already announced that it does not continue the "Six Nations" sponsorship and involve different brands in sports sponsorship.
"It's the right time to become a brand bank, because we already have asked yourself the question, how to become the best bank for your clients?" says Executive Director.
Three years ago it would have been very cynical if we let that become a great bank for our clients and develop these brands.
But thanks to hard work and a focus on customer needs, not our own needs, we obviously have made big changes.
We can once again to revive the brand, so I think now is the right time.
Ronaldinho to win the 3000 Detor. victory, gaining first place with Ņūmārket horse Predilection
Detor to unstopper champagne, winning his victory twice finished the 3000. the first race Ņūmārket.
Jockey Ronaldinho Detor on Friday won their 3000. victory British history by winning the first place in Ņūmārket.
He reached it, winning second WINS in those races, which took place in his hometown, going with a Predilection that train John Gosden.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth Jockey who has achieved the results of the sprint races horses.
He has joined Sir Gordon Richards, to Doug Smith, Leicester to Pigot, peeta and Willie Ederij Pneumonia.
The triple champion Jockey Detor which before won with horse Ghayyar, said: "it is something special."
I am very touched, because my family is here.
I am very glad that it happened in the Ņūmārket because I have lived here for 30 years.
This is not much of a race, this is not a Royal Askot, but rather a normal Friday night, along with 20 000 people.
I feel relieved and very grateful.
After winning the Detor and Predilection is expected with applause and cheer.
Two Jockey have reached this record in the champions race with obstacles-Richard Johnson and over 20 career-current champion Sir Anthony Makkoj, who in his career have set several records, winning more than 4300 WINS.
Leicester, Derby deviņkārtēj of Pigot winner, career, won the victory of 4493.
Ronaldinho is one of today's best jockeys, and it is no surprise that he has succeeded, what few can achieve.
He is a stylish and powerful, but his sense of their tactics are different from other jockeys.
He is a fantastic racing, his enthusiasm and charisma for years attracts fans of this sport.
A few weeks ago Epsom race I told Frankie that he would have won if not for the victory if 6000 participate only weekend and the big race.
But speaking seriously, is the true joy that Ronaldinho for 30 years regularly wins the race of the United Kingdom.
He is cheerful, which is perfect for British races, and he is a brilliant Jockey.
Frank Detor noted the achievements under his own brand-flying nolēcien.
From the finišēšan wind speed up to the traveler to nolēcien, Ronaldinho Detor already twenty years is the face of British horse racing.
This has been an adventure full path.
He has won numerous major races, including the famous 1996 "magnificent seven" Askot, survived a plane crash and disqualified for use of the preparation.
Three years ago it was difficult for him to come back after a six-month disqualification, but he showed his strength of character, challenging those who doubted him, returning to her best form.
And he can participate in the race for some time-previously had spoken Detor that prefers to continue participation in the race at least until the age of 50.
Russian President Putin dismissed the head of the administration of Sergey Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed the head of the Administration, Sergey Ivanov.
Ivanov was for many years the closest people in Putin's circle.
Currently, the 63-year-old politician has been appointed as the special representative nature and transport issues.
The Kremlin statement said that Putin "has decided to release Ivanov from Russia's Presidential Administration Manager job duties", without giving any reason.
Ivanova site post appointed Anton blame, who had been his Deputy since 2012.
44 year-old blames the diplomat is thrilled.
Blame was born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of international relations (MVS), and later worked in the Tokyo Embassy.
As says the Kremlin's homepage (in Russian), he later headed the presidential Protocol and government workers are managed.
After the appointment, Putin said he: "thank you for your confidence."
In my opinion, the Administration's main job is to support your work in the Office of the President, the developing law and controlling your decision.
Putin on Friday told a Russian broadcaster that Ivanov himself wanted to leave the post and recommend the blame as his substitute.
Or convince a smile?
This step only in Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has a long and close to Vladimir Putin's ally and, like Putin, had once worked for the Soviet KGB security service.
In this capacity, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
National television broadcast the meeting, the two men announced that Ivanov resigns on his own initiative.
But despite the cameras focus smiles, rarely that this explanation make sure, especially before elections.
Or it is related to the outcome of the fight for power?
No one knows it.
But the official statement that the man, who was seen as a possible President, suddenly he wants to become the head of Russia's environmental policy, is perceived with great skepticism.
The Kremlin website posted notes Ivanov says Putin: "it is a fact that at the beginning of 2012, I beg of you I entrust this difficult position, one might even say, problematic posts, four years.
It turns out that I've worked in this position for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He was previously Prime Minister and Defense Minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and former KGB State security service employees, like Putin.
at the end of the 1990s, Putin headed the Federal Security Service, which is the KGB successor, Ivanov took the post of Deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov to five the number of people whom he trusts most.
Putin's second term the end Ivanov was considered a potential candidate for the post of President of Russia, as Putin's reelection to a third term would be unconstitutional.
But back then as President became another close ally Putin-Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister, and after three and a half years returned to the Presidential Office.
The appearance of a mysterious fish in the Garden City of Banf
A man from Banf requesting assistance in order to clarify the circumstances of any species of fish have appeared in his garden in Banf.
Kevin bane think 75 fish could be a sand eel, which travelled to the ūdensstab.
Bane, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, fish issued a video website, Periscop hoping that someone would know how these 5 inches big fish came into his garden.
Kvīnsferij: intersection of the bridge is now connected to Faif.
The pound is currently worth 1.35 billion project scheduled for completion in may 2017.
Engineers have been Kvīnsferij the savienojuš intersection in the northern part and the viaduct, which means that the bridge is now connected to Faif.
The first of the four connecting parts have been completed, which means that the construction of the bridge is coming to a close.
Faif bridge construction is 600 meters long and weighs 30 000 tonnes.
It consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel, 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
Currently 1.35 billion pounds ' worth of projects scheduled for completion in may 2017.
Economic Secretary Kate Brown today had come to the construction site and was one of the first who climbed up onto the bridge.
He said: "this is a symbolic and historic moment Kvīnsferij bridge construction."
In this project we see unparalleled engineering solution, which only this part of the building uses more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel.
Despite the bridge the huge weight and size, the bridge and the viaduct connecting is an extremely delicate process that requires immense precision.
Overall, more than 79% of the bridge deck already built and the last link that will connect the bridge with Rosita will be laid today, which means that all the parts of the bridge are ready for decking.
The fourth bridge connecting project director Michael Martin tells the story: "the first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
This fantastic project first connection exhibit a higher-end civil engineering.
After the last section of the road connecting with the Setup and the North Tower's support, we could connect the Northern leg of the land part or the viaduct.
This was done by moving the North driveway part of 700 millimetres in the viaduct to the South.
It was huge and at the same time very delicate operation.
Huge because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6000 tons and had to angle pulling around 3%.
Tricky, because tolerance in both directions, with what worked in the team, was only a few millimetres.
Luckily, it worked well.
Simon Bails gets gold in gymnastics for women.
Forget the stress.
Forget the fuss.
Simon Bails it all upset.
Dynamic jumps.
Effortless performance of exercising on the log.
None on the floor.
Absolutely flawless.
And finally, also the Olympic champion.
Thursday 19-year-old American gymnast won a gold medal, fully demonstrating the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the Olympic stage.
Her total score was 62.198 head superior to silver medal winner and her team of Allie's roommate and the result of Raisman bronze medal winner Russian athlete of Allie's results Mustafin.
On Thursday a U.S. Jock Simon Bails out the exercise on a log in the individual all-round competition sports gymnastics finals women 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bails became the fourth American in a row, which won the title of champion of the all-round competition and fifth best gymnast, gradually strengthening the reputation as the best gymnast of his generation and perhaps the best gymnast in history.
When the final results were announced, she burst into tears as the long path to that moment was over.
This accomplishment puts her next to unbeatable athletes such as Michael Felp, who picked up his sport to another level.
Bails for the last three years has covered in his sport by winning 15 medals in the World Championships, including 10 gold medals, running good, precise and ambitious exercise combinations, the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Reton has called him "the best gymnast, she had ever seen".
In Brazil he met the last ordeal, which she largely had to compete with hopes pinned on him, rather than with the other athletes.
She would be a disappointment if you return to your home in Texas in the Spring without gold medals.
U.S. athlete's Simon Bails (left) and Allie Raisman of hugging after the gold and silver medals in the sport of gymnastics in winning two WL titles in the individual all-round competition finals women 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place Thursday.
The first gold medal won the Bails on Tuesday, making the Special Coordinator of the March of the sample of farewell party Karolj.
Although Bails says that in his long road to the peaks of Fame was not expecting anything like that, however, it is not the truth.
Part of her performance in free movement, which contains her special acrobatic move smoothly, accompanying Latin music that perfectly fit on the street next to the Rio Olympic arena.
It is not a coincidence.
The girl, who was adopted, her grandparents when she was an infant and which opened the coach-Amy's mother Būrman trip to the gym, which was held in terniņ of Būrman, now has become a force with which to be reckoned.
She has not lost a competition since the all-round competition 2013 summer and winning streak may continue, as long as it Bails.
Although the two rotation Mustafin time slightly raised the lead, it was just an illusion.
Balance beam and free motion-the race for the part where the champions will defend their Bails of the title, is still to come.
She was raised in the lead with a score of 15.433 on a log and strengthened leadership with the result 15.933 free motions
Raisman gently hugged him while they waited for the results, which was only a formality and she burst into tears of joy when it was a dream that she ever had recorded in his notebook.
Raisman was as the result of a minor comeback for the four-year long events, when she shared the third place with Mustafin, however, lost the fight for the bronze medal.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, what Americans call "the grandmother", raised in convincing leadership.
After the performance of free motions that dispelled the doubt on her return, she had to kiss to the crowd.
Meanwhile, the 19-year-old fan of the Twitter Bails record r, which she published this week, now has a completely different meaning.
6 year-old Mahaj Brown "bullet sacaurumot" survive the firing in Philadelphia.
Police say that the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, indicating that this is the second sešgadniek who shot this week in Philadelphia.
The child's grandparents CBS Philadelphia news channel confirmed that it's a Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents say that Brown was shot several times, including the groin, leg, arm and stomach, but was still conscious when he was taken to the hospital.
His grandmother Delores Melendez of the story for television: "his little body was bullet sacaurumot".
I can't believe it.
Boy in critical condition is placed in the hospital and already has had several operations.
The family informed that he would recover.
He had to start going first class local elementary school.
Brown is one of the four people shot in part of the city of Džermantaun.
Was also shot three men: two 29-year-old men and one 32-year-old man.
Channel CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year-old man is in critical condition, while the other two victims ' condition is stable.
Channel States that the child was found in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old victim in critical condition.
The other two victims were in a car and police were investigating whether any of them was the attacker.
The coroner told the channel CBS Philadelphia that most likely been involved in multiple shooting gunmen.
The location of the weapons found in the Chamber of the čaulīt belonging to different weapons.
It looks like it has been in continuous shooting.
Both sides of the pedestrian sidewalk found čaulīt.
"So it looks like that here were several armed gunmen who actively took part in the firing," said Philadelphia police captain Anthony Ginald.
Damage to several homes and cars.
No one has yet been apprehended and it is reported that the police check the surveillance camera records.
Tuesday during the bombardment a stray bullet hit a 6-year-old girl, while she was playing in front of his house in the Vestouklein district.
She began to recover, but the police is still looking for the perpetrator.
Why we need Simon, Gabij and Laurij?
I called it for a year in the women's Olympic Athletics team for several reasons.
First, I've been to all summer Olympics since 1984, and the U.S. team has never been so good.
Secondly, this command has three athletes, Simon Bails, Gabij of the Douglas and Laurij Hernandez, which inspires many of the new girl's origin.
People can be proud that this team also is Allie Raisman, who is Jewish and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic.
Finally, this team truly representative of the United States.
It has also strengthened its black and Latin American athletes participating in this sport.
Over the past four years the best gymnast is African American.
Last year Simon and Gabij took 1st and 2nd place.
These are impressive results.
Previous Olympics Gabij Douglas surprisingly became the Olympic champion, and America was a real treat.
Now the world has seen unreliable exercise, which fulfilled the triple world champion Simon Bails, Douglas and Laurij Hernandez of the unprecedented but masterly in the exercise.
Simon on Thursday became the fourth American in a row, which has won the gold medal in the individual all-round competition for women.
Her team colleague Allie Raisman got the silver medal.
We've seen the best that this sport can give, but the rest of the country the situation is gym class, totally different.
Simon, Gabij and the Laurij made the Olympics team as Allie and Madison.
They are the "Olympic top five" because the next Olympic gymnastic team will have only four athletes, and this is a coach's March of the last year of the coach Karol.
Actually gymnastics is an expensive sport. Gymnasts train mainly in private clubs, athletics, and maintain them, parents who pay for the workouts, rooms, travel, uniforms, hotel (coaches, athletes and their families), and other expenses.
Most of these athletics club located in urban areas that can afford this sport.
These clubs athletes spend all his workouts, and it is an expensive and long contribution to athlete families.
Amy Būrman-Simon Bails of coaches and Maggie Hainij-Laurij of trenējuš of Hernandez's coach their athletes from the two girls began to deal with the athletics.
We must ensure that young girls that inspired Simon, Gabij, and Laurij, a cheaper gym workout facilities.
I founded my own Athletics organization 20 years ago.
My organizācijaatrod in Haarlem, and we offer more than 15 000 cities young people (mainly black and Spanish origin) gym workouts for free or for a low price. We have also trenējuš national and international champions.
In September we find the affiliate in Detroit (my hometown) to provide local young people the chance to get to know this great sport.
Athletics develops strength, coordination, and body lokanum, as well as learn the hard work, discipline and desire to target.
This combination ensures a long life with good health and success both in school and at work.
This command will inspire thousands of young girls practicing athletics, and it's fantastic.
To engage in this sport are very important, especially for young girls.
This is a very exciting time.
Thanks Simon, Allie, Gabij and Madison for the excellent "power girls" demo to get the Olympic gold medals and motivating countless new, girls of different origins to become a healthy, strong and successful young women.
By Jeremy Hunt, the new supply rejection, doctors plan to extract more strikes.
The Ministers hoped to end the dispute by way of changes to the contract with the British Medical Association representatives. But it was rejected by 58 percent from 37 000 new doctors who participated in the vote.
In July, Hunt announced plans to conclude the contract, stating that the NHS is in stable condition and further delays only hurt employees and patients.
The first new doctors already have signed a new contract that provides for changes in the conditions of work night shifts and weekends to improve working conditions of non-standard working hours.
Last night the new BMA doctors ' spokeswoman Dr. Ellen Makourt said that young doctors still has serious concerns about the proposed agreement, in particular that it will deepen the crisis in the labour force, and it does not provide equal conditions for all doctors.
Eight weeks remaining until the first new physician group will sign a new contract, so the progress, because time is running out.
BMA's efforts to solve the problem through negotiation is faced with the Government's reluctance to get involved and sometimes with complete silence.
This happened despite the fact that late last month, Jeremy Hunt said that his door is always open.
Jeremy Hunt has to act immediately, stop the inaction and cooperate with new doctors.
If he will not, then the new doctors are ready for new protests.
During the last strike in late April was postponed more than 13 000 and 100 000 visits, routine operations, while nurses and consultants were trying to replace doctors who had gone out pickets.
The Ministers hoped to end the dispute by way of changes to the contract with the British Medical Association representatives.
BMA wishes to raise the rate for weekend work 54 000 young doctors, which would apply to new contracts.
NHS employment Executive Director Daniel Mortimer urged doctors not to give the new strikes.
Mr. Mortimer explains that the strikes will not solve anything, but only increases the pressure on busy workers and worry, cause stress and obstacles patients, caregivers and their families.
In the last two months we have spoken with the new doctor, and together with the Health Ministry and other institutions have responded positively to their questions about choice and the rapporteur.
Employers hope that active cooperation on other important issues, such as the deployment of employees, flexible training, additional training for those who return after a career break, training costs, training programs for mutual recognition, leaving and gender pay inequality in medicine-show that employers, England, health education authority, and the Ministry of health seriously wants to realize the agreements concluded with the BME in November, February and may.
Medicine for 2 pounds a day can reduce the risk of heart attack.
Thousands of patients who have had a heart attack, could be treated with medicine for 2 pounds a day, because the official representatives to use them more recommended for people and for a longer period of time.
Pretrecēšan drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeat heart attacks for people with cardiovascular.
This medicine is prescribed for use in 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of repeated heart attacks.
The NHS represented nice recommends to use this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack, to further reduce the risk of heart attack for people with cardiovascular problems.
But at the moment the NHS held nice to use this preparation recommended for 4 years after a heart attack, to further reduce cardiovascular risk.
Each year, approximately 140 000 people in England are experiencing a heart attack, and a quarter of them experiencing recurrent heart attack or stroke.
Heart attack and stroke due to fat accumulation in the heart wall, creating a blockage.
If the obstruction to tear, it can cause clotting, blocking blood flow to the heart and cause a heart attack.
However, if the clot removed from the walls of the blood vessels, it can get into the bloodstream and block further blood access to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have had a heart attack, are at greater risk of heart attack for reuse.
Ticagrelor, manufactured by the British firm AstraZeneca and marketed under the name Briliqu, reduces the risk of thrombus formation.
The new nice guidelines, which was published today, recommends people use 90 mg Ticagrelor 12 months and another 3 years to 60 mg twice a day in combination with aspirin.
Nice health technology Director Professor Carole Longson explains: "despite the fact that drugs are available for the prevention of heart attack again, more than a quarter of people who have had a heart attack, experiencing another heart attack or stroke, which often have heavy consequences."
Fear of repeating a heart attack can leave a negative impact on people's quality of life.
The evidence shows that, in combination with aspirin Ticagrelor effectively reduce repeated heart attacks and stroke risk for people who have already experienced it once.
Provisionally suggesting treatment with Ticagrelor, are glad that we can expand the treatment options so that thousands of people are winners.
In view of the limited information about the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor, especially bleeding risk when using this medication for more than three years ago, the draft guidelines do not recommend their use for longer than this period.
Political correctness culture promotes fraud during elections in Muslim communities
Under the management of former Tauerhamlet the report Mayor Lutfur Rahman was fired in from Office in connection with corruption.
A Government report found that political correctness is conserving cultural eyes to large-scale cheating Muslim communities.
Former Government Minister Sir Eric Pikl criticizes police, election supervisors and the City Council that they ignore the signs of fraud in the electoral process because "they fear to offend ethnic and religious interests."
A former community Secretary, who has now become the head of the Organization against corruption, says that voter intimidation for religious reasons is so commonplace that police should be allowed to deploy guards at polling stations and intimidated voters to protect them.
He also recommends that voters would have to produce identity document when they vote to show their true identity.
Now voters must indicate the name and address only.
He even recommended to mark voters fingers provided with special ink to prevent double voting.
The rapporteur must also ensure greater protection, "says Sir David.
He believes that the press greater access to Council documents and decisions taken by the Committee and informal working groups.
He says: "the aim is not only to prevent fraud in the elections, but also to protect local communities from the broader culture of corruption and fraud that goes hand in hand with that."
The report was commissioned by Downing Street after a scandal related to the elections of the city of Tauerhamlet.
Last year the Special Electoral Court decided to cancel the Mayor Lutfur Rahman from the Mayor's Office the corrupt and illegal practices.
The Court found that Rahman "cynically distorted" his Muslim community religious views and silenced the critics, his accusing racism and islamofobij.
"Rahman led his election campaign with a stance that believers of the Muslim religious duty to vote for him."
About 300 votes were fake or dubious, because one person had voted more than once.
Like Sir Erik indicates that around the country there are signs of fraud.
He pointed out that the particularly disturbing is the fraud in the voting by mail, which the Muslim community senior members forced others to vote for the candidates you want.
Sir David suggested a number of measures to improve the electoral system, including the presentation of the identity document, to find out the identity of the person.
His message reads: "evidence suggests that a vulnerable ethnic minority community members, particularly women and young people, are forced to vote on community senior chosen candidates, particularly Bangladesh and Pakistan communities."
"There is concern that the district authorities not paying attention to these problems, because of political correctness might offend ethnic and sectarian interests."
Sir David outlined the 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system, which also includes a ban on political activists to work with votes cast by post, to prevent the "collection".
In the message, the Teresa may, also called to a more thorough examination of registration in order to prevent the use of the electoral roll for immigration and benefit fraud.
To consider before voting to require voters to show identification.
To mark the fingers of voters voted with special ink to prevent double voting.
Systematically examine the person of the nationals, to ensure that the person has the right to vote.
Three year limit on requests for automatic postal voting.
Prohibit political campaign members and activists working with votes cast by mail and election envelopes for voting by mail.
To ensure the police powers to designate the guard at polling stations.
To make changes to the law to facilitate prosecution of persons on intimidation, in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1983.
Prohibit photographing polling stations.
Determine the requirements for polling stations to use English only (except in Wales).
To intensify the training to the precinct workers ensure that voters go to the ballot box one by one.
Sir Eric sharply criticise the metropolitan police, expressing dismay that the Tauerhamlet case is set forth in the indictment.
He says: "only the Electoral Court of diskvalificēj Luftur Rahman and his Deputy for operations connected with corruption and cheating."
He surely was found guilty by the criminal law standard of proof based on conclusive evidence.
He also criticizes the City Council not voters ' ticks check "voter registration stations.
Sir Eric: "last year in the Court's decision is an alarm bell.
Our Earth is known as the birthplace of the Parliament, but the alarming and hidden election fraud and spoofing of the institutions that fraud occurs to this good reputation.
Dedicated to cyclists-Kate's counterpart and other Rio Olympic celebrity counterparts
2016 Rio Olympics fans cheering on the French cyclists of the Ferrand Prevot, Paulīn by fans recognized the extremely similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Bicyclist is not the only athlete who in the summer fighting for gold, which, as written by the media, proud of their celebrity counterparts.
Therefore, on the occasion of the Rio Olympic Games and all the faces suggests that currently appear on our screens, FEMAIL has created an Olympics that is quite similar to the Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: U.S. archers teammate Brady Ellison, left, since childhood is compared with Leonardo DiCaprio
Not including Kate's counterpart in the cycling route, many people on the internet indicates that this could be the lokšāvēj superstar Leonardo DiCaprio twin brother.
The U.S. men's archers team Brady Ellison caused a storm on Twitter, when photos were published, which he very closely resembles the Wall Street Wolves.
The athletes noticed the storm of social media and admitted that he compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood.
"I personally don't see much similarity, except for the beard," Brady story for the Huffington Post.
"He's a good-looking guy, so I'm taking it as a compliment."
This year an even greater popularity will undoubtedly one of the most popular at the 2012 London Olympic Games counterpart pairs: breathtaking similarity between British athlete of Greg Ruterford, and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris of.
The Russian athlete Allie Mustafin, thanks to its large, vibrant eyes, is compared with Cuban origin American singer Gloria Estefan.
As for swimming, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burg for several years is compared to "Create glee" Star Matthew Morrison.
Change: this user noticed that Nathan is the movie "Inception" actors ' sporty version '.
Like the ancient brethren is tennis star Rafael Nadāl and actor Josh Hartnet, which is similar to the eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medaļniec, swimmer and actress Efimov July Annalīn the Makkord can boast not only with Sun tanned skin and blonde hair. Meanwhile, fans believe that the U.S. athlete athletic Nathan Adrian Joseph Gordon Levitt for journalism resembled.
Strong women: soccer star (left) Hope solo and for the tv series "Dexter" actress Jennifer Carpenter to (right) is similar to the shape of her face and eyes.
No one: a Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to find out that the other sees the similarities
Theory: this user believes that there might be a reason why they look so similar
Recently, a Twitter user with true joy has stated that "the rest of the internet users have agreed that hope solo and Jennifer Carpenter is actually looks identical."
U.S. soccer star and tv series "Dexter" actress will really is very similar to the shape of her face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons apply to Carey Walsh M. Jennings trophy and her smile, which is almost identical to the actresses Laura Linnij smile. Also, gold medal winning athlete Gabij Douglas boasts beautiful, broadly similar to "Bring It On" stars Gabriel Unijon of smile.
CBC Olympics commentator apologise for his comments that the Chinese swimmers had ' died as a pig '.
Byron Macdonald's analysis of the 14-year-old Ai Yanh finish in fourth place in the 4x200 m free style relay women, provoked the wrath of the storm the CBC viewers.
The Canadian Channel CBC was forced to apologize because one of its commentators said comments that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer of the competition I had from the "race that one of the nosmirdēj" and "died like a pig".
Columnist Byron Macdonald thought his microphone was turned off when 4x200 m free style relay women finals finally outlined his personal views.
Macdonald, who was included in the CBC commentator team to give comments aliveness, said: "this little četrpadsmitgadniec from China could not keep up."
"Too ran, she flew out of the race, one of the nosmirdēj and died like a pig".
Thank you very much!
14-year-old Chinese swimmers Ai Yanhan second stage result was 1:57.79, 1.61 seconds slower than it is of Taylor's results Canadian Rucka, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers across Canada responded immediately, as the internet was shocked to hear this tone and expressions.
Emmett Makfarlain recorded on Twitter: "Or direct the CBC commentator just said that 14 year olds swimmers from China" died like a pig "????".
Idiots do not realized that she was still here.
AI Yanh from China's 4x200m free style finals women was dubbed "little četrpadsmitgadniec from China, which does not hold up."
Criticism against Byron Macdonald quickly intensified, as many have demanded explanations.
Twitter users could not believe to hear Byron Macdonald not iejūtīgo comments.
Twitter user Sarah Parad, wrote: "Oh, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent to the CBC and Canada and we are all izklausām to you as racists. #pretīgi.
Soon after, Scott Russell, who was led by CBC live broadcast, apologized for the MC Donald's comments, saying: "we are sorry that comment on the swimming results came just here."
It was an unfortunate word choice and we are very sorry that it happened.
The CBC said more than 90 people who had responded to this comment on Twitter.
MC Donald's colleague Scott Russell had to apologize to him.
Then copy the CBC apologies over 90 Twitter users who complained about the MC Donald's comment.
Also the channel quickly published an apology and statement.
We are very sorry that this comment was made and they came straight here.
Yesterday we responded immediately and atvainojām all live viewers and followers social media.
For the sake of clarity, it should be said that Byron's comments were made on the performance of swimmers, not addressed to her personally.
But, in any event, was not professional and will not successfully selected statements and – very sorry for what happened.
Thursday afternoon, Macdonald personally apologized to direct the air and tried to explain that he did not think that his comment will be perceived as a personal attack.
CBC Olimpisko playing live he said: "I'd like to take a moment and apologize for the comment, which yesterday said after the women's free style competitions."
I'm talking about the swimmers performance, not about him personally.
Needless to say, I didn't mean to show disrespect and I really am sorry that it happened.
Primark shopper shock by a woman who shamelessly try on underwear in the middle of the store.
Buyers felt uncomfortable when she started undressing to shop in the middle of pielaikot panties.
Even more compromising situation, she tried to make sure it looks good on her, and then took off when he put the panties back in the store shelf.
She continued to search for the clothing of the place Folkeston Bouver Trade Center store and tried on another four briefs.
The Primark store Bouver place shopping centre-the place where Folkeston this woman tried on underwear and then put it back on the shelf.
At the time the store was also the mother of two children Jenny Davidson, which says that an unfamiliar woman after fitting underwear put on their clothes and left the store without buying.
She noted that people could not believe their eyes.
Standing in the middle of the store, she took from the shelf, panties, pulled off his tights and pants and putting them right there.
She even tried to find a place, which be more discreet from_here_on out uzmērī, he just tried on the spot.
Everyone watched as she took off her panties and apparently they did not like her because she'd just put back on the shelf.
His putting another three briefs, so decided that she did not like one of them and left the store.
She seemed not to care that someone is watching, or think about the man who bought the clothes that she try it.
Miss Davidson (33 years) from Kent's story: "I despised the idea that someone will buy clothes that are tried on by another person and then not wash."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Miss Davidson adds: "I assume that a store employee after she left he pulled clothes from the shop referred the shelves-which is also acceptable."
I can't imagine that would buy new underwear and find out that another woman, they are pielaikojus and then they are washed.
Primark spokesman said that Primark has known about the incident, which took place on Tuesday, august 9.
The clothes in question have been removed from store shelves.
How to protect themselves from firearms, using Krav Maga
The world is a dangerous place, but this video of Dailymail.com can make it much safer.
To find out how to protect themselves in the near distance of the attackers with a firearm, we talked with Krav Maga from the New York Grandmaster Ron Mizrak.
Regardless of whether you are attacked from the front or the back, this video shows you how to protect themselves and to gain the upper hand over the attackers.
Mizrak indicate if an attacker attacking from behind, then you must first rotate to clearly see the attacker and avoid the shot trajectory.
Then the gun grip between your front arm and shoulder and beats your opponent's face with his free arm.
Then comes the blow with a knee to the groin and while the attacker fell pain, subtract his weapon to hit across the face with the gun handle and withdraw, continuing to turn the gun on him.
If the attacker approaching from the front, the situation is similar-you should avoid the shot trajectory weapon grip and bend it so that the man can not fire.
At the same time putting pressure on the gun and take a blow to an opponent on the chest and finally robbed him the weapon and continued to aim at to resign for him.
Sounds complicated?
Watch the video to see how directly do Mizrak.
But remember, if you're not a Krav Maga master, then it is safer to give away their money to robbers.
Vandāļ of the Saltaš of family break Cornwall social House and is posted on the streets.
Vandāļ family is evicted from the residence of terrorising neighbours, causing damage to the social House 50 000 pounds.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Sean Trebilkok of the tikaizlikt of Saltaš in the property in Cornwall because of them submitted a number of complaints.
When they were evicted forcibly from property, the shock housing representatives found that the property is fully returned.
The floor and walls had broken holes everywhere was laid waste and the walls were covered with graffiti.
The family are now posted from the property and most likely living in a private property.
Cornwall housing service operator's Donna Makevoj says that there is concern that housing will not be able to restore.
She said that people who live here, was extremely difficult and she believes that people can not live.
In this case, a number of factors to be assessed, because this property further Cornwall does not have a good reputation.
This family is famous and her name is well known.
The couple had three sons, who periodically stayed in the property and police say that their terror as the violence was on the streets with the ravings against baseball bats, intimidation of the local population, drug use, drug selling, and loud bļaustīšan and swearing.
47 year-old Skeldon, in whose name the property was in June sentenced to punishment for antisocial behavior.
A number of vandalized House rooms found strewn wastes.
The House, which previously marketed drugs, may also have pulled out several floor boards.
Neighbors say that they regularly kāvuš on the street and was called the police constantly.
Cornwall housing service put them forcibly from the property when they were given in the 11 weeks to izvākto of the House voluntarily.
Desperate, the neighbors were very happy for eviction because their lives had been absolute hell.
One said: "they will not take care of other citizens."
We lived beside them for 20 years, it's always been crazy.
Incredible how often we have seen police here.
This morning could not sleep.
We woke up because it was so quiet here – we are not accustomed to it!
Now that they are finally gone, here will be wonderful.
Adams, who is Cornwall Fitzpatrik housing neighbourhood Protection Service Manager said the family did not cooperate with local security authorities.
The family lived here 20 years and here regularly called the police.
A home overgrown garden variety was found in old and unusable items.
He also said: "it is very unfortunate that the tenants showed no responsibility for my behavior because the eviction from the House is always the last step that you consider Cornwall housing services."
This was a very difficult case, because their behavior was extreme and the neighbors were very hard watching their behavior.
I appreciate the work that this case invested my entire team, Devon and Cornwall police and members of a commune that was brave and cooperated with us, providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will facilitate the neighbor's life and to show that antisocial behavior is not acceptable.
Fitzpatrik said that all three sons here I lived in different time periods, but all are about 20 years old.
Dirty mattress that was left on the floor in one of the rooms after the eviction.
Service staff will now have to be satire, the waste heap left the House.
2014 police carried out a search of the House and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, scales, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon only found guilty of class B drugs with intent to distribute in store.
She insisted that the money was intended for a monument for her son, Lee Sheldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After the eviction became known, that the moment they rent a private property in Plymouth.
On many of the walls was recognize it in graffiti.
The police say that they will continue to post their tenants who violate the rental agreement.
Devon and Cornwall Police spokeswoman Angela Crowe notes that this post is a warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
Also, she said: "this is a warning to those who think that may be to behave as I want and it will have no effect."
Devon and Kronvol police is not acceptable criminal and anti-social behaviour, and the police will continue to work with our partners to protect local communities.
The willingness to spend can give impetus to the economy.
The company that manages the Akropolis, LT Akropolis and the entertainment centres in Vilnius, Klaipeda and Siauliai, will be combined with the Akropolis, the group, the Group inherited all the so far existing obligations towards the Akropolis LT partners and employees.
Akropolis, LT and Akropolis Group combination is intended to implement up to October 1 this year.
We are launching a new development phase, during which we fulfill large-scale projects, therefore, strive to simplify the company's structure-this will allow the Akropolis, LT and Akropolis Group within the cause more efficient professional team.
Currently we are implementing major Akropolis development projects within the Decade-multifunctional Trade Center Akropolis construction in Riga and multifunctional object development Vilnius, former plant site. 1956 national housing inventory
"The new company structure will allow more efficient use of the Akropolis LT team experience and competencies, developing projects successfully and rapidly adopting the necessary decisions," admits Sun Zabuļonīt (Zabulionytė Saulė), Akropolis, Group Board member.
"Akropolis Group" means a group of undertakings, which manages real estate development, Trade Center lease and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Concluded several furniture manufacturing company Ltd., the advertised procurement Control shows the communication procurement monitoring Bureau homepage.
The company of 89.5 thousand euros will buy plate sawing machine.
It will supply Ltd. lintera.
About 33 thousand euros to buy a company that supplied formātripzāģ UAB Inflek.
Also, the purchase of SIA Control routers with a sagāžam shaft.
It a thousand euro 15.6 deliver UAB Inflek.
Turn 32.6 thousand euros cost hydraulic hot press, delivered by SI lintera.
Shopping is implemented with the support of co-financing.
The control that was founded in 2007.
The company is realizing more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
Cannes Mayor banned the swimwear for beaches in Burkina Faso.
The southern region of France Cannes Mayor has banned the wearing of this city beaches in Burkina Faso swimsuit that almost completely obscured the woman's body and is very like a wet suit, local officials said Thursday.
Cannes Mayor David Linār has signed an order that "access to beaches and swimming is prohibited per, not peldtērp that respects the good customs and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"Beach robe that ostentatious displays of religion at a time when France and worship are terrorist attack target, you can create a public nuisance (scramble, collisions, etc.), you need to fix," said the order.
"We are talking not about the wearing of religious symbols ban Beach, but of ostentatious clothing, confidence associated with terrorist movements, which are at war with us", said the municipal utility manager Thierry Migul.
He added that Burkina Faso in swimwear Cannes beaches not seen since July 28, when the right wing of the centrist party "the Republicans" Member Linār signed this order and it came into force.
This week, a water park in the city of Marseille was cancelled planned a private event that Muslim women should be dressed in peldkostīmo, Burkina Faso as outraged by such a measure was both right and left political circles.
In France, it is forbidden to wear the face of Muslim female masking headgear, but not prohibited religious symbols or clothing.
14. in July near Cannes in Nice held in bombings, Spa, which assumed responsibility for the grouping "Islamic State", were killed 85 people.
26. in July, the two attackers, who had sworn allegiance to the "Islamic nation", brutally murdered a priest in a church in Northwest France.
"Jysk" last year grew about 5% of turnover
Household goods retailer Jysk Linnen ' n "furniture" (Jysk) last year grew about 5% of turnover, reaching 23.66 million, shows "Firmas.lv".
The company's turnover 2014 was 22.57 million.
Not much profit also increased-from 781 235 euro 2014 until 785 896 euros last year.
Management report says that last year the company re in Riga, Slokas Iela, existing stores and closed the shop in Riga, Kurzeme in the prospectus.
Also this year, as in other years, the main task of the company is to continue to increase in both turnover and profit.
Meanwhile, last year the profit retained of the proposed leave.
"Jysk" is an international network of stores that offer home improvement goods.
JSC "Jysk Linnen's furniture n" founded in 2001.
The company's share capital is € 3 500 264.
The company is owned by a registered company in Iceland, "the PLC Josk Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av".
Pike meatballs by simple-ground with white bread.
Eat immediately after baking, they'll be the tastiest.
Fish fillets and white bread together ground meat grinder.
Mass add milk, salt, pepper and grind or mix thoroughly again.
Then the mass of kotleš add the butter that kept at room temperature, mash thoroughly and form a medium size meatballs.
Meatballs then rolls crumbs.
Preheat the oil in the frying pan.
Meatballs in a pan and FRY excess 10-15 minutes before eating, so its on both sides are golden brown.
Serve while still warm, covered it with melted butter or a sauce.
Lucavsala Island started in the Festival "Kubān".
Thursday, august 11, the evening was given a start on Lucavsala island is one of the last of this summer's festivals-there until Sunday night was held "Kubān".
On the first night of the Assembly pampered groups such as "Enter Shikar" from Britain, which was expected last year, but to me not disappeared, American punks "NOFX", DJ Maxim from the group "the Prodigy" and others.
Also the next day in the Festival is noteworthy words-"Guano Apes" and "garbage", punk rock legends "the Ramones ' drummer Marky Markij Ramon to" Ramon's Blitzkrieg "," Gross "with the Lyap & Belarusian punk rock leader Sergey Mihalok-bow, a popular Georgian actor and singer in Kikabidz, Vahtang Ukrainians" Vopli Vidoplyasov "and a number of other, but a full event program can be viewed here.
This is the second year of the Festival "Kuban" takes place in Latvia.
Last year it suffered a financial setback and huge losses, but that did not keep handlers from the retry-they added to the name garumzīm, also included in the program a group of Latvian (Friday night to the scene 19:15 come "All Day Long") and announced that the Festival had become "closer now and won local flavour to the symbols of Riga as its skyline and the cats".
Or these efforts endeavour, still too early to tell because the Festival only ran, but, as seen in the first evening "Delphi entertainment" at least for the time being, huge crowds of people and failed to attract the number of visitors was similar to last year.
The British track cycling team Olympic record twice right and wins the race.
The British track team Thursday twice the Olympic record and edit won the sprint race at the men.
The first Olympic record British qualifications, but repairing a race in the first round it was fixing the New Zealanders.
Sprint finals in the British team to New Zealand, and the British said the New Zealanders in the Olympic record holder of the title, leaving them with silver medals.
The finals of the British team won with a score of New Zealanders overcame 42.440 seconds on the 0.102 seconds.
The battle for bronze, the French team beat Australia.
It should be noted that the record was corrected also driving trip in the qualifications-British team repairing the world record, which is now 4:13.260.
The President, who stayed in the shadows: Gustav Zemgals-to 145.
Friday, august 12, turns 145 years since born second Latvian President gustavs zemgals.
In 1918 he proclaimed the Republic of Latvia, but undeservedly have remained broadly described the first Latvian President John Shrike and the pre-war period last President Charles k.ulmaņa shade.
No one else from our statesmen are not so much defending democracy and the rule of law as Latvia, ten years ago, the Iron dedicated to Gustav paper written by Arnold Auziņš.
In conversation with Portal "Delfi" Auziņš stresses that in Latvia is one of the few high positions in existing politicians that had a sense of humor.
The rest of the stiff, always very correct.
He could not be, nowadays it might be similar to what is Raimond vējonis.
"He was the one, who is close to the people," telling Auziņš.
Modern politicians bad know the history, they referred to Karl Lee as the right leaders, but very few of us know how furious he had.
The only person in the meetings of the Government, to which he did not cried out, been a general pigeon.
Even if the pictures he is kind and smiling, by nature he was hysterical.
"The Iron with his sense of humor and strengthens the democratic nature of the leave exactly the opposite impression," says Auziņš.
University of Latvia, Faculty of history and philosophy professor Aivars stranga's conversation with "New Delhi" agrees with the assessment of Auziņ Iron as a peaceful and steady statesman.
He also noted that Latvia had to respect for minorities, regularly called upon the Jewish representatives to the Presidential Palace.
"At that time it was not customary, after the Presidency of Latvia Albert kviesis took over this tradition" tells a historian.
He was such a quiet and calm man who long had persuaded to become President.
He himself after it was sought, not just wanted fame.
He's also quite critical of themselves, because the judge did not know French, but considered that it should be the President.
"During the French Presidency of the basics and learn", explains Hoffman.
Iron will not allow to be persuaded to stand, it really high posts never enjoyed.
In every way he history of Latvia is very respectable personality, already before entering the Presidential Palace was a serious post-he was much in demand for notary.
Also, zemgals was led by the famous Iron out in the street Suvorov (3), where the krājamatniek and the krājaizdevēj society, the practical negotiations became the Government of Latvia.
He always had a progressive minded.
Wasn't a big fan, but public k.ulmaņa him also objected.
"Private conversations and is sometimes made that really k.ulmaņa action not simpatiz", specifies the Strange.
Lived a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of irregularities or corruption.
As 1918 he remembered today?
Sorry, but for a large part of he were associated with a single Street in Riga.
He was an absolute Democrat, was considered a centrist.
"She was not a big shock, I mean, he could associate with a really stable presidency", sums up the strange.
Gustav Zemgals's Presidency, from 1927 to 1930, was also a Latvian State visit to Sweden, which Latvia has not just meant full recognition of the neighbouring country and into democratic nations of Northern Europe family.
28 May 1929 in 1918 he arrived on a State visit in Stockholm.
The Swedish King Gustav V's visit to Latvia in response took place June 29, 1929.
The second President of Latvia born in 1871, but in eternity went in January 1939.
Simple ways to help her cope with a tantrum.
I am often faced with the fact that the child's anger, rage at the parents considered something wrong and insane.
When a child openly showing their anger-we do not know how to react, "Econe" indicates the CASS Yekaterina counselor.
Expert urges to small talk about these so natural and human feelings-anger and rage, which periodically experiencing each.
Aggression-it is already a natural action that addressed against other people, and it usually appears when you feel angry.
When we, the adults, are angry, upset-usually know what is going on with us and how to deal with it.
We're your anger and rage to yourself we can express, repress,: hidden, keep yourself, tell about it to your friends or other loved ones, we can rage kicking the couch, smoke a cigarette (it's not the best way to anger kliedēšan!), shower, hit by kulak on the table and do other things that normally do not do.
We do not draw his aggression against others, because know various other ways to deal with those emotions.
Children when they are matched in anger, do not understand what is happening to them, as they call it and how to live with them.
They may say: "go away!", you're a fool "," bad mom "," hate you "," I'm draudzēšo "-and not very rare, when able to say:" I'm mad at you. "
The kids are literally, they fully located right here, at this point, they are spontaneous and true to their feelings, and often also display different emotions.
It is very important that parents not prohibited child expressions of feelings, including anger, shaming or not rāto, but on the contrary-help the child.
Or relationships need pauzīt?
A long work day, in which everything was not exactly the way you like, or just a bad mood-there are so many reasons why would like for a moment, a day or even longer "disabled" from all over the world.
Or perhaps for a moment also for iepauzē and a little further tightening?
Or however it shows that each of the partners your way to go?
Their views share the Lord in different ages.
John (23) is a short and concise: "in my view, if necessary, the pauzīt not with real people."
Meanwhile, Edward (30) has discovered the scheme, which perhaps someone can help.
If you feel that your partner starts to fall on you nerves for every smallest detail, then down-this is the moment when you should explore other hunting fields to see if you miss him, especially about her or think, or even not at all want to see him anymore.
So the answer is-Yes, pauzīt's withholding can help save time and understand how important to you is the second pendant.
Kevin (29) revealed his theory.
In my opinion, the relationship of the pauzīt should be withheld from each other everyday, because if you spend time with people 24 hours a day, seven days a week, the controversy is inevitable.
It is caused by the fact that you see every detail of what the other is doing, and it begins to fall.
People are starting to get tired of each other, especially when you don't even talk about anything anymore, one about what you are doing during the day.
My personal experience is seem to think so, so I passed the relationship more than a few months.
If you got a moment to think about that or other are better elsewhere-so why this woman, together with what I deserved such that you can think of it, there are enough good and behind the hills is a paradise field?
Thinking one is already a little betrayal.
If not, then not.
"I have, therefore, not many of them, with no condemnation". said Edmunds (46).
Karl (33) is almost completely opposite opinion.
I think everybody needs respite time.
You can not every moment, all the time, from morning to night to watch each other's eyes and cheerful about enduring love.
Get real!
There are so many things-friends, work, party.
Everything has its time.
Of course, also the girlfriend or the wife, however, if they can keep it līdzsvariņ between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the edge of the grave.
And it was just.
Martin (27) said: "it's hard to say-need or don't need, may, or may not, take this pause, but one thing is certain-they proposed something for the end is not, something missing."
If the question is, then, that soon there will be some change-to-right, or worse, depending on themselves.
I think, while still young and crazy, while pauzīt need-something all the time, but, if everything remains serious and the relationship is entering a new phase, the rest can not be out of the question.
You decide to spend the rest of his life!
"If you can't stand it now each other's company and time to time need respite, then that will be when you are a pensioner who comment on how individual cats ņaud or disputes as to which day better to weed the garden", explains Philippe (19).
All names have been changed in the Lord.
With its sajūsmīg and sajūsminoš personality Rosenthal first sparked an interest in the popular art of masquerading.
"In this sense he was a Slavic nation's first love, who will remain as such forever unforgettable", its about the old masters of painting in Latvian Jani wrote Romans Rosenthal had heat rises.
Also, in the year 2016, discovering old broad retrospective exhibition in renovated the Latvian National Art Museum's main building, is clear-Brown is the first Latvian art.
The exhibition was opened on august 12, but already from 13 august it is open to visitors and will be considered until 30 October.
The Latvian National Museum of art with a broad retrospective of newly opened the great exhibition hall to honor painter Jan Rosenthal (1866-1916), in which the one hundred and fiftieth birthday at international level is included in the UNESCO calendar, a day of celebration.
Retrospective exhibition, displaying more than 150 works, is one of Janis rozentals anniversary year in Central events.
The artwork team mostly made up of the Latvian National Museum of art, which surely represents the classics of creativity the main stages and genres, stylistic variation and diversity.
In addition to exhibits of Axel used a Gallen-Kallel, literature Museum and music Museum, the Baltimore Museum, the California Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The turn of the century ambience animates the presence of photos, the exhibition reveals the individual mobile applications work of art shall convene with the photographs taken by the painter creativity needs taken with his own camera.
While the Finnish-Latvian friendship society "Rosenthal-seur," which named Latvian classics, the Latvian National Art Museum at the same time offers a small informative travelling exhibition "eyes of Finland, with the heart", the first stop in Latvia.
Similar to the exposure with the description of the content in English, Finnish and Swedish languages in the autumn will be open to the "Public" Gallery in Helsinki.
Matt LeBlanc looks forward to the return of the show "TopGear".
"TopGear tv" ("gas floor!") Manager Matt LeBlanc said that looking forward to the return of the car in the second season of the show, but said that does not know what to expect in the future.
Nothing official yet.
"If you will, and then notifies you of the BBC", in conversation with television critics revealed LeBlanc.
Doubts about "gas floor!" the future came in July, when Leblanc was his partner Chris Evans announced that go from the broadcast.
After leaving Evans admitted that LeBlanc and "gas floor!" is "for each other".
Evans the former series "friends" ("friends") star as a "real good man", and thus dispelling rumors that the two friendship during filming pajukus.
When Leblankm asked what he most likes to show, he said that travel to other countries, such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
BBC News tv channel that shows the new 24 season not yet planning to replace Evans.
Kalviņš: already this year could Meldonium be removed from the list of prohibited substances for athletes.
It is expected that the medication produced in Latvia mildronate meldonium in already this year could be excluded from the list of substances banned for athletes, Friday morning broadcast of 900 seconds LNT said Latvian organic synthesis, Director of the Institute academician Ivars kalvins.
He told me that in September will go to Canada to discuss meldonium question with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scholar expressed his hope that Mildronate from the "black list" than already this year.
Sigulda after clashes two cyclists delivered to the hospital.
Sigulda, Swiss Street, buddled to two cyclists, with various injuries, State police say.
The accident involved the 1987 and 1990 born male, both of which are delivered to the medical establishment.
Koknese also fall victim of a cyclist.
born in 1989, he fell in the street in 1905, and taken under medical care.
While in Dobele district, the parish of naudīte, born in 1989, the motorcyclist tried to avoid the dog that ran out on the road and overturned.
Also he hospital.
Last day in Latvia registered 71 road accidents, which injured 16 people.
Some rain and become colder.
Also Friday in Latvia some temporary rain and is expected to become even more of a degree colder, the Agency LETA learned the Latvian environment, geology and Meteorology Centre.
Location of Thunder may Mutter.
According to forecasts of rain mostly in Kurzeme and Vidzeme is expected in the North.
The maximum temperature will be + 16 + 19 degrees.
In Riga the day without precipitation and the Sun will shine.
However, the air will not be warmer than + 18 degrees.
U.S. business models backstage in his interpretation acquired a sick joke of a sophisticated photo glance and a horror movie not ciešamīb.
In essence-very provocative, to the sophistication and vulgarity of the banal balansējoš work that hard to distinguish the borders between European art house films and Hollywood brought to the territory of the product.
The film with the Vigo Mortensen in the main role is accentuated by the question of whether the older models are conceptually selected life (ecology, vegetarianism, alternatīvism and patēriņsabiedrīb of glupum distanced itself from and to values) brings the blessing or destruktīvism of their children.
The father of six children after his wife's death, Idealist is confronted with questions about the correctness of the choices and the right values.
Pathetic, dzīvesgudr film, which author Matt Ross this year won the Cannes Festival's Prize for directing.
Of course, the sharks do it as attacking the beautiful girls-JAWS it was, in this case bathers-brave surfers, which renders a Blake lively.
The job demanded of her sturdy heroism.
The survival of the solonumur can compare with James Franco dramatics demonstration movie 127 hours and Ryan Reynolds game movie buried alive.
Probably to blame is also the main roles of Mila Kunis fine, whose transformation from paraugmāmiņ for the creative uzdzīvotāj and almost piesmējēj of family values seem only pretty desperate Hollywood scriptwriter the fanciful.
The Islamic State in Syria was the 2000 civilian population.
A terrorist grouping, the Islamic national militants, fleeing from Menbiž, Syrian Aleppo province, captured by about 2000 civilian population, which is used as a living shield, on Friday notified the U.S. supported the Kurdish and Arab Alliance and observers.
"We did not fire on them as they fled to Džerābulus, that took away civilians," said the Kurdish Menbiž military Council spokesman.
After two months of battles ilgušaj Kurdish-led the Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), which is the US supported the Kurdish-Arab Alliance in northern Syria, on Friday announced that Menbiž is released from the jihadists.
Islamic State Menbiž ranked 2014.
QSD if last week drove most of the "Islamic State" militant from Menbiž, but he showed the part and fierce resistance.
But on Friday they left town, take yourself to the prisoners.
Islamists go on Džerābulus, located near the Turkish border.
Also, the London-based activist organization in the Syriac First Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) reported that the "Islamic State" hijacked approximately 2000 people.
SOHR reported that Islamists robbed the population of the city cars, forced the people to go into them, and then took them to the Džerābulus.
Islamic militants before the State carried out a mass kidnapping.
In January, conquering territory Islamists Deir ez Zora province East of Syria, stole more than 400 civilian population, including women and children.
Later Islamists around 270 of the prisoners freed.
How many Islamic fighters fled from the State Menbiž, is not known.
The Kurdish Menbiž military Council spokesman reported that the QSD managed to save 2500 people by Islamists in Menbiž held captive.
SOHR collected information indicates that the battle for Menbiž life lost at least 437 civilian residents, including 105 children.
Killed 299 militants and jihadists 1019 QSD.
Koļegov refuses from his Manager on the environment.
National environmental Service Manager Inga Koļegov decided to withdraw his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (SRS) for the post of Director-General, the Agency informed the Ministry of Finance of the COUNTER.
Koļegov indicates that her nomination discussion has increased conflict between the ruling coalition parties.
Seems debating the true cause is associated with politicians, but most often not visible on visible interests and they have nothing to do with my professional capacity evaluation.
"It is not acceptable to me," stresses now had a MIDDLE Manager's candidate.
If her nomination is approved, the Government was clear that it would not be a conclusive vote and it does not allow to work and make the necessary changes, the ENVIRONMENT feels all the Government support.
Without this valuable work would not be possible, concludes Koļegov.
"I have repeatedly stressed that the public does not want to be politically independent, but at the moment all my candidature process is overly politicized," explains officer.
"Thank you for the trust and support to me, it is an experience that you appreciate how benefit", the application of article Reizniec-Oak Koļegov.
Unity on Wednesday expressed that during the meeting with Koļegov revealed "significant inconsistencies" between the candidate's explanations and the information available in public registers on the dividend payout Pallog Ltd., the publicly available Pallog members meeting decisions made for profit split.
At present, the ENVIRONMENT Manager duties Deputy Director Carol grey.
Livani police involved two small unattended children rescue, inform the national police administration of the Latgale region.
News about the trolley unattended with infants received Friday around 7 o'clock.
They were in the store at the former livani.
The two little girls immediately passed to the hands of the medical assistance.
There was also a wheelchair left carrying case with documents and mobile phones.
Less than thirty minutes officers cleared the parents of possible location and went there.
Upon arriving home, the female civilvīr the police found that the woman is lying, because there is a strong influence of alcohol.
After the initial information the previous evening in 1992, was born in the woman to her friend who visited used alcohol.
If walking home after a joint sitting, the woman did not clear circumstances, decided to leave the children at the store.
On the police immediately informed the family courts, which will decide on the further destiny of the child.
Free port of Riga has introduced all the VK recommendations on Russian Islands project.
Freeport of Riga Authority has introduced all of a total of five national control (CTR) recommendations regarding infrastructure development project in the Russian port of the activity the transfer from the city centre, the implementation of the portal Diena.lv informed the company.
Project approval planned near the Riga Freeport Board meeting.
Recommendations to be implemented according to the CTR insight when preparing recommendations for the implementation of the necessary documentation, the Freeport of Riga Authority led by international Auditors also of Deloitte in the management of the Freeport of Riga made legal and operational audit findings and provide recommendations for improving the project management in the following stage of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations is sent to EQS.
Despite the fact that the Freeport of Riga authority disagrees with the opinion ready for Russian EQS Islands project, we're very responsible to treat the implementation and financing of the project provider-the European Commission (EC).
I want to stress that all the works planned under the project is fully completed and planned deadlines.
"To show all the partners involved in the implementation of the project, including the EC, VK and also a free port stevedoring, the main objective is to implement the project successfully, we have fully implemented all of the recommendations relating to the NCA project management and supervisory issues", noted Russian Islands project manager Lisa Cairo.
The objective of the project for the control and monitoring of the long-term action plan was supplemented by the parties involved in the most important planned activities and the necessary decision deadlines, meetings, and regular reporting and deadlines, definition of planned construction process monitoring tools, as well as the definition of the main toll plaza.
The approved action plan project objective to 2018 December 31, according to the recommendations, complemented by EQS performance monitoring activities, thus enhancing project implementation activities of other parties involved in the control of the period of the Riga free port.
Project development and management to mitigate potential risks from new is developed in the project management plan, defining the project management of the documents produced by that provides control and monitoring mechanisms for each of them.
The project has developed a capacity-building project management organisation chart, which reflects the planned project management team structure, the qualifications and functions.
To improve the management of the Riga free port communication with the parties involved in the project, has developed a project stakeholder communication plan, in addition to those set out in the action plan of the project parties define the successful completion of the project stakeholders, information exchange, and recurrence.
However, to improve the use of financial resources, will be more in the future should be based on the conclusion of the contract of service or purchase a start-up need, and the rule of law.
The project is built of Russian world-standard port infrastructure-four new deep-water berths, railway line, as well as the engineering communications.
Cohesion Fund co-financed the construction is completed and put into operation in the last year end, achieving the savings financing 10.6 million €.
Threat in Slovakia due to increased security at airports.
After the receipt of specific threats to Slovakia on Friday stepped up security measures over airports, notified the Ministry of internal affairs.
"Given the threat, we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Poprad and Kosice", the news agency AFP on Friday said the Slovak Ministry of Interior spokesman.
"National security and analysis centre is currently analysing the information that we have received," he added.
Slovakia's capital city will take place on 16 September informal European Union (EU) Summit, which will be attended by all States of the block, except Britain.
The meeting will be discussed by the British Brexi the consequences of the referendum on the future of the EU and discuss without the British.
Slovakia to January's Presidency of the EU.
German researchers discuss the "victims of the Berlin wall".
According to a new study of the number of fatalities at the Communist yoke in the former East Germany's former boundaries could be much greater than previously thought, but doubts about the true number of victims is still not clarified.
According to data provided by Wednesday's disclosure of the Berlin wall Museum at Checkpoint Charlie, the period from 1945 to 1989 at the border with the Western Allied zones of West Germany and later the Communist authorities killed in 1841 the people who tried to get out of their control.
Museum with border related deaths studied for years and occasionally adjusts the number of victims.
This year's list added 11 more deaths, including among the victims including a six year-old boy, who drowned, family, trying to get through the then West Germany in Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among the new victims of the Berlin wall is also the dezertier of the Soviet army.
"The final amount of damage inflicted by the Communist and Socialist double evil, is not yet fully documented", admits the Museum Director Alexander Hildebrant.
"Our task is to ensure that the graves of people who died trying to escape from Communist-controlled country, are maintained and not perish", stressed the common communication Hildebrant.
But other researchers new numbers already debated.
"The figure is not persuasive in 1841", in an interview with the newspaper Süddeutsch Zeitung claims the free University of Berlin the East German history expert of Štāt Johen.
He, along with other Berlin free University researchers now report possible suspicious deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to approve only 260 cases.
Previously, the researchers estimated that only at the fall of the Berlin wall the Communists killed 138 people.
In view of those people who died trying to escape across the Baltic Sea or to get to the West through neighbouring territory, after Štāt, the number of victims could reach around a thousand.
But it's still significantly smaller than 1841.
One of the differences in the number of victims could be the reason for the differing methodologies.
Checkpoint Charlie museum lists all East German border guards suicide cases, whether or not they were directly related to their service.
The Museum also lists the deaths that are not related to direct violence.
"If seniors aged 70 to 80 years after the contractions with the border died of a heart attack", it must be in the "murderous" consequences, considers Hildebrant.
But Štāt is sure that the distinction should be made between the old folks who probably died of their experience in handling and those whose death caused by prolonged hot weather waiting in the bus at the border.
Regardless of the victims ' records is tricky because the Communist East German authorities did not accumulate the following statistical data, and researchers in the various documents must be izvēt scatter archives, indicate Štāt.
However, the Štāt team recently found new documents, and so soon it might come up with a new estimate of the number of victims.
LPF President Pon to Rio has gone to the trainer accreditation; It is a surprise.
The last days of the sad fame of winning Latvia's Swimming Federation (LPF) President Kevin Pon of the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games arrived with trainer accreditation, however, even feel surprised about it.
Wednesday wide buzz caused by Olympic swimmers of the trainer of Alyona Ribakov is the Jakubovsk pronouncements, a German who discovered that at the last moment to Rio de Janeiro decided to go Pon while coach should stay home.
Originally, the riders on the list was approved for swimmers and Alona Ribakov UVIS Buchanan, Jakubovsk, and coach Dave Collins, as well as the Federation's President, Pon.
The swimming Federation of Latvia in the Olympics made the five participants, and another in Vrubļevsk Aldona before departure claimed that the German will have and he searches for tickets.
"However, the apparently objective reasons he will not be" welcomed the expressed views of Pon, that it did not affect the outcome of Ribakov
At the request of the Federation Uvj coach took to help her.
PON, who is a member of the Executive Committee of the ARC, criticized the action of the fault LOOP short stories on Olympic sports organisations the monitoring trustee.
In my view, is unethical in the Executive Committee approve a CIRCLE of five persons, and one of them not to take.
"Don't know why Swimming Federation for lack of available", deplored that the company Pon is not assessed and the President of the Federation's work, recalling that the President of the Federation do not receive salaries.
Also, the same Jakubovsk criticised the Pon, expressing that before the London Olympics, when no approved Ribakov between parties, he addressed a complaint to the International Water Sports Federation (FINA) and urged Latvia not to send any athletes.
PON and could not tell you why he is the Olympic Games with the trainer accreditation, which most likely was to be entitled Jakubovsk.
"I was logged in as the President of the Federation (" team leader "), but for reasons unknown, received the coach accreditation and is not now."
The situation changed daily, change the number of accreditation available.
Until the last moment think that German will be because other information I had.
After the Agency's information COUNTER, a couple of days before the start of Ribakov she had a conversation face-to-face with Pon and its swimmers had been with tears in her eyes, however the same LPF President expressed that it was a casual conversation with a desire to put the athletes before the start.
PON is reminded that the LPF oversees five sports, which is in four Olympics, and of those going on training children in Latvia.
The Federation's President said Latvia is very important and also about drowning the programs he talked, in Rio de Janeiro while in nearly two weeks.
He praised the work of the Federation and said that Latvia in 2018 could unfold in the World Cup.
Location of Rio de Janeiro is not my vacation, here, wasting my time and try to realize the program of četrgad.
In Daugava admit smolt 600 000.
AS latvenergo fish recovery programs during this week at the Mangaļsal of the salmon in the river Daugava and sea trout smolt release, and this year plans to let in more than 600 000 annual Salmon and sea trout smolt produced scientific Institute and Tom Dole Bior farms.
Latvenergo agency LETA was informed that admission will continue also in future months-each year the river Daugava basin bodies generally admitted 6 300 000 different species of fish larvae and juveniles.
2016 in the spring and early summer will be skipped and lamprey larvae of Pike, whitefish, June-July-vienvasar salmon, in august and September-the pike perch and vimb.
Latvenergo Kuņick production Director Maris said that caring for the environment is one of latvenergo Group's cornerstones of sustainable development.
"Fish resources protection and propagation activities of any operation is focused on eco-friendly actions in close cooperation with the Institute, making both Bior juvenile fish rearing and release of the Daugava basin, and exercising other activities", said Kuņick.
This year the Daugava River was neglected for more than 600 000 annual Salmon and sea trout FRY.
For the second year fish fry before being are highlighted, by removing the taukspur.
Today the cargo transported contains 25 000 smolt with average weight of 31.3 grams.
Each year, the scientific basis of the species composition and quantity in the Daugava and its basin bodies happens fish fry and Larval release.
Reproduction of fish stocks in the river Daugava and its basin bodies according to the laws and regulations take Bior, based on economic activities latvenergo fish resources result in damage expertise and providing testimony as to what measures are taken to ensure the diversity of resources.
While the public service environment, on the basis of the inspection, shall take a decision on the amount and type of compensation.
Latvenergo annual compensation amount of fish recovery program is a 1 035 000 euros.
in the spring of 2016. in cooperation with the Association of latvenergo "We fish" fifth year deployed 400 artificial fish spawning in the river Daugava at the Kaibal socket and ikšķile.
Cooperation with society, promoting the natural fish spawning, are in addition to the latvenergo supported initiative for fish recovery program.
Artificial spawning nest placement reservoir is an important step towards promoting the protection of fish resources and the reproduction of the river Daugava.
Festival "at the concert hall Sansus" is yard field, forest, felling.
Sleep in the tent, ate in a restaurant, walk in sneakers and listen to investigate Chamber music, savoring the quiet nature of the peace, a combination of the following alternative offers Chamber Music Festival, which is already the third Sansus summer invites to aknīste municipality.
The Festival will take place Susēj-no longer existent village-former pagastmāj yard, next to the mežiņo and felling.
Three days – from 12 to 14 august-five stage can combine the carefree nature and academic music, exquisite pleasures.
Here with music encounter the contemporary theatre and circus, performance art and installation.
Opera and academic music, especially the later manifestations, find new listeners in a free and open environment without koncertzāļ stiffness.
The distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but to smile face and ease to his feet only a few minutes.
"Please do not look for the program because the conscious we have chosen not to publish it before, so people don't go to one specific event or artists, because the real taste can catch at Sansus only, spending the three days", calls the Festival initiator and landlord, Armands Siliņš operbariton.
The Festival Gates opening the Friday noon. 17:00, and the first concert is at 19.00.
Of course, some programs will be on site with all the information.
Those who choose one day recommend Saturday because it is the more vivid – from noon. 9 am until the next dawn.
"The artists names are available in the homepage of the URwww.sansusi.lv",st āst Armand Siliņš.
Ornate artists of bouquet is like a folder, a Binder of Eva čellist Kristin of operzvaigzn, Inga Blauman, incumbent Guntis Kuzm, Jānis porietis trumpeter, pianist Jeanne Twig, Quadra and RIX Quartet and even the Estonian air acrobats of gross, Greta which, together with Latvian musicians Eric Kiršfeld, Zilbert and Martin actress ANCI Starling created a contemporary circus show on the artist Confin internal struggle.
Specially for the Festival were also jaundarb.
Show the children the "insect" by f. Kafka story of transformation in Oļesj of komponējuš themes Kozlovsk and Jeremy Nīman, along with Armando Escrow, musicians and actors will attend the cherubic entomologist (insect researcher) uģis Piterān.
Oscar Herliņš wrote his first String Quartet, while Anna Strawberry-tree in the Opera, the performance of which the main characters Joe Kalnozol directorial with Catherine videoprojekcij of iburg and Not Joe's set design will be the Christmas tree trees in clumps of three small three hectare wide clear cut.
Lyme Lediņ, singing of Rudān and Zigmār Dinars bean voices, they end up in a romantic relationship, just as the age of enlightenment in the Swedish natural scientist Carl Linnaeus in the study of tree wedding (1729).
Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games today launched one of the biggest Latvian delegation hopes septiņcīņ athlete Laura ikauniece-Admidiņ.
Ikauniece-Admidiņ at 15.35 after Latvian time will start the race in the 100 metres hurdles, but at 16.50 expected race in the high jump.
However, if the night on Saturday at 2.35 will begin pushing the ball while at 4.05-metre sprint 200.
Septiņcīņ race concluded on Saturday, when will take place in the long jump and 800 meters, šķēpmešan race.
Before the Olympic Games-Admidiņ, ikauniece which last year won a bronze in the World Championships, was referred to as the Olympics medal candidate.
Yet in may set a new latvian national record (6622 points) and won the second place in the prestigious septiņcīņ competition in the Austrian town of Gecis.
-Admidiņ of ikauniece also participated in the 2012 London Olympics, when with the Latvian record she won a ninth place.
The last one and a half year athlete country record modified four times.
Today at 16 starts for Latvian Judo wrestler's Arthur Ņikiforenk, which starts the weight category over 100 kilograms, is holding the first round of the fight with the Azerbaijani sportsmen in Kukaur Ušang.
Džudist this will be the first Olympics career.
The Agency LETA already reported Thursday that weight category up to 100 kilograms if the loss in his first fight in the experienced Latvian Judo wrestler Eugene Borodavk.
He gave in Japan of the Hag Rjunosk, who later won the bronze.
Vsevolod of Zeļonij in 2000 brought Latvia Olympic bronze awards, but the next four Olympic Games in džudist of Latvia in seven fights together gained just one victory, which in London did the right Borodavk.
At 16.30 after Latvian time qualification race will start shooting bench Dainis Upelniek, but the selection will end on Saturday.
The Olympic journey form Upelniek got one day, was officially announced the composition of the delegation of Latvia, but later he LETS the Agency discovered that a pretty safe on the ride had already since April.
Athlete Olympiad venue came as one of the first Latvian athletes, trying to use the maximum workout facilities in the Gallery of the race.
At 19.05 after Latvian time closing three journeys will take the Olympic debutante 17-year-old Latvian sailor Birzul, Kathy of competing sailing surfboards in the RS: X class.
After three days or nine trips between athletes of the Birzul standings for 25 of the 26 currently in place.
Turn on Saturday held the decisive finālbraucien on medals.
Today finally expected to also help show the race academic rowing, which should participate in Ireland for the representative for Latvian Lisa Pušpur.
On Wednesday, the race was cancelled in adverse weather conditions.
Pušpur is at 19.10 will compete in the semi-final of the C/D vieninieko ladies, championing 13. place Olympics.
Tuesday quarterfinals trip she won fourth place, from the third position, which would continue to fight for a medal, short for 0.65 mere seconds.
13. place Pušpur won four years ago in London, when also represented Ireland.
Today, the Olympic Games will be divided into 24 medal sets-archery, athletics, track cycling, equestrian, fencing, judo, tramplīnlēkšan, academic, shooting, rowing, swimming, tennis and weightlifting.
Reid argues, if Clinton is elected President, he will appoint a Garland for Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democrat Leader Harry Reid is convinced that if she becomes President, she then nominate a Garland of Merike Supreme Court Chief Justice.
The Senate, the Republican party has blocked the approval of Garland since March, when he was named President Obama.
Senate majority leader Mitch Makonnel said that the next President will choose who will replace the current Supreme Court Justice Antonin of Skali.
Its Conference Thursday, Reid stated that it is convinced that Clinton will choose Garland.
Reid spokeswoman later said that he personally had not spoken about the subject with Clinton, and they are just speculation.
He praised the Garland and said that Clinton's team would not "undermine the boat" with a different choice.
Garland is the US District of Columbia Court of appeals, the Chief Judge.
Reid said that Republicans were blocking the nomination is Garland "ielikteņ" and follow the Republican party presidential candidate Donald Trump's interest.
He also said that Trump is not for the President's job.
Treats Announces nude calendar for men and women.
The journal treats will collaborate with the photographer David Belmēr, to create a calendar for the year 2017. Pirrel in the last century 70. years in style.
In his year 2017. Muse calendar NOW planned to play the new supermodel, not naked celebrities.
Early this year the journal treats President Steve Shaw announced that his erotic art magazine different from old-fashioned Playboy as "Playboy is a men's magazine".
This magazine is for women.
It looks like he's talking about on the calendar.
Press release about the making of the calendar shows the message: "we must return to the enduring and classic nudity display pictures, where a woman's body is not confused, but inspired by both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a great work of art.
Model of your photo may be submitted electronically or personally casting sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
Rembat the buyer by using a motorcycle, go.
august 10 at 10 from a house in the parish of Rembat in the front yard stolen motorcycle "Yamaha YZ250" who had not been registered, inform the State police.
The owner of a motorcycle with the help of the advertisement had wanted to sell the truck.
Present at the time arrived, the prospective buyer emerged on a motorcycle as they watch and left.
The national police administration of the Riga region OGRE police station employees asked to refer anyone who, in connection with a criminal offence has occurred, you can give any useful information to the investigation.
Please call: 65002403 (during business hours) or 65002400 (24 hours).
Information providers anonymity guaranteed.
The Greenland Shark is the longest living vertebrate-video review
Scientists say that the Greenland Shark has the longest life of any vertebrate on the planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nielsen says that longevity record belongs to a female, which could be up to 512 272 years old and five meters long.
French Court rejects claim to demolish shops "jungle" refugee camp.
A French Court rejected Calais authorities to tear down dozens of shops and restaurants, a "jungle" camp, where several thousand refugees.
This week the hearing held Calais authorities stated that the country should be demolished because of the businesses, which 72 camps in different areas people traded goods such as cigarettes and energy drinks, offer a haircut, tea for 50 cents (40p) and simple meals on some euro pašizveidoto restaurants.
Calais, the Office of the prefect pointed out that these companies have to be pulled down because because they form the shadow economy and pay no taxes, as well as causing a fire and sanitary risks.
Representatives of humanitarian groups Court explained that these small businesses is crucial because the Government and a support group supplied does not provide food to camps where in which the numbers continue to grow.
They also pointed out that the design boutiques and restaurants often offer free shelter and food for those who need it most.
Lille Court ruled that there are legal grounds to expel people who have created a pašizveidoto of 72 businesses, but it understands the concern of the prefect Calais.
Judge Jean-Francois Moll said that food, coffee and a small play a larger role than just providing food for people living in "enormous cilo circumstances".
He pointed out that these places are still meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that are subject to the risk of demolition is camp Cafe "the Jungle Book Kids" which provides more than 200 free meals a day, the English and French language lessons and provide advice in matters of asylum for hundreds of vulnerable minors without adult accompaniment.
More than 170 000 people have signed a petition on the protection of children in the cafeteria.
In a letter addressed to the edition of the Guardian noted that the cafe's liquidation "would be a disaster for these kids, some of which is only 8 years old."
On Friday two of the charities ' refugee aid "and" L ' Auberge des migrants, "said the" jungle "camp has grown up to 9000 people, which is the highest since the rapid influx of migrants in the summer.
United Kingdom obtained silver Rugby-7 series in the fight when the national team of Fiji's masterly wins the gold.
British random spectacular performance in Rugby-7 series phase ended Thursday when the exciting finālcīņ "Deodoro" Stadium in Rio Fiji national team convincingly shattered them with a score of 43:7.
Fiji demonstrated master ball managing the ball in the hand, with legs, support play and brutal power game, winning gold-the first Olympic medal in its history.
The defeat brought respectable comfort award – silver medal, which that day was Britain's third medal. The British team can be proud of their success in the first Olympic Rugby-7 tournament, in which they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Heavy fighting in the semifinals, where the team suffered defeat Boar with the result 7:5 days in the first half, perhaps in Britain rocketing House finals.
But in any case, the Fiji team now is in his best form to win the 15 man teams.
Although it is unlikely, however, some consolation for Great Britain could be the fact that at least one Briton won the gold medal. It is the favorite Fiji head coach Ben Ryan-former England coach from Wimbledon.
For Britain it was an exciting adventure.
Eight years ago, Ryan's control, they lost all the games in the Rugby-7 series stage in Adelaide.
This time they lost only one game.
Defeat is painful, but the growth is amazing.
Fiji launched an impressive match, repelling the British force techniques for the fun of it.
Captain Tom Mitchell and members it was like encounter with several buses and moving toward the World Series Champions secured control with 5:0, the Kolinisa Goes to the Oscars when the first shy.
The last four minutes more to Jerry Tuw also increased the lead, realizing the shy right wing.
The result of the 12:0 and the British team had not even touched the ball, really.
Mitchell's excellent technique of force prevented the big Leos Nakarav to get the three points, but it is only slightly affected Fiji result.
The game's seventh minute Jasa Veremalu scored in the right corner, shy strengthening lead over Britain until 17:0.
After pārspēl Nakarav of further increased the lead and by the end was more than a minute ... the end of the first half.
Vatem of the Ravouvo avoided some awkward British force techniques and crossed the line, gaining points.
The result ensured 29:0 shy.
Fiji seemed born to play Rugby-7 bouts, while the British are just learning.
In fact, it is also true.
The British team did a thorough change in the half, cutting Fiji player line ... a full four minutes after first half standards were good until the moment when the Emperor Tuisov, after a fantastic team plays, scored a few more points to the Fiji team.
Dan Norton managed to gain points, the British team making a shy of the left corner and 36:7 of results achieved, but the game was already lost, meanwhile, South Seas Islanders of fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
Can not admire the Fiji jovial attitude.
Mata Viliam made Fiji a sweeter victory with even one game shy of the final.
You hear the whistle of the game, Fiji could begin to celebrate, but after the British defeat could sit on grass.
The day's first half semifinals Fiji defeated Japan with a score of 20:5, while the British were superior to South Africa, where a very fierce fight, both teams got to the shy and dienvidfrikāņ lost by only a few points.
The first half naked Brown put the boar in the management of the team, but in the second half with Dan Norton shining mastery of line and safely crossed the ball between the posts, providing the British victory.
Marcus Watson, who is in the England Rugby team's 15-Anthony's brother, the great force of the technique at the end of the game gave the team wins and another silver medal.
Trainer battle with cancer inspired by Helen Glover and Heather Staning for rowing competitions for the victory.
It will be an emotional gold medal in those races and it is much.
From the first to the last sweep, Helen Glover and Heather Staning Golden moment had special meaning Estaci da Lagoa route.
Although the boat is only two athletes, they spent a Robin Williams echo that he inspired to the second Olympic gold medal for pairs of rowing for women, becoming the first women in the history of British sport that have such success.
They undoubtedly dominated because 39. time they gained an unparalleled, unprecedented victory.
Both great athletes with swans gliding over the elegance of the surface of the water, do not fully reflect this triumph.
After each earned gold medals at the floor the whole team who work hard to keep athletes improve their performance and greater investment success gave her coach, who was 30 months ago did not know, or will this day because his cancer was found.
According to him, it was gone, as quickly as it appeared.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of those that can operate and what happened.
If it did, it spread all over the body.
And the situation could become uncontrollable.
It's a little change in your vision.
Williams cancer discovered in December 2013.
This trio was lucky that William could begin the recovery procedure 2014 at the beginning of the shoulder season and reduce the duration of interruptions to a minimum, if it can be said.
I needed income, therefore I had to recover quickly.
It stimulated to recover.
I was in hospital and I went for 6, 10 and 15 metres long distance, although the doctor said that would be enough with a few steps.
It all started.
Rowing is a challenge in itself, but this time it was even higher.
After the victory, the first thought immediately was on Williams, who all morning was very worried and nervous impression talking more than usual.
Its a Staning in the Royal artillery unit in Afghanistan, said: "this was an emotionally heavy week, but it means a lot to me."
It just confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have been working.
With Helena and Robin clinics 3 years have been great.
Without Robin's we would not have achieved anything, so huge thanks to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I can't imagine a better workout companion or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Staning in five years is not lost in any race.
The couple reach the enormous speed with which competitors may not compete.
Even in the last 500 metres, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began moving closer, and Glover's dominance of Staning was too high.
We felt every moment.
Helen was screaming: "keep the rhythm, keep rhythm."
Do not lose the focus is really important.
We made a good start, but at the same time, we had high expectations.
That day we had no intention to overthrow the records, but just the right paddle and win the race and we did it.
Rest easy in a couple of years to decide what to do next.
Next month will be Glover and television adventurer Steve Bašal wedding.
For now, she simply wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
It would have been too much pressure.
In London it took me around six months to realize that I'm the Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very excited.
This time, it took about four minutes.
She said: "the feeling is fantastic."
A unique opportunity to look at the Los Angeles Central Library of fantastic architecture.
Learn more about the city's Central Library, in the architectural historian of Southern California Association will hold a meeting with the book "Los Angeles Central Library: Its art and architectural history," authors Steven Arnold Švarcman and Gee.
Gee and Švarcman plans to discuss and display images that display in 1926 by Bertram Gudhu design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Stephanie Holcman of Pfeiffer team additions.
The meeting will be held on august 21 from 14:00 up to 16:00. Salle Moderne, art deco Dievidrietum in law school (formerly Bullock of Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Boulevard.
Visitors will be able to see central hall, exhibit rooms, Cactus and a tea room.
Tickets must be bought in advance; SAH/SCC members $15; the rest of the $25.
Nice and cozy loft by DTL experiencing change, cosy
Noting the Los Angeles Central Library, 90 year anniversary-what else? -as a new book!
Among the leaders of the Koļegov post "will drive to the last".
According to him, the Prime Minister now Max Kučinsk (Greens and farmers Union) and Minister of finance Dan Reizniec-for Oak (Greens and farmers Union) is already a "fundamentally important" to head the ENVIRONMENT approved the Minister of finance directed the candidates Koļegov.
Rajevskis estimated that both the Kučinsk and the Reizniec-Oak in the Government ENVIRONMENT Manager approval is "the first big decision" that could affect their future as politicians.
If you now start to change the position of the Manager of the ENVIRONMENT the choice of candidates, then it will have a negative impact on their image of public administration.
The Cabinet meeting next week, the agenda includes the question of the transfer of the VVD leader Koļegov Director-General of the environment post, shows the Government's agenda.
Koļegov environment of the post of the head toward the financial Minister Reizniec-oak after management backed away from the Inara Peterson and the contest the post of Director General of the environment ended without result.
The Head Office of the ENVIRONMENT artist Carol Gray Thursday, 11 august, interview on Latvian radio made-if she offered to stand for the post of the head, then she would agree.
Minister of finance and later admitted that it did not consider other candidates for the Office of ENVIRONMENTAL leaders.
Also, the National Association of parliamentary faction leader, Raivis Dzintars acknowledged that growing support among Koļegov the NA leadership.
In Spain the deficit reduction possibilities was not able to create a threat to the Government.
A month ago, on July 12, the European Commission (EC) came up with the opinion that Spain and Portugal are not large enough to consider measures to reduce the budget deficit to the level required by the eurozone's 3% of gross domestic product (GDP).
Calculations show that despite the austerity measures implemented by the Portuguese budget deficit at the end of last year was 4.4% of GDP, while Spain-5.1%.
However, the European Commission decided not to apply the two countries economic sanctions while setting fiscal targets both the nearest time.
One of the reasons why the EC does not, however, imposed sanctions against the two countries, is growing euro scepticism did in many countries of the European Union.
Additional sanctions such negative sentiment only bolstered.
Critics and noted that EC is not consistent in its decisions, first by agreeing to uniform rules and then not being able to apply them in life.
So, for example, Germany's Bundesbank President, Jens Veidmann pointed out that Europe is losing confidence in themselves as such, creating a public perception that the rules of the European Union is permissive, not binding.
The EC now proposed and accepted by all Member States to extend the budget deficit to settle this year for Portugal and up to 2018 to Spain.
The European Commission promises in the next few months to examine the progress of the two countries, while noting that both Spain and Portugal must be ready to implement additional conservation measures, if required by circumstances.
Initial projections show that Portugal goal could fail to achieve the prescribed time, and if the budget deficit this year would be reduced to 2.5% of the gross domestic product.
This means that the stability programme, the Government this year is to implement austerity measures to 0.25% of GDP.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, additional attention to purchases of goods and services to control costs.
In the case of Spain the situation is much more complex.
This year, the budget deficit must be reduced to 4.6%, 3.1% and next year – until 2018-up to 2.2% of GDP.
In addition, following two years of consolidation measures every year should be 0.5% of GDP.
Especially difficult to achieve these objectives, making the fact that for eight months in Spain's political parties failed to agree on the establishment of the Government, and increasingly becomes a chance that Spain may have to for the third time in a year to hold early parliamentary elections.
But opinion polls show that a third election political scene of the country did not substantially change.
The most popular party is still the current Prime Minister Mariano Rahoj-led people's Party, which again get a full 33% of the vote.
Its popularity is only slightly related, while the Socialists against the austerity measures the mood of the party "Podemo" or "together we can" and "Ciudadano" or "citizens ' popularity has somewhat lessened.
The people's Party wants to achieve a Socialist and "Ciudadano" involvement in the Government late this month, otherwise will not succeed until mid-October to accept and submit to the European Commission for approval of the draft budget by 2017.
As announced by the people's party parliamentary group spokesman Rafael Hernand, if governments create will fail and elections will be held, however, also for the third time, Spain will become a fool all over Europe.
The cleanliness of the beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
Fifth year surveying beaches, activists found that unfortunately grows each year the number of found garbage, and here the most perfect bathing visitors.
The most polluted bathing areas are directly in Riga.
Capital City Council explains that bathing every day being cleaned up, but fight the slovenly visitors is quite difficult.
In addition, shore leave waste in rainfall can be ieskalot in the water, thus far the pabojāj quality.
Except for Baltimore, the beach and the place of the individual in Kurzeme, the cleanliness of the beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
The following statement this week spread into the campaign "my sea" volunteers.
Fifth year come a long way on foot Gulf of Riga, activists found that residents leave the number of waste every hundred meters has been increased.
Unfortunately, this year it's criticality ratings have fallen.
"We see that this will be the year when the number of garbage on a beach 100 meters, might even exceed 200 units," says expedition "my sea" Representative John Ulm.
The Latvian radio, he was called Tūj Beach, where volunteers walk along the Gulf of Riga.
This year, between the different municipal waste and a picnic of the activists came to collect even fluorescent lights that are left lying in the sand of the sea.
A member of the expedition and the organizer of the pollution blamed in Ulm said, directly to the population.
"The main source is the same beach visitors, more than half of the total number of waste is plastic, various waste, starting with the bags, the plastic pieces that are already in the stage of degradation, they no longer can be identified, and butts, bottles, corks," a story of Ulm.
Among the cleanest beaches bathing is also in Riga.
For example, in every hundred Brody meters on average collected nearly 800 items of waste, which is critical to many.
Campaign organizers also explains that nearly every step bouncing butts and not everywhere well placed warning or signs.
"The average figures for all three bathing together in Riga-Brody, Vakarbuļļ and Vecāķ-unfortunately, meet big and far exceed the desired or target, that as Latvia moves until 2020 to reduce the number of units of waste up to 135 units", concludes environmental Defender.
Bathing cleaning in Riga to be every day, even in the hottest days of the summer twice, Council representative uģis MOCS.
However, the battle with slovenly visitors is quite difficult.
We return to this question of human culture.
"For those who dare, drink alcohol, smoke and do all those things that may not even special characters not exposed", specifies the MOCS.
Therefore, the MOCS invites visitors to report on bathing polluters also police.
You can call the police, safe to point out these abuses and that way all the fight.
Maybe you can put any new warnings, but, as I said, it's hardly as radically changed the situation.
"Whereas all together just to go and be impatient against such violators," he stressed.
Meanwhile, water quality measurements for the fourth time this summer conducted a health inspection, which can impose a prohibition on the official bathing areas.
This year though, like other years, water quality everywhere are good and satisfactory.
Now the situation is such that all 56 of the bathing water quality has been good and there is no swimming.
"The last time we'll have analysis at the end of august", expresses the inspection senior technician environmental health normunds CADE.
Strong rainfall on land left in the waste water can be ieskalot.
This in turn can affect the quality, indicate environmental specialist.
The rotation continues in the Russian elite-Putin administration manager.
Even left the posts?
Vladimir Putin told Russian media that Sergei Ivanov to leave this post and wanted to continue to be the Special Representative of the President of nature protection, ecological and transport issues.
Announcing the changes, Putin in front of television cameras gave Ivanov welcome words: "Dear Sergey Borisovič, we are with you for many years working together and doing it successfully."
I am pleased with how you perform your assigned duties.
I well remember our agreement not to use you in this Presidential Administration Manager for more than four years.
Therefore, I am sympathetic to your desire to change the scope.
And I hope that the new post you will make full use of their knowledge and experience.
However, it emphasizes that the presidential administration management is a very important position, and it made the Ivanov as one of the most influential people in the country.
Considering that Russia expected next month's state elections, aired rumors that this step related to the struggle for power in the political elite of Russia.
Ivanov was also known as a possible replacement for Putin's presidential post, so the claim that he himself wanted to occupy the post of the representative of the President of nature protection and transport, caused the doubt.
As the Lsm.lv archive, Ivanov is the KGB and federal security service ģenerālpulkved.
Ivanov has been long and close to Russian President Vladimir Putin's ally.
He specdienesto my life began in 1975, where she met Putin.
Later, Putin to becoming the head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his Deputy.
In turn, the first Russian President Boris Yeltsin at the end of his reign, was appointed as Secretary of the Russian Security Council.
in the year 2000 after Putin's rise to power was confirmed Ivanova developed "information security doctrine", including in Russia envisioned State censorship mechanism in revitalisation.
in 2001 Sergei Ivanov became Russia's Defence Minister, but already in 2005, Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov--on a Deputy and was in charge of the Russian defence industry and arms exports.
Now, after the presidential administration head post, Ivanov also keep leaving the place of Russia's National Security Council, which now also work on the new President's administration blames the driver.
Blame comes from a family of Soviet party elite.
The head of the administration of the President of the Office had recommended the blame even Ivanov.
We have long Eduardovič of Anton familiar.
Another of those times when your leadership in Government work.
And the last almost five years we communicate virtually every day.
"Therefore, I am sure that after all the professional and personal character references he is ready for this job," said Ivanov.
Blame comes from a family that belonged to the Soviet party elite.
His grandfather Karl takes high posts in the Communist Party of Estonia, including the ten years up to 1988 was its first Secretary.
The Internet Edition of the "Meduz" with a reference to the book "the self-determination and independence of Estonia" writes that at the end of the year 80. Karl had asked Moscow blames for the authorization to use force against participants in demonstrations.
However, he received a rejection and soon lost his job.
In short then, blame has moved to live to Moscow.
Anton has graduated from the Moscow blames the international relations Institute and managed by the Japanese.
However, he has left the diplomatic service to work in the presidential administration of the Protocol.
Vilks that gives Russia the last of the shattered not more high ranking officials of the dismissal and even arrests, including several area replaced the Governor and federal agents.
As the political scientist, President Vladimir Putin rearranged the ruling elite before 2018 in the upcoming elections.
One of the main features-more and more at the leading posts of the structure is valid.
Also a judo wrestler Ņikiforenk losing the first fight of the Olympics.
This was the first round of the fight, and the Latvian Judo wrestler his participation in the Olympics, finished a has closed 17. place.
Coach Oleg Baskin Latvian television found that the Ņikiforenk had very little hope, and it was already clear before the race.
He also found that Judo wrestler fight suffered a shoulder injury.
It is significant that to get to the Olympic road signs, the Ņikiforenk had to start in another weight class, than get used-i.e., the weight category up to 100 kilograms.
Azerbaijani wrestler were 25 kilograms heavier.
Vilks that Yevgeny Borodavk the fight weight category up to 100 kilograms of Rjunosuk held against two and a half minutes to an opponent managed a clean victory worth the shot.
Consequently, Latvia Judo competitions in Rio has concluded.
Dreams disappear Rio sand.
Thursday entered a džudist Eugene Borodavk.
Yes, he was titulētāk against the opponent, but ambitious men sometimes can bring surprises.
He gave her.
Arthur Ņikiforenk the task was even more difficult, because the experience less and the opponent also respectable.
The outcome is similar, although he held out the tatami was nearly one-and-a-half minute longer than Borodavk.
Unfortunately, the last time the Latvian džudist's lack of ambition.
Since from the Federation's leadership aside, it took Gigi and his financial Ķirson stut is Vladimir Šestakov, from Latvia left Alexander Jackevič, no longer happens "Golden score"-Judo development through declining curve of Rio.
Jackevič, which advises Kazakhstan here džudist, and the Zeļonij to the heirs Vsevold sees.
But if not, bring up also.
And it is the prerogative of the Federation.
Therefore, as from another Galaxy "morning skyline" was the Latvian Judo Federation's presidential promise Rio winning medals.
Flight is far from reality.
Evening with impatience and concern waited for beach volleyball match samoilovs/Šmēdiņš-Evandr/Pedro Solberg.
Intrigue as if "death" group-losers game over.
Latvian duo both were minor derogation – could also lose, but not more than four points in two games.
Tension or just extend the more protracted the previous game.
Nobody wanted to die – this feeling over the windy Court were all match long.
Gusty wind created a players additional complications.
At first it seemed that it could be ours-what is comprehensive-ally.
But he did not.
Against the Latvian duo to play here was simple.
Serve on the Samoilov and wait until he bursts.
Against Canada, the torn against the cube breaks at the end of the first game and early in the third, because the load was not a joke.
Šmēdiņš at that time was on a fishing trip because the job was small, but when was it done well.
Brazilian-samoilovs with Šmēdiņ was able to win two games, took the lead in the first with 16:15, however, remained at 16, also lost the point of depleting limit.
But it could also lose the second set 0:2, because the deficit was-4, however, also thanks to the wind, managed to get the victory.
The third Evandr passed the servj already mark.
When the chain-unconvincing admitted serve, the second pass often flies too close to the network and stayed for a total of least Samoilov option for successful attack.
If the Cubans had to square some alien Samoilov, then he worked better this time, and only to the loss of Sasha novel would be unprofessional.
Also, left-handed, and both failed in the symbolic, the last ball he slammed directly into the block.
Lose the team.
This time definitely was also third in success-Seth one two Evandr attacks almost flew out of court, but the ball hit the line, however.
Two eis were next to the line.
Also the controversial episode video ruled in favor of the opponents.
If the first two games had to serve Evandr, against ours they were very productive.
The total loss of all on board.
Now he must analyse the failure causes.
Maybe should have as many live next to the stadium, not with the delegation in the Olympic village.
On the road it took two-and-a-half hours.
Maybe a little confidence gave seven semi-final series.
Maybe not – ought to play, but come here faster and better been acclimated.
Maybe it was a failure, with sporty shapes vertices.
Yet more questions than answers.
Our bīčist games over.
The dream of medals.
What's next?
Even some of the remaining World Cup tournaments and also a seaside "masters".
Šmēdiņš with Samoilov life have never been friends, and, as such is too different personalities.
But it is also not necessary.
Once you have defeated the dream of Olympic medals, may also think about divorce because the fault will be searched for not only yourself, but also the partner.
To decide is not difficult, but much more difficult in Latvia will find a worthy partner.
The two brothers play bīč, but John Tom is already tried and also parting, while Mikhail Samoilov is still too green to start the conquer the world summits.
You can try Regž, Alexander of Harald Solovej, Edgar Toč, return to Martin meadow, but it would be better for this variant, which is not itself once one confirmed the World Cup stages.
Kopakaban sand them not smiling this time.
And everything.
Of course, account must be taken of the fact that beach volleyball is becoming popular, new couples arrive in the circulation, and only rare stature is less than two meters.
It still does not guarantee success, but there is substantial argument in the fight for victory.
Ours longer stays.
Both athletes and journalists are able to inhabit the gamemakers places offered and choose their own.
The U.S. basketball team living on a cruise ship, part of tennis player does not remain in the Olympic village.
Also part of the beach volleyball is to provide on a Kopakaban.
This time for journalists very pieticīgaj for accommodation providers were required to greatly exaggerated prices.
So the choice fell on apartment rental.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from the logistics point of view.
This time, the risk is justified.
Together with Vladimir Vladimirovič hiring of apartments on the Kopakaban and Ipanema.
Beach 200 meters away, bīč arena a half-hour walk.
District and safe because the favelas in the distance, but vigilance to lose should not be there.
Vladimir Vladimirovich and not what some immediately think but the more professional sports journalist in Russian media Vladimir Ivanov.
P. it looks like Friday morning was another izsapņot medal dream.
100 metres hurdles and the high jump in Laura ikauniece-Admidiņ left behind from your personal records.
But there are five disciplines.
After a 10 year break "Porgij and Best" sounding in Liepāja.
In Latvia, the Opera "Porgij and Best" pirmiestudējum experienced in 1973 to the Latvian National Opera.
Since then, the internationally recognized masterpiece on a repeated behavior.
That's why Cēsis Art Festival and the Atlanta Arts forum organizers closely decided to give listeners the opportunity to enjoy the George Gershwin's šederv.
"We are delighted that after a ten year break, when was the last time Atlanta could enjoy opera staging, this great George Gershwin" Porgij and Best Opera "koncertiestudējum version is a pleasure to us new, newly discovered in the concert hall" lielais Dzintars ", says" the big concert hall Dzintari "driver Bernadette Bož.
Opera "Porgij and the Best" is a vivid musical language to tell a story about love, its fickleness, passion, as well as domestic tragedies and simple daily pleasures.
It reflects the vitality, afroamerikānisk music and rhythm.
It is this lack of political correctness in this opera, the exclusion of tolerance makes it so vital.
"And yes, this whole romance thing is extremely powerful, extremely beautiful and somehow really profound," says Director Viesturs Kairiš.
What I like most,-listening to or playing this opera, always the stop points-the famous melody, famous themes, but this transition from one character to another, illuminating the one character or another character, or choir, or Orchestra.
"This is the most exciting thing this work ', the Opera assessed the Opera" Porgij and koncertiestudējum "the Best Musical Director and conductor Andris button.
Opera visitors agree that it is a grandiose event.
They have a great pleasure to hear the world famous Gershwin's Opera.
Blessed that Atlanta can feel the breath of the world.
"The performance is professional", the Opera assessed visitor Edgar Lahm.
Koncertiestudējum was special in that the newly discovered in the concert hall "lielais Dzintars" first played in the pit orchestra Orchestra and first held the Opera koncertuzvedum.
The area near the art museum's restored buildings might call Yang's Art.
Riga Andris vicemēr of American Art Jubilee exhibition opening that also in the Museum's own address in the future might not be the Cannon Street which Krišjānis Barons recorded them, but Janis Rozentals 10 area 1.
Museum Director Judy lace candidly that re-registering will address a bureaucratic burden, however this idea is welcomed, and so agreed to the municipal proposal.
Riga City kind of Foundation of the idea has put in 1936, the monument of Jan Burkard Woodpeckers to Rosenthal, who stands at the Museum.
The then Museum Director Wilhelm Purvitis was one of the movers of this monument.
In such a way that further action could be a purely logical.
Me and all the time a bit of conscience-but gnawing at Wilhelm Purvitis, where we will we put his name?!
"But if you do, the United States, the promise to think" ... "said the bear.
Foretold that art museum building after major reconstruction and modernization of its doors officially opened in May this year.
This week finally launch VEF culture Palace reconstruction.
The castle of approximately 11 million euros will SIA "arch".
Planned to restore a number of rooms of the Castle, including two audience halls, as well as to adapt the building for people with disabilities.
Riga City Council intends to raise funds for the project of European Union money for six million euros, however the property Department of the Riga City Council Director Oleg Burov admits that on the European funds, the project is not yet complete clarity.
"Despite the fact that the political will to launch VEF culture Palace repairs, bringing in the European structural funds, we are waiting for the decision for months, real action from Finance Ministry officials, the money will be granted or not," says Burov.
Last December they told us that all depends from Brussels.
Two weeks ago Finance Ministry received a letter from the European Commission that take the same decision that Brussels does not take a decision here.
Now we see that again formed another discussion circle, well, then we'll see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council no doubt guarantee that this process will be initiated and completed within the time limits", indicates Burov.
Already reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, VEF culture Palace hosted a farewell concert collectively before now, immediately upcoming building renovation.
Although it took a year of renovation, the building still had not started and continued to work collectively in unsuitable conditions.
Property Department of the Riga City Council strategy VEF culture Palace, the renovation has seemingly independent rebuilding work sets where each provide a different implementation of the function of the Castle.
First-VEF Culture Palace of increasing access and surrounding area home improvement.
It intended to organize neighborhood and utilities, as well as to restore the building's facade.
Second-VEF culture Palace services offerings.
The Interior of the building plans, the restoration of the walls and ceilings, stage and sound recording studio, as well as arrange building internal utilities.
The third-the creative amateur collective of improving working conditions, which includes plans to improve the workshop equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before "Livu" 40 anniversary of legendary rock band can get to know the exhibition in Liepāja.
The exhibition will be on display in different "Livu" representative items-the photos arranged in a time line to reflect the Group's activities from inception until 2010 when notified of the Group's activities.
Participants will also be shown on the stage costumes, musical instruments, awards and koncertierakst, as well as other wider audience still does not see things that reflected the Group's "līvi" creative action.
The exhibition will be complemented by the Baltimore Museum inventory items.
Visual design of the exhibition co-produced with fashion artist and painter of the elite Patmalniec.
Also, musicians who have been associated with the group "līvi" and their loved ones, said the invitation and shared both with objects and memories.
"Livu" originated in 1972, when Baltimore's cultural House creates a vocal instrumental ensemble, led by Juris Pavītol.
The initial composition of the ensemble participated in the Festival "liepājas Dzintars" in 1972 and 1974, as well as the city and the view of the Republic.
in 1976 fatal encounters when Juris Pavītol in met Eric Ķiģel and Metalworkers ' cultural Palace, founded the group, asking to join Ingrid Simon of Gūtman, Krūziņ and John twist.
Over the years, the Group has seen in more than one occasion.
Members have joined, others have their way, some returned.
But most importantly-the desire to affirm that the Latvian rock music is able to live and exist-remained unchanged.
"What to see-džinsot, there were hairy and bearded, these boys felt different from conventional stage singers of stereotypes", the group says the music apskatniek fine squirrel.
Group without the above musicians acted such outstanding musicians as Hugo, wave, a stern, Watchful Krieviņš r. stark, Jube Rācenāj, Pusbarniek, Ainars Talis in Virgo, Leo breeze, Guntars Coopers, Dainis Virga, Thomas Klein and many more.
Entrance to the exhibition free of charge.
Exhibition from 19 august off to 30 October.
Turn on august 27 at the Liepaja "koncertdārz rot, Breeze will" band "līvi" 40 years anniversary celebration of "LĪVIfes 2".
For the first time in 8 months in Bulgaria suffer inflation.
In July, the Bulgarian Government statistics showed a 1% monthly inflation.
It is the highest since the 2012 and the first score above zero since October last year, when it was positive (0.2%).
Average annual inflation by the PC in the last 12 months (august 2015-2016), compared with the previous year, was-0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared with the previous year, had average monthly 101.9% and inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year inflation was-0.2% (in July 2016, compared to December 2015) and the annual rate of inflation in July 2016, compared to July 2015, was-0.2%.
Compared with the previous month, in July 2016, there was a increase in prices following consumer product groups: food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%), transport (1.8%), entertainment and cultural activities (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%); household goods and services (0.3%).
Prices for clothing and footwear fell (2.2%), housing, equipment, household appliances and regular house cleaning (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the previous month's level of alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Zbigniew Stankiewicz: comes a time and truth augšāmceļ.
Latvian Catholic Church Archbishop Metropolitan of Zbigniew Stankiewicz interview the independent highlights that if we want to gain the life force, they should be placed in the center of the Gospel message.
Because the truth is greater than evil kink.
Many are already on their way to the Blessed Virgin Mary into heaven holiday reception in Aglona.
A message for believers there this year will get?
In recent years, the desire to drive the main worship Aglona is expressed by the Papal Nuncio.
Hence the main message content is his message.
As a kind of tradition to also consider that the way of the cross led by Bishop John Bul.
He even ways his message.
I wired the day before the feast of the vigīlij service.
Last year I turned the Pope's French enciklik "the si Laudat" and brought up in the House, the captured the common ground the topic in the context of Latvia.
This year ... Of course, I was watching what is happening in the world, and try in your salutation to react to it.
My approach coincides with the Church suggested that the Gospel message should be life Center.
To show that the Gospel respond to human life the most sasāpējušākaj problems and give him inspiration next path.
It speaks to people.
But, lamps in Cesis, you said that "to go back to the full understanding of the people".
What do you understand by it?
Does this mean that people will turn away from the Church's message?
And that the Church today is the return of these resources?
The Indian capital city of robbing on the side of the road of a dying man.
The Indian capital, no one has found the road cut the dying man-it turns out that he slept at the side of the road and then hours more robbed, BBC informs.
Reported that the man, who was identified as Matibūl, by day drove to the rickshaw, but worked as a security guard at night.
Matibūl to 5:30 in the morning, went to the homes along the way, when he knocked an easy car.
Surveillance camera recording shows that the driver got out of the car, to see to the victim, and then left.
After hours, when no one has thought the bleeding man had robbed him of any garnadz.
About 90 minutes after the notriekšan come to the scene of the police and the victim returned to the hospital, where the dead from the injuries.
Withdrawing their nomination to the State Revenue Service (SRS), Director General of the national environmental guard driving the Government raised the Koļegov Ing from the fall, the University of Latvia, Faculty of social sciences, Associate Professor of Ant Tziporah.
Koļegov's explanation of the withdrawal of the nomination in relation to the controversy in ruling coalition is due to the fact that she prevented the Government from falling.
Ant's conversation with the Agency counters that he was hard to imagine that a Government meeting next week "unity" in support of Koļegov's nomination.
Thus, if "unity" Ministers rated against, but Koļegov so and so approved, this would lead to the resignation of the Government.
Experts also believe that before the announcement of the withdrawal of the nomination Koļegov has held consultations with both finance ministers Dan Reizniec-oak, both Prime Minister Maris Kučinsk.
At the same time it was also a concession to the "unity" which was firmly against her nomination.
Anticipation, or fail of a competition to find a suitable candidate, acknowledged that the Ants have two options-either to be designated a compromise figure, or authority as the Director-General ad interim will continue to drive the Carol Gray.
At the same time he noted-if Finance Ministers has so far claimed that is not considered another nomination, this was a hint that the Grey may not participate in the contest.
LETA already reported that national environmental service manager of Koļegov has decided to withdraw his candidacy for the post of Director-General of the ENVIRONMENT.
"Unity" Government was Tuesday due to opposition to the week postponed the approval of the Director-General of the ENVIRONMENT Koļegov.
After the Government's decision to postpone deciding Koļegov showed that still is ready to become a MIDDLE Manager.
However, it later changed its mind-application for Finance Minister Friday Dan Reizniec-Oak for she states that withdraw their consent to the transfer of the Head Office of the environment, and that she was not an easy choice.
Judy Kučinsk of the Prime Minister's Press Secretary Andrei Vaivara LETA agency explained that the vacant post of Director-General of the ENVIRONMENT there will be a new contest.
Riga Centre, accident involving a police car.
Riga Centre this afternoon happened in a road traffic accident involving a State police car.
Police car with sound and light signals scurrying to the highest category to which Krišjānis Barons recorded them over the call and mill streets intersection collided with another car.
The police have occurred in the circumstances clear, but initial information suggests that the other vehicle is not missed a police car.
The accident suffered by a woman.
In Riga this year shrunk the population of
Earlier this year in Riga was 638 784 population, which is about 0.34% less than in 2015, when the capital was officially registered population of 641 000 agency LETA informed the Central Statistical Bureau (CSB).
While the population in the capital of Latvia ranked 30. place among European Union (EU) capitals, and major cities with populations over one million.
According to the EU statistics office Eurostat data in Riga has the largest proportion of women-the Latvian capital is compelling in the first place between the biggest cities with 127 women to 100 men.
All three Baltic capital cities has the largest proportion of women in major cities of Europe: they are the wave, but Tallinn 121 123 woman on 100 men.
To deploy the LNMA warning pictograms.
In the coming days at the Latvian National Museum of art (LNMA) will be posted warning signs-pictograms, LETA agency said property Department of the Riga City Council spokeswoman Bernadette ndah.
Currently, the Museum has successfully closed the glass Atrium repairs of damage suffered by the skeitbordist activity.
In the coming days it will be posted warning pictograms.
Its people will say that the coverage tends to be a slick rain and snow, it may not be moved with the cars, as well as riding on bikes, Rollerblades and skirting board.
On the social network "Facebook" back then wrote Jacob, who also pointed out that any security hazards does not cause damage, but the "look", and may not accurately skeitbordist "going to have a Zen".
Holidays for children and parents-Riga housed the new children's play area.
In the summer season of the Riga municipality even installed the two new playground in the city, and moved to Ķīpsal, which is now available for children.
Ķīpsal beach set wide, multifunctional playground ship with various climbing features, bridge, games, trub and slides.
Playground for children of all ages.
The square also installed swing and a variety of balancing elements.
Fantasy world of small shippers adds to the attraction of the Daugava coast with a view of the passenger port where the cruise ships.
While the Playground between the 4 and 5 moved to traverse the installed game lodge, a trampoline, a step the route, the balance bridge, swing, playground balls and other game elements, as well as a gym area with spinning force and coordination drills, etc. sports items.
Land area laid rubber cover in different colours.
To the playground of the street parties laid new, colorful stones cover.
Medumo revealed reconstructed road section.
Traffic Minister Uldis Augul, VAS, Latvian state roads (LVC) management, as well as builders Ltd. "Binder" and local representatives today opened the reconstructed State main highway Russian border (Grebņev)-Daugavpils-Rezekne-Lithuanian border (medumi) (A13) in the period from the Lithuanian border to Medumi (156,4.-163.05. km).
The road is a national card, particularly the border roads, so a special satisfaction is to discover the reconstruction phase on the border with our southern neighbours.
This is another example of that, thanks to European Union funds for co-financing the situation on the country's major roads improved.
"As forecast, this planning period the roads available funds will be acquired for 2018, and we have to think how to continue to maintain the most congested roads in very good quality, and also to ensure the mobility of the population in all regions of Latvia without funding the European Union" by cutting a symbolic Ribbon stressed Uldis Augul.
Traffic Minister also pointed out that the traffic expert prepared proposals on sustainable funding for roads during the tuvakāj will be presented to the Government.
The works from the Lithuanian border to Medumi (156,4.-163.05. km) Ltd. launched last year and this year the Binder they continued after the break.
Reconstruction costs are 13.5 million euro (including VAT), a project co-funded by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"The Reconstructed road section has completely restored the road construction and next year will start in the next stage of repairs to the Daugavpils Medumi, hence will be arranged the entire path from the Lithuanian border to Daugavpils State", informed the Chairman of the Board Jānis LVC Lange.
Major roads of the country's most congested, and until 2018, we plan to make all of the country's major roads are in good condition.
The next challenge will be to keep them in good quality, timely providing periodic maintenance and replacement of the asphalt surface make every 7-9 years.
"Then, of course, will need appropriate funding, and all travelers with hopes look to the Group of experts developed proposals way to organize the financing system," noted Lange.
The project organized road connections and lighting medumi Center.
Made significant ground work: four stages large and bulky on the atkūdrošan and the mound work, aligned the road longitudinal, which until now had been very uneven.
Also updated the public transport stops and the turn-around area build public transport.
Previously, the road was not sufficient bearing capacity and off-road terrain was not transparent because of the mountainous valleys, as well as the old path of a common terrain.
The next construction season planned to restore the road running from Daugavpils City border to the now reconstructed phase (144,80.-156.40. km).
This year, LVC plans to carry out different types of work more than 1100 kilometres State Road.
Information on all of this year's national road network planned maintenance works is available on the website www.lvceli.lv LVC.
"To achieve the desired weight loss results, very important is the right combination of foods choices", admits Lithuania's Laura Romerait dietoloģ-Kuklierien.
In addition, it is easy in the summer period, when our own gardens, growing fresh fruit, berries and vegetables.
The prudent diet products combine can help not only to reduce excess weight, but also targeted to promote different body processes.
Pasta and vinegar is a successful combination, because it provides long-lasting satiety and helps fight fat.
The study, published in the European Journal of clinical nutrition, proved that vinegar affect glucose levels in the blood and helps us feel alive.
Cayenne pepper and protein-rich food, such as meat or poultry protein cocktail, causing not only in the sense of satiety, but also reduces the desire for big meals the next meals.
Such a combination could increase the food after a meal, the amount of calories burned up to 35%.
Studies have shown that cayenne pepper can help get rid of fat in the abdominal area.
Eggs are a nutrient metabolism of incentive-choline and peppers is a good source of vitamin C.
Taking enough of this nutrient can reduce cortisol levels, hence the accumulation of fat around the middle of the body.
Oatmeal porridge, which added to the fresh berries, is another delicious and fat burning meal for breakfast, what is worth to include in your diet.
Oatmeal and berries contain fiber, which in accordance with the conclusions of scientists in Canada controlled by the grelīn-appetite-stimulating hormone, and thus the feeling of hunger.
In addition, the berries contain polyphenols, which are helpers for weight reduction, and also prevents the build-up of fat.
Vegetables and protein also can do wonders for weight reduction.
This combination could cause satiety.
Vegetables contain water and fiber, so promote satiety.
At the same time slow down the digestive process protein and provides satiety for longer time.
For lunch you can eat chicken with a salad or cook a protein cocktail from the finished mixture and enjoy it with your favorite vegetables.
From a combination of products to avoid.
Fruit is sugar-Monosaccharides or disaccharides-one or two molecules compounds.
By contrast, starch, vegetables, is located in the polysaccharide.
Fruit breaks into the stomach, while chemically, mechanically it does not decompose until third or fourth grade to the digestive process, which occurs in the intestine.
The starch divided into three different stages that begins in the mouth.
Therefore, it is essential to eat sweet food immediately after the meal.
Eating sweet dishes immediately after the meal, it is "trapped" in the stomach along with other dishes, which it is not chemically digested and started rotting.
Do not eat bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, dates, or other carbohydrate-containing foods with lemon, lime, Orange, grapefruit, pineapple or other acidic fruit.
Enzyme in the ptialīn located in the saliva, works only in alkaline environment.
Fruit acids inhibit carbohydrate digestion not only, but also to promote fermentation.
Do not eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar protein rich product combinations for one meal.
The processing you need different digestive juices, each of them with different strength characteristics and time to reach the stomach.
Medusmelon, muskatmelon, watermelons and other melons should always eat separately from other dishes.
Melons are not digested in the stomach if they are combined with other foods.
Fat in combination with protein-rich products.
Fats form a successful combination with starch, however, the same cannot be said for fat and protein-fats inhibit protein digestion.
Proteins can be combined with the very small amount of fat.
If consumed in large quantities of products containing protein, avoid the use of fat.
This also applies to svaigēšan-not recommended to combine large quantities of nuts (protein content) with a whole avocado (FAT).
This combination hinders effective weight reduction.
How best to Cook?
"Cooking, heat treatment causes a significant loss of nutrients-about 15% to 55% of the nutrient composition of original products," noted dietoloģ.
Most of the nutrients go to waste by boiling food in water.
However, some of the food nutrient value increases, just boiling.
After the vegetables cooking the remaining liquid should be used in the preparation of soup-in this case, do not lose the nutrients remaining in water, and be able to eat them later.
We recommend that you prepare the vegetables, and steaming.
Heat treatment significantly increases the tomato lycopene bioavailability in the composition.
Boil the tomatoes for 30 minutes, the amount of lycopene increases by 25%.
Heat treatment also significantly increases the bioavailability of betakarotīn, which can be found in the red, yellow and orange plants, such as tomatoes, carrots, sweet potatoes and spinach in.
The eggs and heat treatment of meat takes away the protein they contain natural qualities, making it more easily digestible.
Meat and eggs also heat treatment makes this product the iron and other minerals in the body of the lighter absorbable.
It must also be borne in mind that the freezing of the product can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% up to 90%, but freezing does not affect fiber.
Beans with tomatoes in combination can increase iron uptake in the body, which in turn provides a better brain and muscle activity.
Our body is up to 33% less non-asinsradoš iron found in plant foods such as beans, leafy greens, cereal products, than the asinsradoš iron, found in animal products like beef, fish and chicken.
You can greatly increase iron absorption of non-asinsradoš of the body using diet not-asinsradoš iron containing products with vitamin C sources, such as oranges, tomatoes and berries.
Vitamin c helps to not change the-asinsradoš iron so that our bodies absorb it more easily.
Iron is necessary for the production of hemoglobin, which provides oxygen to the muscles and brain.
To gain maximum benefit from the salad, add those healthy fats, such as olive or linseed oil.
Preparing sandwiches with salmon, add the vitamin D-rich to give the salmon or sardines, yogurt is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin d increases calcium absorption by the gut, and it plays an important role in bone formation process.
Oats (as well as other whole grain products) along with vitamin C sources, such as strawberries, blackcurrants, raspberries and other fruits or berries, help stabilize the cholesterol level, as well as to avoid artery blockage.
Snapch "anime" effect on the kariķēšan of āzieš criticizes
You Snapch representatives say that this filter is inspired by the animation, but some commentators argue that it is racially insensitive.
With this lens effect you let Snapch 150 millions of users everyday rather absurd way to change reality and to play with their identity.
You can convert themselves to pineapple, dog or image that would fit in the Lihštenštein painting ".
Lenses are foggy, image distortion instruments that generate more than 30 million modified selfij day.
Any errors quickly becomes perceptible to the public.
You Snapch lens effects have been criticised before, receive a reprimand, that promotes the application too dark or light skin tones as the ideal beauty of the benchmark.
This week was posted on the new lens effects that let users build oblique eyes, crooked teeth and round cheeks, and some critics called it a racist āzieš cartoon-"yellow face".
Also, it was asked whether such a conflict does not indicate that the company has bigger problems with diversity.
News and public negativity flared Wednesday when spending "the Slave" and "Motherboard" that lens effects are removed from the application.
The company explained that the purpose of the lens is the picture of the anime characters, not the caricature of the origin of the āzieš people.
But people who have experienced racism, these effects recalled the painful stereotypes.
Others categorically denies the similarity with anime.
The origin of Korean American art student grace Sparapan Twitter entry about the images got wide resonance. E-mail letter, she noted that the effects of the lens was "offensive and uncomfortable, to say the least".
She added that it is difficult to overlook the obvious similarities between the Asian cartoon and lens effects.
This suggests that the effect of the lens is not just any yellow face, the face of racism.
Snapch are not the only company that has fallen into the trap of these cultures.
American culture is also involved in a never-ending struggle for diversity and inclusion, ranging from corporate meeting rooms up to Hollywood and the devices that we use everyday.
And Snapch for a large audience of young people representing different races, unlike the older people, are sensitive to such things.
If you Snapch lens creates images that offend users, then "today, such things do not remain unnoticed," said in an interview Thursday the 25-year-old Katie Joe.
On Thursday the company "medium" product manager Joe Snapch you delete your application and advised others to do the same.
In his article "the medium" and telefonintervij, she explained that her problems with the race result are Snapch, employment policies do not sufficiently support the racial diversity.
Joe criticized the company's management, which primarily consist of white men and then closed his article with a reference #DeleteSnapchat.
"It means that the company has no racial diversity, so such decisions is avoided. Or have some other representatives of the race, but they did not occupy such posts to be safe and comfortable to express their views ", considers the origin of Chinese American Joe.
He also shared the views of others, while the Snapch are not responded to her complaint.
The company did not disclose how many employees represent different race, indicating that it is a private company.
You refused to discuss his Snapch employee origin, but his agent revealed that the company has hired a staff of specialists who focus on the enterprise is also represented racial minorities, which are not widely represented and encourage integration into the company.
Joe will not turn your Snapch your account, adding: "I wonder if they really need more such users as we, to understand that this is not right."
Congress, the Court declared that the military officials of the sagrozījuš reports on the Islamic country.
In a statement issued Thursday in Congress, the Court noted that the U.S. central command, the representatives of the sagrozījuš reports, showing the war against the Islamic State in Iraq, and Syria is in fact much more optimistic than that.
Central Command intelligence analysts expressing general discontent on the armed services Committee, Intelligence Committee and defense funding Subcommittee Republican representatives created the task unit's interim report, indicating that their management control reports on the American success in the battle against the Islamic country.
Central command, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tampa, Florida, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest news on the message telling you that the intelligence reports, which confirmed the high ranking executives, reflects the US Centcom fight against terrorism more positive than is actually there. The facts were distorted, regularly showing better achievements than show other intelligence analysis.
The California Republican representative Ken Kalvert tells: "Centcom is unacceptable-the soldiers are the ones who suffer if our policy makers are receiving false reports."
CENTCOM control error search organizations the highest management.
This 10 page long report reflects in detail the existing problems of the central command and the analysis of American efforts to prepare the Iraqi forces to 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide conclusive evidence that the Obama administration would have led senior officials misrepresent messages, however it shows that management has done some Centcom pressure on analysts to portray a more optimistic perspective on Islam (also known as ISIS or ISIL) threats.
The report shows that in 2015. in the first half of the Central pārvaldniecīb of press releases, notices and reports to Congress portrayed the situation considerably more positive light than it was in reality.
For example, Centcom representatives publicly stated that Mosul's recovery operation would begin in 2015 already in April or may.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city, which is still in the control of the Islamic State.
Kansas Republican party delegate Mike Pompeu their message reads: "Several-month investigation shows it."
From 2014 to 2015 among the middle of the US Central pārvaldniecīb main officials twisted messages, displaying the ISIS threat in Iraq, weaker than they were in reality.
The Republican party has created a working group to learn that analysts are concerned that information about the Islamic State is false.
The investigation progressed, a report published on Thursday will precede the new findings in the case.
The Ministry of defence is carrying out intelligence activities ģenerālinspekcij Centcom investigation.
The Intelligence Committee of the administration of Democrat party members on Thursday issued their own report, in which they agree to some of the Republican party to the conclusions of the working group.
Democrat Adam Schiff's B in its report States, from 2014 to 2015 Centcom too restrictive assessment of intelligence reports related to ISIS and the Iraqi security forces.
Mr. Schiff's explains that this process "stopped the distribution of information", under analysts ' work ethic and "spread the truth according to the facts."
But Schiff's and Democrat party members added that there is no evidence that the White House has made pressure on analysts to Centcom reports, developed according to the "predefined or political position".
The Daily beast Thursday published a Congressional investigation, the preliminary results.
In August, the New York Times reported that the Pentagon has begun an investigation after ģenerālinspekcij Centcom analysts ' complaints.
Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans announced that the Pentagon will not comment on the report, while Congress will continue the investigation.
He also added that the experts sometimes interprets the various complicated data, and the Ministry of Defense and Intelligence Agency calls for constructive dialogue on vital issues of national security.
The investigation does not relate only to the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq, and Syria is successful (statement, expressed more and more representatives of the Ministry of defence).
But last year's indictments call into question whether President Obama can fully rely on the Central pārvaldniecīb of the reports on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticism regarding the Islamic State intelligence recalls more than ten years old events when the Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hūker is issued a study saying that George w. Bush Administration launched the war in Afghanistan, too little thought of the consequences.
Hūker also played a significant role in Islamic national intelligence issue detection.
Last year the official representatives reported that the Hūker team discovered that in contrast to the public reports, the air raid of the Islamic nation's oil factories do not have significantly worsened the financial situation of a terrorist grouping because they had built temporary factory to sell oil on the black market.
The times reported in September that this discovery does not come out of the walls of the Central pārvaldniecīb.
Current Centcom Commander Gen. Lloyd Austin III, received sharp criticism, as many law makers are considered the war reports describe the situation too positive.
In April he'd retired Austin and in his place came into General Joseph l. Votel.
US with the British duel in the women's field hockey, winning the U.S., thus gaining their fourth victory in a row.
The day after the victory over Japan with a score of 6:1, Katie took Bam on Thursday the first two gates of the US women's field hockey team, when American's defeated the Indian team with a score of 3:0.
Five goals in two games is a memorable achievement, but the 27-year-old Bam said that can not remember, or that she ever would have failed.
She said: "I have no idea."
I'm not one of those people who count their own progress.
But she knows that the result of the American Olympics is 4:0, which gives them a draw in their group with the British, who on Thursday after victory over Japan with a score of 2:0 remained unbeaten.
United Kingdom and the UNITED STATES will meet on Saturday to play the last match of the first round games.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals, and the game will determine only which team takes first place in the six-team group and a second.
The first place winner will not much longer would avoid meeting with the powerful Dutch team, which is the leader of the second group.
So as well as the extracted Saturday game, already has brought the American surprise storm, four years ago in London the last place among the 12 teams.
The team was also in BAMA
She grew up in Blūbel, field hockey stick she first picked up a 3-year-olds (her older twin sister has already dealt with this sport Dreksel) and joined the national team when she was 16 years old, becoming the youngest player in the history of the sample.
She was not at the 2008 Olympic Games, because I made the finals.
But 2012 was not successful for her and her team.
Next year was appointed coach Englishman Kreg a Parham and everything changed for the better.
BAMA called it "culture, mentality and physical changes."
In London we invested so much work as now.
We've changed everything.
Thursday's game showed results, BAMA by gaining the first half in goal with the back pitch from close distance.
India started the game without a victory in their account, but their team was very fierce and lasted a minimum of 0:1 of results up to the end of the third period when BAMA scored again.
She entered the ball across the area of the pretinieč area in the left, managed to get to the middle of the field and run the ball pretinieč the goal of the American 2:0.
In the middle of the fourth period, Melissa Gonzales took another gate.
This was the first ship of the UNITED STATES of vārtsardz Jackie dry game in each of the first three games released through the one gate.
She is ran.
And so does BAMA.
"We are currently going very well," said Paham, but exactly how good, will show the game on Saturday.
The depression period expressed the dish is "Excellent meal"
in March 1933, shortly after being elected President of the Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down in the oval room for a meal.
President Roosevelt liked the fine culinary delicacies as Goose liver pate or fuagr and turtle soup of Maryland.
But today his meal was far more modest: the stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and dessert-plum pudding.
Jane Ziegelman says: "it's a way of solidarity for cooking with people doing very heavy."
Her husband by Andrius adds: "it is also a message to the Americans, as should eat."
A couple from Brooklyn Heights District is a food historian.
What the last book "vegetable stew" described in Chinese cuisine in America, but in their book, "Ziegelman 97 Apple trees" describes the life through food, rent house in Manhattan East.
Their new joint work "Excellent meal," which will be published in the publishing house on Tuesday Harper, is the story of the American food during the great depression.
Showing some solidarity in cooking, they ate lunch together reporters "Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop", a simple lunch in the diner, located in the Flatiron District and works from 1929, when the great depression began.
54 year-old Ziegelman she ordered a sandwich with melted cheese and chopped olives, while the 57-year-old ordered By Turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable salad.
When a reporter ordered a couple of fake Bunny, admitted that his choice is very appropriate to talk about the great depression during the meal.
Ziegelman's mistress told me that the meatloaf was very popular.
There was a peanut Bunny, Hare liver, and bean Bunny.
They were made from basic ingredients and other ingredients that have enriched meal.
Imagine how is it-eat so many peanuts to be lunch.
What the Lord scowled.
"Probably thought that the stomach is full of lead," he added.
Pirmsdepresij years of American dinner table resembled a Swedish table, especially in rural areas.
Women are going to eat his men-workers and the breakfast, lunch and dinner were served freshly cooked pie.
In the first world war the Americans are sent directly to the Europeans. "Excellent meal" described how Americans adjust to the circumstances when America suddenly was no longer a land of abundance.
"At that time, the dish became the United Nation's main object of attention in everyday life," says the Lord, By explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about this topic.
Just as important was the new budgetary diet: the unknown dishes like meatloaf and stews become everyday, stew had been "a great way to use leftovers," noted Mrs. Ziegelman, because cooks unable to hide the unattractive ingredients under creamy sauces.
Fresh fruit replaced the cheap dried fruit.
The meat, which for years was a key part of American meals, now became extremely rare luxury items.
At a time when the number of calories and nutritional value of food was more important than taste, born new, unprecedented formations.
In a recent cookbook she found in Ziegelman recipe how to cook with peanut butter-filled bulbs.
What the Lord says: "it was not a popular addition to the dinner table."
Mrs. Ziegelman stresses: "it was surreal."
The peanut butter and fried onion are not compatible.
Many home food recipes application for difficult times.
The household of economists as Louise Stanley, the Federal household economic Office Manager from 1923 to 1943, established the national eating habits that were not there before the great depression, not after it.
Publishing articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they advised housewives become "economists" and accept the challenge to turn pasta and carrots in delicious miksl meal.
"Excellent meal" is a meal of delicacies.
Particularly interesting are the evidence of the Government's attitude to its hungry citizens, for example, President Herbert Hoover's "Let me eat cake" attitude.
Although he publicly talked about his childhood and simple meals in Iowa, he ate as a millionaire, at which he was to become.
What the Lord is telling: "he loved the European cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce."
He ate almost gilded parlor, wearing a dinner jacket.
He was completely cut off from reality.
President Roosevelt would have made the same mistake, unless his wife Eleanor would not have recommended him to lead by example with their eating habits.
The book taught that Roosevelt contracted a domestic, not able to Cook, so the White House became a place where not only was hailed one of the dishes at negaršīgāk in Washington, but also the worst prepared food ".
As soon as the economy recovered, most Depression-era culinary customs disappeared.
But we continue to pay attention to calories and nutritional value, as well as how to apply the science of cooking, "said Mrs. Ziegelman.
The couple said that while writing the book, they got a better understanding of her mother Ziegelman eating habits, for example, why she could not throw out the food.
"She really was afraid to throw out food," said That Mr.
Mrs. Ziegelman said: "they actually drove him crazy people."
Had the incident with the cake.
When we had eaten Eisenberg in the diner writer couple pulled out of the bag of homemade desserts: plum pudding, what President Roosevelt liked to eat lunch.
"It's a plum whipped cream," said Mrs. Ziegelman, adding that at the time was the widespread habit of modest meals given chic name.
It is not only whipped cream prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All anxiously dipped spoons Brown mass that was on the plates.
Surprisingly, it was not so bad.
What Mr ate a few bites.
Izklausot by an experienced "Economist", he said to his wife: "should the ground hazelnuts pinch."
Gilead will receive reimbursement for legal costs in fighting the hepatitis C Merck patent
District judge has decided that "Gilead Sciences Inc." have the right to get back the cost of the services of lawyers, which it paid in the case of Hepatitis C breach of the patent against pharmaceutical company Merck Co. Inc. "&"
In June, Gilead was justified in the case of the 200 million pound fine for breach of two Merck patent, which it threatened in connection with Sovald and Harvon in repulsor tablets when a us federal judge found irregularities in the operation Objectives, such as lying at the service of the affidavit and other unethical activities.
At the hearing Thursday, u.s. district judge But a Labson Freeman pointed out that Gilead has the right to request compensation for legal costs that it incurred in defence in this case.
Merck is trying to get positions in the market against Gilead, which dominates the market with a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that are effective in 90% of cases of liver disease.
The case was initiated already in 2013, when Gilead and Merck brought proceedings against each other by trying to obtain ownership of the newly developed active components are sofosbuvir, which are the main ingredients of Gilead.
The U.S.-supported forces claim that fully taken over control of the city from the Manbidž of the Islamic State.
The U.S.-supported forces in its controls completely overwhelmed the Manbidž town in the northern part of the country near the Turkish border and the last soldiers of the Islamic State have fled the city, a representative of the group said Friday.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) now cleans the city of the last enemy combatants who have not yet left the city.
They have reclaimed more than 2,000 hostages-civilians that had captured militants, the news agency Reuters said Šarfan of Darviš of Manbidž of the SDS Allied military Council.
"Now the city is located in our complete control and we are taking the militant search", he informed the agency Reuters.
Clinton income in 2015 having reached 10.75 million dollars and the couple paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton Friday issued a 2015 tax return showing that the Democratic Party's presidential candidate, and her husband this year have earned 10.75 million dollars and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2%.
2015 time Clinton has donated 1 million u.s. dollars, mainly for his charity organization Clinton. Former President Bill Clinton earned approximately 5.3 million, speaking as the spokesman and former Secretary of State made a 3 million dollar income from his book about the work of the State Department, published in cooperation with the "Simon Schuster &".
Clinton's electoral ally-the UNITED STATES State of Virginia senator Tim Kane and his wife Anne Holton has published its tax return for the past 10 years.
in 2015 they pay a federal tax rate of 20.3%.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continues to set new standards for financial transparency" in its communication presaged Clinton's campaign partner Jennifer Palmieri.
While Donald Trump hiding behind various excuses and reservations should not be to fulfil promises to disclose your tax information.
Disclosure of tax paid is a record of the practice of U.S. presidential candidates, but it is not required by law.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers cite the State revenue service audit as a reason not to reveal tax information.
"Your move", in your Twitter post, the Democrat candidate's tax information reported Clinton's campaign partner Ian catfish.
Thursday's Special Adviser Michael Trump Cohen told CNN that he will not permit the Trump tax information, will not be completed before the audit.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican party presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans argue that his refusal raises questions about the true extent of his estate, donation amounts, and his other business obligations, including obligations to Russia.
Clinton poured oil on the fire, released a video Friday that several influential Republicans requesting the Trump your tax information.
She again returned to this question during an economic speech Wednesday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "he refuses to do that for several decades have done the rest of the presidential candidates."
"Politics" is that during the 1990s two years Trump has been paying very little or not at all been paying taxes and Friday "New York Times Business column told him that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
The federal tax rate is a key issue in the presidential election.
Clinton, backed by a powerful billionaire Buffett's proposal promotes the idea that anyone who earns more than $1 million a year, you must pay tax of at least 30%.
This proposal is also supported by President Barack Obama.
Last week Clinton's speaking time in Omaha, Nebraska, where his "Berkshire Hathaway" conglomerate, Buffett invited Trump to Exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said that he, too, is made in the internal revenue service audits, and Trump is afraid of the voters, not the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has made public the tax information up to the year 2007.
Now Clinton lives in New York and Čapakv, during the period from 2007 to 2014 has paid the average federal tax rate of about 32 percent, and the overall tax rate about 40.5%.
Clinton 2015 tax report shows that unlike most Americans, only 100 dollars of their income is salary.
Their main investment was low-cost index fund, from which Clinton for dividends received $109.000.
Report prepared by Kevin Dravbaugh; Editor Jonathan Otis
Jewish film director criticizes Hotel Berlin on Israeli long-distance code-unlock after a request of the Arabs – RT news
The origin of the Jewish French movie Director made a storm of social media when it discovered that "Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin is not available in the Israeli long distance code. Staff to be based on the Arab client requirements.
Claude Lancman, documentaries about the Holocaust "Shoah" Director, did not hide his disappointment with "Kempinski Bristol Berlin" hotel and addressed an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
The recent visit of Lancman tried to find the long distance code of Israel Hotels in the list.
But this country was not included in the list with the countries to which you can make calls directly from the hotel.
How is it possible that 2016 in Berlin, the new capital of Germany, is swept away and destroyed by Israel?
Written By Lancman.
Instead, the "Kempinski Bristol" hotel offers to call this country through its call center.
Directed by demanding an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancman article that received the answer "šokējus".
The hotel administrator, explained that "it was a conscious decision of the management of the hotel".
The reason for the removal of the code even more angered by the film director.
"Most guests are Arabs, and they demanded the Israeli code deletion," Lancman in another hotel employee's explanation.
The Suddeutsch Zeitung says that Israel's Ambassador to Germany for Jakov in the Had-this case was Handelsman called "shame".
We are surprised and shocked about this incident.
That is a great shame.
And the fact that it has happened in Germany, directly at this hotel chain is even greater humiliation.
Explanations are required.
The officer stated: "We hope the hotel will make wrong assumptions".
This event was a pretty broad resonance in the internet, where people called it a scandal.
Others believe that "Kempinski" hotel was just izdabājus to Arab customers.
Another entry said "your shame", indicating that the hotel is located next to the synagogue in Kurfurstendamm Street.
Edition of Der Spiegel claims that even the hotel quickly dismissed all objections, stating that it was "a mistake" and apologized to Lancman.
"We have not received a direct order to remove Israel from the list of numbers," the Suddeutsch Zeitung quoted by Kempinski.
And add that code was again added to the list.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against the protestējoš of Brazilian students.
Students and police clash took place Thursday in the city of São Paulo in Brazil, where students gathered in a demonstration against government education reforms.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students.
The problems started when the Ombudsman tried to flush the students, as a result, the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
The demonstration was attended by several hundred students, to show his antipathy to reform the education system.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin's proposal to close nearly 100 public schools, while the 300 000 students will be moved to other schools with a view to cost savings.
Some demonstrators painted graffiti on the walls with messages against the interim President Michael Temer.
This protest was held just days after a previous protest, when students gathered in a demonstration aimed to express support for the President suspended for Dilma Rousef, which has voted for the Senate.
Scott Skinner Kelum finish in first, bring a gold medal for Great Britain cycling
Kelum Skinner of Scotland finished first in the men's cycling team sprint race in Rio in the velodrom took place last night. The British team nosargāj his Champion title, which it won at the 2012 London Games.
the 23-year-old athlete from Glasgow, played an important role in these races, making the legendary Scottish pride Sir Chris Hoj and picks the winning Favorites New Zealand.
Four years ago United Kingdom scored a surprising victory when valiant fifth Hoj from his six Olympic gold medals.
And they said it was also the World Championships in London, although Hoj already had finished his athlete's career.
The problem was between the Beijing and London Olympics, as had to replace the power startup specialist Jamie Staf.
They did it at the last moment.
When she disappeared, Hoj site tried to fill in and the Mets Kian Emad Krampton.
The British coaches had had hopes of seeing him Skiner, potential, which he later demonstrated.
The Hindu, Kenny-champions, which four years ago with the start of Skiner who Hoj and set up the Olympic qualification record, but the race start was the best New Zealand team
However, the British trio won gold medals.
The Hindu's in his own circle had examined iedzinējo, Kenya raised in control and management of these nosargāj Skiner.
Strategy Exchange played an important role in the victory because of the drive for greater Hindu gear to allow Kenya and especially to go more. Skiner
Hoj in the race and watched the BBC caught up with Kenya and Hindes, Skiner's eyes at the moment when they climbed on the podium.
the 23-year-old glāzgoviet said: "it was an overwhelming affirmation."
I do everything to defend his name.
We installed the final Olympic record and defeated the world champion.
It was just incredible.
There is no better WINS.
After winning with Kenya and Hoj of the 2012 Olympic Games in London, She's confessed that deliberately fell to the track after a failed startup.
He later refuted these comments and British competitors had over power to prove otherwise.
This time was not the incident.
The Hindu said: "the British flag in the stands reminded of London."
The last 3 months we have become a cohesive team.
We have lost so many World Championships, so the Olimpiskāj games victory really was special.
One medal races for the State, which won seven of the ten gold medals in cycling in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is the team's progress indicator during the last five months, the next five days will be very exciting.
Taking into account the results of Kenya, he really could repeat the success, gaining Hoj three Olympic gold medals.
It would mean six of Kenya won gold and one silver medal. In addition, Kenya was born 23 March (it looks like it is a Holy date for the British, because this day is born also Steve Regreiv, Mo Farah and Roger Banister).
This date is born also Hoj.
Kenya's next races are sprint, which starts today and will run for the next three days.
the 28-year-old athlete from Bolton, said: "right now I just enjoy it all.
The team's trip is always the best.
Because then you can win with the team.
To be honest, the winning one is a little lonely. "
The Hindu said: "If he would win two more gold medals, he was appointed a Knight of the round."
That day it was the only fight for medals, but they were not the only good news for the UK.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy Memorial Trophy, Steve Burks and Ovein of Doul showed the fastest qualifying time in the four kilometre pursuit Quartet.
Her time was 3:51.943
The world record, which was set up in London in 2012 is 3:51.659.
The first betting round and the finals will be held in the second half of the day today, where Wiggin will definitely focus.
Yesterday before qualifying journey he had disagreements with the Commissioner when the judges called him to measure his height.
The women's trip, which will continue and will end today, Laura Rovsel of the Trot, Ray Stankiewicz, Eleanor Šand of Barker and Katie Arčibald from the Milngavij set up a new record of 4:13.260.
The British delegation hopes that the British cycling team, hoping. fought their medals among the Olympic Games period.
Remembering the great and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone expects the same advances also in Rio.
Meanwhile, the backstage is gone, and the various accusations of sexism and harassment of respect, retreated to technical director Shane Saton and career ends well and Victoria Bendleton Hoj.
But at the velodrom pirmj races, feel that the UK as always reach the highest level in real time.
But the future of Portland becomes blurred because the ongoing ambitious Treaty.
Aluminum smelter and hundreds of its employees in Portland, Victoria in the future become blurred because its main customer the energy company announced the suspension of cooperation.
This statement is based on the Victorian Government plans to stop subsidizing the energy companies that are vital to the company can continue.
20 years of subsidies will be stopped in November.
Consequently, more than 2,000 Alko's Portland factory jobs are at risk.
At risk would be up to 2000 both direct and indirect jobs.
In addition, it will also be unpredictable side-effects because of but consume around 10 percent of all Victorian power supply.
2014 in Alcoa closed the "point Henry" but that led to the Anglesea power plant outage.
Alko in Portland but working with loss and could be shut down.
These events resulted in several years of speculation about the Australian dollar's rise in value and the cost of production of the factory.
Factory energy supplier "that deliver power" SET from my "A" power station Latroub Loy Yang's Valley, says that most likely also the other three owners will stop your contracts.
Most of the power plants owned by Alcoa "" and "" joint venture, Alumi additional parts of the company also owns the Chinese "CITIC" and "Maruben" the Japanese are holding companies. Corp.
"AGL" hope for continued operation of Portland, which would mean further energy supply but, "said the spokesman.
"AGL" said that the agreement is the so-called "risk of restrictive treaties", intended to come into force from November 2016.
Contracts is 12 months expired, so they will be in effect until 2017.
"AGL" plans to get revenue from these contracts also 2017. fiscal year, "said a company spokesman.
Starting from 2018. the fiscal year potential impact on earnings is limited by unfavourable market forecasts for electricity wholesale prices in the future.
"AGL" claim that their forecasts are already ierēķināj a loss 187 million dollars, provided that these contracts will be terminated.
"Alcoa" States that the decision to terminate the contract shall not affect "Alcoa" options but to continue operation or to supply it with power.
The U.S. company says that in 2010 it has an agreement with "Loy Yang" for 20 years, but in November it will be terminated. The company provided no explanation why it will stop.
Analysts have expressed concern both about the potential closure of Portland in Victoria, but both the factory closure Tomag near Newcastle upon Tyne, the weak economy of the sector.
"AGL" Executive Director Steven Mickelson last week said that after analysts estimated the Portland year 600 megawatts and spilled 900 megawatts of energy Tomag.
If both of these factories would leave the energy market, the significant reduction in energy demand.
And it would not be right.
Community legal centre every year 160 000 people rejected.
Each year, more than 160 000 people are rejected, in addition, the budget decreased, the situation could deteriorate.
Three of the five people in Queensland-mostly retirees, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the means to fight against illegal eviction, are denied free legal assistance and representation.
Community legal centre, which is already overloaded, warn that dropping the funding situation will only get worse.
From June the following year, these legal Center will receive about 30% less funding than before.
Queensland legal Center Director James Farel said that the latest national legal Center Association report says that currently, legal aid is denied to the thousands of people who need it.
Mr. Farel was pointed out, if this decision is not to be cancelled, then the situation will only get worse.
He also says: "the Queensland legal Center continually receives insufficient funding, this means that the assistance is refused thousands of people who need it."
People who try to end violent relationships, people with deep debts, families experiencing divorce, workers who are unfairly dismissed-all these people's legal problems, and this report shows that they don't get the help you need.
From June 2017, the Federal Government reduced funding by 30 percent, this means that several thousand of the population of Queensland will need to address their complex legal problems without assistance.
We call on the Attorney General and Queensland Senator George Brandis immediately stop funding cuts to the people who need legal aid, it could get.
Last year, the Government revealed its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average level.
Now it's time to pay attention to the local community and their customer needs and Palazčuk the Government to invest in this important sphere.
Donald Trump campaign sued, because one of the officers pulled out a firearm
New York: Donald Trump sued the organizers of the campaign in court because they have not acted upon information that the Nc operation Manager holding a firearm against an employee when they have driven one in February in the car.
This incident was described by the Court in an action filed in court Wednesday, Charlotte Vincent Bordin-former programmer for the campaign.
Bordin said he's been waiting for months, that will be launched this internal review of the case, but realized that it's not going to happen.
Manager Earl Phillips "pulled a gun, put his right index finger on the trigger and the barrel pointed in his knee," said Bordin in its complaint.
He also argues that the complaint submitted to the local and regional management of the campaign, yet Bordin learned that at least four people have experienced the same.
"Weapons should be fired, not to cause damage," says Bordin in your complaint.
Just two days before the filing of this case, the Republican party nominee for President caused a scandal by giving people that "the second amendment people", i.e. weapons owners and enthusiasts, could handle the case where the election defeat of his rival Hillary Clinton and his elected judges.
Trump campaign representatives stated that the media had plucked him out of context, and he had never been to kūdīj violence.
Bordin with your claim yet to have a compensation from the campaign organisers for negligent supervision, but from Phillips-on assault, illegal weapons use, and emotional stress.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hix did not immediately provide comment.
Failed to communicate with Phillips.
WCCB-Charlotte local news agency announces that Philip has recently left the campaign.
Just failed to reach his consulting firm "Innovative consulting services".
Republican party presidential candidate Donald Trump has implemented controversial election campaign.
The case against Bordin Campaign Committee "Donald j. Trump For President Inc." 16-CS-14300, General Court of Mecklenburg (Charlotte's) Supreme Court of Auditors.
New tradition-parish and sports holiday Ķūļciem.
On Saturday, for the first time Ķūļciem people were gathered on the parish and sporting holiday.
After ten years of celebration, this time it was decided that the Lake will no longer be a public holiday.
New page have now been parted.
The day began with sports competitions.
This time, the race was not the traditional ways and too serious to be taken because, for example, the darts were to throw the top target, boots flew, with a human left hand throw "bumbuļošan" no one at all in the games.
However, each participant is able to demonstrate as strong, brave, quick and resourceful he is.
After sports games are all gathered in the open-air stage, which began in the parish feast.
By that time also the "kids ' corner", which was broken into small inflatable attractions and get a new image of the face of grimētav.
The news, which could also become a tradition, was a parade where the vehicles went both tractors and motorcycles.
Ķūļciems parish all addressed the administrative driver's Inga Juniper-Skadiņ who said nice rest and dry weather, rain and yet right after, but he could not disturb much.
The Festival continued with the latest population ķūļciems welcome.
Really good that is complemented with the County of five little girls and one child.
With performances at the ķūļciemniek had come to the amatiermāksl collective from the Engure municipality-the audience loved seniors dance set "autumn rhythm", varied dance artist "Red" and the young dancer "gold pearls" performances.
And never mind that on the wet stage one had to slip.
Of course, local folks and visitors delight in famous actors gave the duo John Jarān and Dainis Porgant, who was a Skaidrīt of Mildiņ Nabiņ and Krāniņ as well as Bērzciem the attractive wife of a fisherman back "Ribs".
Ball played in the group "pavement".
Britain must maintain the Olympic spirit and to extend Heathrow.
Heathrow would not only enhance the prosperity and growth of the local regions and London, but also throughout the country.
This, in my opinion, makes it very attractive for Heathrow, just like in 2012 in London, where we invested a huge work, to all regions of the country would benefit from the Olympics.
Stratford and East end got extremely much of the Olympics.
And we'll do it again, providing local residents and companies with business opportunities not far from Heathrow.
Local communities one we'll make 10 000 new business opportunities, 40 000 new jobs and eventually will use the point youth unemployment in the Heathrow area.
Like the London Olympics in 2012, also this time will be the people who would think that this challenge is too great and that Heathrow expansion is too ambitious.
Back then people said that Britain never fail to prepare for the Olympics and that it will be a global failure.
Skeptics were wrong about 2012 and also the Heathrow case, they will not be true.
There are always obstacles that must be overcome, but Heathrow has so far overcome everything.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is the infrastructure project, which will benefit the entire community rather than individuals.
Enlargement is able to generate up to 180 000 new jobs, economic growth of 211 billion, creating employment, both the soil and the experience in the airport and throughout the UK.
Heathrow works great for a team that has produced 11 billion pounds worth of infrastructure investment programme within the time limit and budget starting with Terminal 5, which is five years from the site was named the best airport in the world and the Terminal to Terminal 2, which is built between two intense use of runways in the world.
Now they are ready to build a third runway, which will be funded with private investment of 16 billion pounds.
the 2012 London Olympic Games were a great success, and I am sure that this will also be the Heathrow expansion.
It's time to revive the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating new employment environment, with which the United Kingdom would be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton is Heathrow Board member and former Secretary of the economic Ministry's commercial.
In Switzerland a woman running up on the highway, trying to commit suicide.
The injured lay in the middle of the night on the road.
Police trying to find witnesses to the Thursday accident early in the morning on the highway she ran across several machines.
The accident happened Thursday shortly after midnight on the A1 road near the morgue in the city of Vo in Canton.
Canton police report vo States that desperately wants to commit suicide, she was was laid down on the road in the dark, where running him several machines.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, 49-year-old šveiciet, run over a number of machines, including the heavy machine.
She died on the scene.
Several of the drivers involved in the accident have already provided testimony and others involved have not yet been cleared, says police, calling to refer the driver involved in the accident and witnesses.
The case is that a criminal investigation was also initiated in this case is a logical step, Edition Le Tribune de Geneve said lawyer Gilles Hofsteller.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
Hofsteller adds: "It would learn the Prosecutor."
Two similar cases that have occurred in the last 5 years shows that none of the drivers will not be called to account.
In both cases, pedestrians in the middle of the night was out on the road, therefore, it was decided that drivers can predict that in the middle of the night on the highway will be pedestrian, says the newspaper.
Last year a policeman was acquitted of negligence in the killing when in august 2014, she pulled the man, who was lying in the middle of the night to the A1 road near Paijern.
The Court found that the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and later managed to fall asleep on the road.
The Court concluded that the officer, who was on his way to the accident site, driving conditions and in an appropriate manner the judge admitted that the sleeping man on the road was "totally unpredictable and extraordinary case".
Anyone who has information on the accident occurred Thursday near the morgue, is asked to contact the police by phone at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Online German captions new Manager competition ENVIRONMENT.
Petition site "Avaaz.org" started a new signature collection the State Revenue Service (SRS) in a managerial post in the contest.
The petition, which was addressed to the National Alliance (NA) and the Union of Greens and farmers (zzs) Ministers, noted that the public wants transparent and professional officers of the nomination process.
The petition was created august 10, and it is currently signed by 55 people.
The Director-General of the ENVIRONMENT Office of the Koļegov of the applicant At the nomination process is opaque and not professional.
It evokes the best Soviet functionaries tradition.
It discredited the Government and once again puts the public in the Government and will disappoint politiķo.
"Need a contest with clear criteria against which to evaluate all the candidates", reads the text of the petition.
Its author John b. indicated that the public is not aware of the criteria selected for the post of Koļegov.
Also, it is not clear, what are the intentions of the candidates work ENVIRONMENT.
The petition States that the Chancellor will use to create the new, open competition, which is actively addressing professional candidates, attached to personālatlas professionals and offer appropriate remuneration.
Financial Minister Dana Reizniec-oak last week formally raised the Koļegov Media Manager, this week, the Government was expected to confirm him in Office, but all the "unity" of the party Ministers voted against, therefore, the question of the week was postponed.
Samoylov: if lost, so I played bad.
Beach Volleyball in Alexander Samoilov and John Šmēdiņš hoped to award the Rio Olympics, however, is not on it, there is no difference where in the concluding race, after the withdrawal from the tournament was samoylov.
One of the world's most powerful beach volleyball pairs, sub-groups of the tournament final on Thursday and the crucial game with 1-2 (16:21, 22:20, 7:15) of Evandr Gonsalveš of the Brazilian lost to Oliveira and Pedro Solberg in Salgad, through your participation in the most important sport of the četrgad forum.
Three subgroups of Latvian athletes matches scored one victory, but the same ratio was even two pairs.
The following were counted in three pairs of mutual relation of small point that after this match in convincing loss suffered the worst was in the Latvian duo.
"We had control in the first set, but from the 16:15 it also stayed on 16 points", the game goes Šmēdiņš remembered.
Don't even know how that part of the remaining sets were without points.
It may not be played.
Then the second set was all wrong and Seth managed to break the top of the game, and it was supposed to be a good basis for the third sets well.
It started to look like, but after the parties swapped, grew only one result for the team.
We had too many mistakes in attack.
All commands in the subgroup had a similar, almost all the bouts were three sets, so important were the least points.
"Had to play more similar, not give up 3-4 points several times in a row," said the athlete.
Know that Evandr can be uzservē.
"The first set was over, the second with it let 1-2 points, but the third at + 4 if he went to the game," recalled Šmēdiņš.
We tried to show the best game.
At times, sometimes no.
The overall situation before the match without looking, but was known to have as many small points.
"If we lost, so I played badly", Samoilov was.
From the Evandr waited for a good serve, and with it the first games also coped pretty well, but the third opened his serve and it was hard to build the attack.
While I admit many mistaken directly to Pedro sõrve, but it had to cope.
Samoilov said that unlike the previous match today was not the athletes jittery.
"We played well, the defense was, however, needed to better serve reception", was an athlete.
"They played well and got to the end" attaboy ".
Immediately before the tournament said that the raffle is not comfortable in what could have been.
We had a chance to fight also for first place, but were not even out of the group.
"All of us waited for the Medal and also we are of ourselves, but then there is no difference anymore-25. place or fourth," said Samoilov, who predicted that the duo will continue to play together in the future.
Think the question will be, and will continue to play together, because this is just one tournament.
Samoilov in Rio de Janeiro was the third Olympic Games career, in Beijing in 2008, he started with Martin meadow, but four years ago in London playing with Ruslan to Sorokin.
Meanwhile, the Šmēdiņ was the second start Olympics.
"Latvenergo" following the gas market opening process from potential traders.
National energokompānij "latvenergo" following the opening of the gas market from the consumer, both the process and the potential trader positions, said company spokesman of the Bider Ivit.
"The decision on whether future" latvenergo "gas market will join as a merchant, will determine the model of the gas market and the legal framework will be created."
"Therefore, for its part, actively involved in creation and legislation, as well as submit for commenting their proposals", expressed the Bider.
Agency BN already wrote that the Ministry of Economic Affairs (AMA) in collaboration with the public service Commission and the energokompānij of the Latvian gas developed by the Cabinet of Ministers draft regulations "natural gas trade and the terms of service which will change the existing market of natural gas, from 2017 April 3, natural gas provides users with the right of freedom to choose natural gas trader.
While working at the new natural gas market regulation, EMU goal is natural gas sales to make this process as easy as possible and understandable to users.
So as an efficient and convenient service to the user solution selected for the "merchant model" the Centre ", in which all the activities in connection with the customer service provided by the merchant-one contract, one Bill and one information security and customer service, the distribution system operator while leaving the natural gas distribution system technical issues.
A similar option is now being implemented in the electricity trade.
We remind you that household users for the gradual opening of the market-after 3 April 2017 they household users who want to choose another gas trader, may continue to receive natural gas from existing retailer on a regulated price, thus becoming the associated users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas to the associated users on regulated prices are set in the public trader", the Ministry informed.
In turn, business operators will have to choose a natural gas trader at which to switch to natural gas trade agreement.
To natural gas sales contract for a specific period of time the natural gas trading business operators will provide the current natural gas trader for the fixed price.
Cabinet of Ministers draft rules in detail in sections of the trader of natural gas, the system operator and user rights and responsibilities.
The rules determine the order in which the users and delivers natural gas to its natural gas supply systems for safe use requirements, merchants, traders, the public system, user and object owner gasified, the rights and obligations of the natural gas supply and use; the procedures to be taken in account for services received, interest on arrears, the procedure to change the traders and the users of natural gas supply in the event of supply disruptions; arrangements for the supply of natural gas for associated users provides the public traders.
Cooler morning since June, the sites temporarily raining.
Friday's dawn, the air temperature was around in Latvia is + 6 + 9 degrees, ... in two night in Mērsrags registered + 4.7 degrees, which is the lowest mark since June 14, shows the Latvian environment, geology and Meteorology Centre details.
Just over + 10 degrees air temperature night survived only in Liepāja.
The amount of clouds in the country as a whole is small, the sites temporarily raining, Kurzeme and Ziemeļvidzem stronger.
South wind blows slow.
Riga six morning air cooled to + 8 + 9 degrees, international airport to + 6 degrees.
The wind blows South, South-East 3-5 metres per second.
The maximum air temperature on Thursday, Latvian Environmental Geology and Meteorology Centre's observation network was from + to + in Alūksne 15.2 degrees 19.9 degrees in Jelgava.
Friday the Sun we apply with the clouds.
Friday in Latvia will be relatively sunny, Cumulus sites bring a temporary thing.
Dominated by moderate Western wind, the air gets hot to + 17 ... + 20 degrees.
In Riga a cloud sites can bring a little temporary thing, the sun warms the air and + 19 degrees.
Weather determines the anticiklon node, the atmospheric pressure is 761-764 millimetres of mercury at sea level.
The highest air temperature in Europe on august 11 was + 38. + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The lower the temperature at night on Friday-3-8 degrees in the mountains of Northern and Central Europe.
Budget Boulevard hold drunken and armed man.
National Police (GSP) Budget Boulevard Friday seized the drunken and armed man told the NRA spokeswoman Gita Gžibovsk.
GSP has received information that the pa Budget Boulevard walk inadequate man who is armed with a weapon and looks very much intoxicated.
Crew that went to the call, suffered a car accident, and the man detained another crew.
At the tipsy men found gas weapon.
Already reported that on Friday, dashing to the call center of Riga have national police (SMP) machine.
The accident occurred when going to a category A call or go to prevent a situation in which is a threat to human health or life.
However, Baron and mill street corner clash took place with a passenger car.
Minister: next week planned to judge the remuneration of the Director-General of the ENVIRONMENT.
Financial Minister Dana Reizniec-oak (Greens and farmers Union (zzs)) plan next week with Prime Minister Maris Kučinsk (ZZ) and the Government's coalition partners to talk about State Revenue Service (SRS) the remuneration of the Director-General.
Reizniec-Oaks Friday to journalists pointed out that the question of the increase of the remuneration of the Director-General ENVIRONMENT must be addressed urgently to this post more attractive to potential tenderers in again.
Also, next week, be said about the conditions of the competition.
The Minister also stressed that she does not have a specific candidate to reach eligible to apply for vacant posts.
At the same time Reizniec-oak expressed the view that national environmental Service Manager Inga Koļegov would have been a good general ENVIRONMENT.
While the current ENVIRONMENT in relation to the duties of the head of the Dac, which gray expressed readiness to qualify for this position, the Minister repeatedly expressed the view that the new Director-General ENVIRONMENT should be "view from the edge" and it should not come from the ENVIRONMENT.
She also pointed out that waiting from vacation will return to Parliament as soon as possible to bring the law amendments needed for the reorganization of the ENVIRONMENT.
Agency BN has already said that the national environmental Service Manager Inga Koļegov Finance Minister Dan Reizniec-for Oak (NW) submitted a petition, in which reference your nomination to the post of Director General of the ENVIRONMENT.
She expressed in the submissions that it is not an easy choice, but in the last two weeks, her family had experienced serious emotional pressure, although not made any objectionable activities by law.
Koļegov also pointed out that her nomination discussion has increased conflict between the ruling coalition party, which is also not acceptable.
Reported also that the ENVIRONMENT of the previous General Director Inara Peterson left at the end of June.
Oil prices continue to climb; rising stock indexes in the U.S. and Europe, as well as the U.S. dollar value.
World oil prices continue to rise Friday morning, investor sentiment positively affecting the Saudi oil Minister's pronouncements, which reinforces the expectation that major oil main upcoming OPEC meeting in September would act to stabilize the world oil market.
The three major U.S. stock indexes Thursday reached record levels that had not been seen since 1999.
The main positive factor for the market was a rise in the price of oil and a number of large companies powerful financial figures.
Rising oil prices and strong financial performance of several companies on Thursday was the reason the European stock index rises.
The value of the US dollar Thursday rose against the euro, against the British pound and Japanese yen.
The New York stock exchange electronic trading WTI crude oil price-brand delivery in September increased by us $1.78 Thursday to 43.49 dollars per barrel.
"Brent" crude oil price-brand deliveries in October, the London Stock Exchange rose by $1.99 – up to 46.04 dollars per barrel.
Canning manufacturer's "Blue Lagoon" turnover last year, shrinking of 33.8%.
Canning manufacturer's "Blue Lagoon" turnover last year was 4.202 million euros which is about 33.8% in less than a year earlier, while the company's losses decreased to 5.7 times – 904.7 thousand euros, show database "Lursoft" published in the annual financial report.
The company's management report states that in 2015 the company worked with losses due to several reasons, including the permanent working capital shortages caused by the "UniCredit Bank" of the Baltic market, stopping the previously existing credit line, and leaving the "Blue Lagoon" with the contracts concluded without being able to execute them.
Consequently, the company had enough funds to buy cheaper raw materials in large quantities and receive a volume discount.
The respective bank's withdrawal from the market of Latvia also prevents companies from pursuing the European Union's structural funds support projects that would have allowed the plant to buy new equipment and modernize the production infrastructure.
Also, the company's financial year dehumidifiers creators had a negative effect on rising prices of raw materials and customers ' reluctance to pay more for the company produced items.
"Only in 2016 in the second half of July, customers said price changes and was ready to buy the goods on new-top-prices", indicates the company's management.
Like in 2015 "Blue Lagoon" began discussions with potential investors, including the company's movable and immovable property valuation.
Investors already have been at the company's largest creditor, "UniCredit Leasing", which the parties are cognizant and had the potential of investment plans.
While the company's operating and development positively influenced by 2014 and in 2015 start restructuring and optimization plan in life.
This plan itself included the technological process improvement and optimization, which enables you to achieve greater productivity and production capacity.
"It was purchased more equipment, resulting in greater speed of production", stated the company's management.
"Blue Lagoon" management notes that the purchased equipment will enable the 2016 in the company's plant in the exercise of such orders that it was not yet possible.
The first production batch, which will be produced on this equipment, will be ready in august.
Whereas it has already signed the letter of intent for the sale of the product, everything produced will be sold under the letter of intent.
The new product will increase the turnover of about 300 thousand euros a month ", indicates the company's management.
Also, the company in august 2016 plans to sign a cooperation agreement for the production of fish supplies to Iraq.
"Blue Lagoon" 2016 has sent the first experimental container to Israel, expanded market outlets to Cyprus and in September this year will sign a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the United States.
All of the above measures, the company plans to increase turnover.
2014 "Blue Lagoon" worked with 6.347 million Euro turnover and 5.113 million euro loss.
"Blue Lagoon" was founded in 1997 and its capital is 1.156 million euro.
The company is owned by two private individuals in Latvia-Mikhail (89.11%) and Kaidanov for Igor Širšon (10.89%) for.
Welcome to the FA. 15 at the Museum of the cinema Diva expected Saar Leander and participate in a press conference.
Riga can be seen in the cinema Diva dievināt Saar of Leander's career and the inspiration for the city.
Lender's partisan Saar at aunt Ruth, who was a Swedish Ambassador in Latvia, Riga in 1924 turned weird, because she found the woman of the Saar Leander unusual low kontralt, which she debuted at the Riga iemēģināj Cabaret Theater scene.
Maybe just in random coincidence, Riga became the fatal turn creative in the Saar against the world fame.
Riga to Leander to do with Saar warm memories, and she hoped to come to Riga, but unfortunately these through hope was not to be filled, because the second world war began.
Using the show form, this meeting will be a celebration of Riga may 2016 and outstanding role in the Saar Leander to great iejutīs Judy Kerēvic.
Aglona neighborhood certainly broad traffic restrictions.
To ensure that the Blessed Virgin Mary into heaven holiday Member reception security, starting from this august 12, noon. 17.00 till 15 august at. 18.00 will be closed in truck tranzītsatiksm over several state roads aglona neighborhood, State VAS informed the Latvian roads.
The Festival participants and aglona public transport these restrictions do not apply.
Note that the road Krāslava-Preiļi-P62 Madona from Krāslava to Krāslava station (0.80-4.00. km) takes place and the works site of aglona feasts will be able to cross the only public transport and pedestrians.
Other road traffic participants will be provided along the slip road-scheme in the attached file.
Traditionally these festivities comes great numbers of participants, including the pilgrims.
Therefore, motorists need to be especially careful because of different road routes toward Aglona will be intense pedestrian movement.
Invite drivers to treat traffic limitations, introduced to comply with the traffic arrangements of the Organization, as well as with possible longer travelling time.
The temperature of the water in all the bodies sank below + 20 degrees.
With the cool weather will continue water temperature decrease, and at present all rivers and lakes, as well as in the sea it is below + 20 degrees, a Latvian environment, shows of geology and Meteorology Centre details.
Sea water cooled to + 16 + 18 degrees, the Riga Bay on the West Coast the wind affects the temperature of the water in places sank to + 13 degrees, in moments That to + 9 degrees.
The river Lielupe and the Daugava River, as well as the Great Lakes were the water temperature is + 18 + 20 degrees, ... in other bodies + 19 degrees 14. +.
A year ago the temperature of the water in the rivers and lakes in places reached 12 august + 24 + 25 degrees ..., Riga Bay on the South Coast were up + 22 degrees warm water.
Close to the border of Latvia identified the Russian army airplane.
Close to the border of Latvia identified the Russian army airplane, the agency BNS learned in national armed forces.
NAF informs that Friday patruļlidmašīn above the neutral Baltic Sea waters at the Latvian territorial sea boundaries identified the Russian armed forces aircraft "IL-20".
The agency BNS vēstījus on several occasions, the Russian military aircraft and naval vessels at the borders of Latvia are found regularly.
The entertainment park in England happened in the sexual assault of two children.
England's city of Berkšīr police are looking for the attacker, who the entertainment park "Legoland" sexually used two six-year-old girls, says "the Daily Mail".
The police asked the parents to explore the entertainment park take photos because they may see the attacker.
The girl's parents told him about what happened.
The man was not known, girls white skin color and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists occupy German public service broadcasting building.
the 30-strong Kurdish group Thursday night took the public broadcasters WDR buildings in Düsseldorf, which held almost two hours of protests, reported the German police.
The demonstrators, who came to check out the posters, chanted various slogans, trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
Officials say that the demo has been generally peaceful and the protesters at the request of the employees of the building eventually voluntarily left.
The insurer pays compensation Wednesday canceled flight at the airport for passengers.
If the insurance has paid for travel insurance claims, a family on Wednesday, august 10 at the airport "Riga" cancelled flight which had to abandon the proposed Music Festival visit.
on august 11 If insurance from which client application for reimbursement was received.
The family was planning to go to a music festival in Belgium, but as the airport canceled flights Wednesday because it was not possible, the customer was calculated on the consideration for the accommodation reservation you could not cancel, as well as for festival tickets purchased 204 euros.
Turn on airplane tickets money spent has promised to pay customers the airlines.
IFA insurance from all the travel insurance benefits an average of 15% is paid compensation for the suspension or cancellation of the trip.
"Those times are reimbursed expenses for ticket purchase, return, or Exchange, as well as for the accommodation reservation", telling People the risk of insurance If the insurance product manager of Rutk Dagnij.
As is known, on the evening of august 10 at the airport "Riga" runway stopped due to technical problems of the private plane, so just cancelled a number of flights departing, but several incoming flights had to be diverted to the other airports.
Neighborhood repair man is due to the broken ceiling and forced to leave the home.
LTV broadcast "4. Studio" said Dmitry Saidjašev, who was a neighbor started major repairs in your apartment, and since then Dmitri of ceiling plaster crumbles and there is no certainty that the stay in the apartment is safe.
The problem is that my neighbors made arbitrary and in my apartment building's damaged ceiling.
Then I informed the House of the Riga būvvald, Manager, and other organizations.
Būvvald said that we are not any of the operational service and we do not have any expert.
"The apartment owner should go in the Latvian Union of engineers, and from there will be one expert", Dmitry.
Expert guest arrived, records the incident and said that the Division was not in satisfactory condition.
But since the first application in būvvald Dmitry a month, and until the beginning of this week it also nobody could answer, or location the apartment is not life threatening.
Būvvald said any legislation,-wait, if you're not pleased, write all in a row.
"Then wrote to Riga City Council, but they transferred the House Manager, the House Manager again to būvvald, and then there is a dead end", says Dmitry.
After all the paper pile examination it is clear that the works are suspended, although occasionally you can hear that someone working there.
Two more months to carry out inspection and six months apartment owner who made repairs, all these defects must be eliminated.
The independent expert opinion has developed, but būvvald it feels incomplete and superficial.
The expert has indicated, or is affected in this design the existing load-bearing metal režģojum, so there is no certainty that the lower apartment owner are hazards.
"So we've requested additional explanations from the experts", tells the story of the city of Riga būvvald spokeswoman Ilze Žūk.
Despite the prohibition to make any repairs to the upper apartment from there ever hear that the construction will continue.
The penalty for an arbitrary construction without building permits are from 70 to 700 euros, but in the particular case the punishment can be much more severe.
While waiting for the opinion of an expert, the būvvald made the decision that the two apartments may not be operating and the works-and Dmitri's flat.
"This has not been the practice of the būvvald case in this way, your ignorance or simple reluctance due to the population, might be caused by hazards not only your property, but also lower the property's owner, as a result, the owner can not operate my property", says būvvald's agent.
Now to look for the other residues of Dmitri place to live – relatives, friends, hotel or to rent another apartment.
But losses to Dmitri incurred can strive to recover from a neighbor's civil, which both can take a very long time.
Due to the construction of arbitrary both apartments stay, is currently prohibited to civil engineer will give his testimony, and it may have to wait up to three weeks.
Losses incurred will be borne by the owner of the apartment where the repairs have taken place.
This apartment of the owner because of the būvvald not consider, also threatened imprisonment of up to six months.
Guess what!
As the Cub in this picture?
Correct answer-five.
Demidov Zoo in Ukraine near Kiev born five white Cubs.
Everyone feels good and sometimes hisses at the total, despite the fact that the babies are fed.
The former sanatorium into a ķemeri five star hotels will cost 22 million euros.
The former sanatorium into a ķemeri five star hotel "Park Hotel Majori" cost of 22 million euros, the Agency LETS the story emerging hotels managers Ltd. "Park Hotel" Majori spokeswoman Gita Želv.
The hotel is the first of the former sanatorium ķemeri reconstruction phase.
The second phase will be a "wellness" or wellness clinic, which planned to reveal in the year 2022, while the hotel's opening scheduled for 2018 may.
Želv notes that the exact cost of the clinic is currently not yet known.
But she noted that it will be the former ķemeri resort medical centres building that has approximately 12 000 square meters.
The clinic will be located three floors.
Park Hotel "Majori" and the owner of the proposed clinic is the International Fund "(G) Capital Europe, which invests in European assets.
"(G) Capital Europe" owners have more investors who put money in this Fund Želv.
As said previously, "G Capital Europe," Chief Executive George Jones, the former resort medical centres planned to invest in the creation of 12 to 15 million in total investment exceeds 30 million euros.
Vilks that the heritage park restoration more than 42 hectares in area, siding and street stage, an interactive natural tourism object construction, regional planning and parking lot construction work Emil Garden Street, which promote the Jurmala City socio-economic development and the increase in the number of tourists, Jūrmala City Council plans to raise from the European Union funds for 14.5 million euro, participating with the three to four million euros.
Up to the year 2017. the Center for design work, but works and marshalling work begins next autumn.
As reported, the historic sanatorium complex "ķemeri" planned to build a five-star hotel "Park Hotel Majori" and "wellness" or wellness clinic.
However, reconstruction dragged on.
While the review in late 2010. it was alleged that the "Ominas" regularly communicate with hotel operator "Kempinski", which continues to provide daily technical control in the Kemeri sanatorium "" ", and in 2011 will certainly be" completed ķemeri "future hotel" reconstruction "and sākšot immediately to preparations" Kempinski Hotels "chain.
2014 October their willingness to buy insolvent "Ominas" owned the inggris ķemeri sanatorium belongings set auction confirmed Kemeri Park Hotel ", but a month later the auction was found to have occurred not because the winner was not paid within the time limit set for the purchase.
The sales price was determined according to the last auction for the initial non-2.86 million euros.
As the Agency LETA informed the City Council spokeswoman Judy aisle, municipality, by signing the Protocol, confirmed that the European Union's structural funds co-financing support to arrange the fitting of the infrastructures-will restore the historic park, will create ķemeri interactive natural tourism object sorts the roads and parking lots.
The President administers the Antonenko opera singer of the three star order.
President Susan vējonis next week, 16 august, presenting a three star order of class III to Alexander Antonenko opera singer, show the President's agenda.
Of the three star order ceremony will take place in the House of the blackheads at 13.
As the Latvian National Opera and Ballet (LNOB) the information provided, Antonenko in 1998 graduated from Joseph a teacher Klements Medinysh Music College, who studied at the pūšaminstrument game and mastered singing at Margarita Gruzdev.
Joseph studied at the Music Academy of Latvia vocal section of Paul Lusts class.
Turn in 1997, started to sing in Latvian National Opera choir, but in 1998 he debuted with 1989 G.F. Handel's Opera the role "Alčīn".
Received the "great music Award 2003" for the vocal performance of the opera performances and the Verdi Requiem.
Indicated that the 2004 season/2005.gada become internationally respected the Latvian tenor, which the major world Opera angaž.
Since the autumn of 2004, he sings "Deutsche Oper am Rhein Düsseldorf", Berlin and Graz Opera, Semperoper in Dresden "," Oslo and Stockholm's Royal Opera, Covent Garden in London, Monte Carlo Opera, the Opera, the Vienna State Opera, as well as in Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf Opera and the Salzburg Festival.
Antonenko in 2009 with great success the Metropolitan Opera debut in the role of the Prince in "Mermaid".
While the 2011 Antonenko Riccardo Muti and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, sang the title role in Othello at the Paris Opera, Covent Garden Opera, he sang "wrap" Luigi jauniestudējum, as well as in Stockholm took part in a staged "Christoph Loja girl from the West".
A year later, Antonenko with great success singing the role of Othello in London Covent Garden Opera.
Former NATO commander Brīdlov e-mail uzlauzuš the Russian hackers.
Hackers who crack the U.S. Democrat National Committee (DNC) computers may have made several other cyber attacks, also NATO's European forces uzlauzuš the former Commander Philip Brīdlov email and George Soros ' Open Society Institute "servers, Thursday told the business news agency" Bloomberg ".
Hackers get information website "DCLeaks.com" published.
Among others, there is also a list of the loaded Brīdlov and news about the Soros Institute.
Institute of computer hackers have been available for a year.
According to "Bloomberg" news of these cyber attacks done the same with Russian specdienest-related hacks, which uzlauzuš to the DNC emails.
The newspaper "the Wall Street Journal" while reporting that us President Barack Obama's administration is currently examining the issue of new sanctions Russia, this response to the DNC a computer hacking.
To implement the sanctions, the Administration will be officially Cyber in the Democratic Party to accuse Russia of servers or the Russian authorities supported the hacker.
As reported, the Web site "Wikileaks" released in July, approximately 20 000 e-mail letter, which was obtained from the DNC a computer system, from which one might expect that democratic party leaders have tried to harm the party candidates Hillary Clinton's former rival of Vermont senator Sanders of the Bērnij campaign in the battle for the Democratic nomination for the presidential election starts.
As reported in the U.S. press sources, Federal Bureau of investigation, which conducted the investigation of server hacking of Democrats, as well as other U.S. specdienest believe that Russia's relationship with the Cyber is almost unquestionable.
McCartney: Yoko Ono presence posed a threat to "the Beatles".
Paul McCartney said that Yoko Ono's presence led to the legendary group "the Beatles" a sense of danger.
74-year-old rokzvaigzn currently maintains a "good" relationship with the late John Lennon's widow, but when she went to visit the Group recording studio, McCartney she frightened because One had the only female team member-George Harrison, Ringo Starr, Lennon and Mccartney-.
When the singer was asked about them, he "Rolling Stone" magazine said: "they are really good."
We at that time felt threatened.
While we recorded, she sat on the amplifier.
Most of the group it could not endure.
We could do that, but not very successfully, because we were very tense.
Were not sexist, but the girls usually didn't come to the recording studio, they allowed us to run.
When John began to meet with Yoko, she sat in the control room, but our four.
The rattler's "Yellow Submarine" author also acknowledged that the now regular contact with former members of the Ring, and from time to time approved by the recording studio "Apple" work plans, but all sorts of otherwise "the Beatles" is "finished work".
Asked if he was still going out with another one still lives in the legendary rock band, McCartney Rolling Stone magazine said, "often not."
We meet up at parties and social events.
But I do not go to meetings, I feel slightly distanced from it.
I went from "Apple" a tough divorce.
His place on the meetings sent John Eastman and said: "tell me what everyone says because I can't stand sitting at his table".
It was too painful, as see your pet die.
The company is now working on it that I only listen to all tracks.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venus had once been habitable planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venus ever had a habitable planet.
NASA Goddard Institute of space studies, scientists have developed a model to explore the history of Venus, using the tools and algorithms, which are also used by climate scientists.
The model was developed to determine whether to Venus, which surface is hot, which is not water and atmosphere consists almost exclusively of carbon, have ever been earthy.
Scientists previously have raised speculation that the slow speed of rotation of the Venus is explained by a dense atmosphere.
Recent simulations show that Venus used to be thin, earthy atmosphere and it turned slowly.
The model also looks at Venus earlier topographies.
On the planet had more dry area than on the ground, but they had enough water and geographic diversity, to build a life and not to evaporate the water.
The early times of the Sun, Venus was about 30 percent brighter.
GIS simulation model of Venus spin model reveals that the light of day on it lasts for 2 months, the press release said GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
This process heats the planet's surface and cause rain, which in turn forms a thick cloud layers that act as umbrella, shielding the planet from solar heat.
Results in the temperate temperature, which in reality is a few degrees lower than the temperature on the earth today.
Model represents the history of Venus, which is similar to evolutionary theory, what your hypothesis will be developed by scientists.
Although it was once habitable, for several billion years, Venus has been exposed too much to heat and ultraviolet rays.
Its oceans are izgaroj, and burning ultraviolet rays vapor.
The water completely through evaporation, over only a thin carbon dioxide atmosphere with deadly greenhouse gas-Venus, as we know it today.
Scientists published a new Venus climate model results in the journal "Geophysical Research letters".
Patrick Roy will resign from the avalanche coaching post
On Thursday the Colorado Avalanche coach and Vice President of hockey operations Patrick Roy presented the resignation, citing as a reason for the insufficient effect of command decision making process.
Colorado Vice President and a year award Joe Sakic confirmed this news and informed that the Club will immediately begin the search for a new coach.
"In the last three years I'm energetic, dedicated and purposely performed his duties as head coach and Colorado Hockey Club Vice President of operations," their statement says the 50-year-old Roy.
This summer I have been much thought to how I could improve the team's performance, to give it the required brightness and achieve superior results.
To achieve this, the main coach and Vice President of hockey operations the visions must be fully coincides with the Organization's vision.
They must also be able to influence decisions relating to the team's performance.
At present, these conditions are not met.
Sakik, who hired Roy-23 May 2013, said Roy for his contribution to the team.
Sakik told Patrick of his decision he was informed today.
We appreciate all that he has done for the benefit of the Organization and wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the avalanche team in 2013-2014 Roy was considered the League's best coach and received the Jack Adams award.
He helped the club reach the 112 points and first place in the Central Division, but off the game in the first round of the Colorado team defeated the Minnesota hockey players. Since then, the Club has already reached two years off the games.
Avalanche closes 2015-2016 season with a score of 39-39-4 and stayed five points behind "Wild" commands, not winning the Western Conference Organizer second special invitation.
Hall of Fame goalie Roy his career won four Stanley Cups-two with the Montreal Canadiens and two with the avalanche.
North Sea oil platform workers resumed negotiations and postpone strike
Employee strikes on North Sea oil platform workers ' salary is deferred, as both parties to the dispute shall commence negotiations, says Chief negotiator.
Periodically against the oil processing company "Wood Group" is organised strikes on North Sea oil platforms that are running the company "Royal Dutch Shell".
Total communication States that "Wood Group" and "unite" and "RM" trade unions have agreed to resume talks on the dispute.
Subsequent weeks are for more full-day meeting, which will begin next week with the aim of beginning to reconsider the problematic issues.
Trade unions said that their recent actions, organized by more than 25 years, is directed against planned salary cuts of 30 percent.
The negative market pressures "Wood Group" this year reduced the salaries of workers in the North Sea about 9 percent.
If the 2014 company reduced the wages of workers on land by 10 percent.
The company explains that the additional salary cuts would allow the company to survive the market downturn.
While the "Shell" has already reduced the salaries of several thousand people and announced plans to stop oil and natural gas activities in 10 countries to optimize their work in preparation for a large-scale merger deal with British energy company BG Group "".
Energy companies feel the pressure of falling oil prices, and the situation is complicated by several British decision yet to leave the European Union.
At the beginning of the week the Scottish mp Dave Anderson met with workers ' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues-the North Sea strike plans.
He said that the North Sea is vital to the economy of the region.
In his message, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole need the economy to benefit from prisoner of all, rather than by individuals.
2016 the new North Sea projects is expected to invest nearly 1.4 billion dollars, compared with 7 billion dollars invested in the last five years.
Kepler-size star spin speed in the constellation Pleiades.
Later, Kepler telescope mission helped astronomers to gather the most complete catalog of stellar rotation speed in the constellation Pleiades.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in this constellation turns at different speeds, as well as the manner in which the stellar rotation rate applies to planet formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other constellations, we gain more information about the relationship between the mass of the stars and even the age of the solar system's history," a news release said the Caltech in Pasadena infrared process and analytical Center researcher Luisa Rebul.
Pleiades constellation located 445 light years away from Earth.
Many of the stars in the constellation only begin to rise, reaching approximately 125 million years old.
They come with a maximum speed of.
Spinning with a maximum speed of this rising stars emit copious amounts of stellar wind.
The winds come in the stellar magnetic field, they slow down the stars.
Stars ages, their speed decreases.
Kepler measured speed of rotation of the stars, setting the time between a recognizable star area, such as sunspot,.
Latest star speed catalog shows that larger stars rotate slower than smaller stars.
Rebul compares stars with dancing, larger stature of spin slower than performing the dancers little dancers.
Rebul tells that the Pleiades "ballet" shows that the slow rotating objects are larger and sturdier and faster rotating objects are very small stars.
Thanks to the Pleiades constellation located so close, it serves as a great laboratory of space where you can compare the characteristics of stars with speed.
Rebul tells that the Pleiades constellation helps build theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, both older and younger stars.
We still have a lot to learn, how, when and why will slow down the speed of rotation of the stars and the full stop in the process.
Rebul and his colleagues detail presented the Pleiades star speed analysis of three new publications, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
