28-year-old gateway dead in San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year-old old man who has recently moved to San Francisco has died this week.
But the victim's brother says that he cannot imagine anyone who would like to do over his brother, saying that "his life was finally started to improve."
The Gulf found to be a supermarket in Westphily, who was found at Westphan supermarket, as a 28-year-old in San Francisco Galicia, said the San Francisco Court of Justice.
The San Francisco Police announced that his death was recognised as murder and is currently under investigation.
The victim, Luiss Galicia, told the San Francisco broadcaster ABC KGO that the Frenks had previously worked on the floor in Boston, but he was in the work of his dream in the "Sons & Daughters" in San Francisco six months ago.
The spokesman for the restaurant, Sons & Daughters, said that the news of his death was shocked and shocked by his death.
"We are a small team working as a salute family and we will miss him very much," said the spokesman.
In this difficult time, we are thinking with the French-friends and family.
Luiss Galicia tells us that the Frenks were overnight hostage, but the lives have finally improved.
"He went in a new apartment and met a girl," Luiss tells radio station KGO.
Luiss Galicia claims that I don't know who would like to go across his younger brother.
He was a good man with a broad heart.
"He always looked at his family by preparing a garage and ready half a day," Luiss Galicia said.
He never wanted to engage in disputes.
He was a brother who adapted the rest.
"In view of the world that has gone wrong, he was as a untreated diamond that spilled a day in a bright moment," he said.
Anyone who has information about what has happened is called for to call the SFPD Information telephone 415 to 4444.
New doctor strike: MEPs call for new protesters
The new doctor demands that his trade unions be brought to protest in the dispute over the new treaty.
The British Medical Association (LMA) is preparing to ask the Council to support more protests in early September.
The House believes that ministers have failed to remove doubts about the treaty.
In July, young doctors and medical students rejected the LMA contract.
58% of all members who voted in the vote voted against the contract.
On Thursday evening, the ambassador to Twitter, the member of the jak Council member, Eslow Makkorta, notes that the government continues to remain silent on this issue and therefore the contract offer is rejected.
She said: "In view of this, the offer of the jak vote resulted in a completely rejected contract and decided to request new formal discussions to discuss key issues."
In response to the government's silence, Mr jak today formally requested a meeting with the LMA Council to authorize the development of new contracts that will come into force in September.
The new doctors have been taking part in six strikes, including the first time in the history of NHS history.
After the vote, which rejected the Treaty conditions proposed by the LMA, the reintroduction of the Treaty, the retreat of the LMA, Dr Johan Malawana, the new doctor of the LMA.
Before meeting with 54 000 new doctors and medical students, he had said BMA members that the offer is good and will be adopted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Dean Hant informed the Chair that the treaty would be concluded with the England Medical Group.
Russia and Turkey: Excluded Alliance?
A gesture that ended the crisis.
Russia and Turkey met Tuesday to protect and declare eight months of the death and economic sanctions in the war.
However, Vladimir Putin has been impressed by Turkish leaders in the St Petersburg Palace, the impression that these partnerships are more necessary for Ankara.
However, both guards were.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked at the art and did not cause warm emotions, even considering his usual dismissal.
In contrast to Recep Tayyip Erdogan, at least five times notable Putin for his "expensive friend," according to the meeting.
I felt the number.
He promised that relations with Russia will not only improve until the pre-crisis level, but will become more ambitious.
The day the newspaper reported that Erdogan was taking the behaviour of it, as if nothing had happened.
I think his enthusiasm is a contradiction of the sentiments.
However, the starring of Putin shows that Russia's leader has not forgotten anything.
The first one he mentioned in his speech was the removal of Russian planes to the Syrian border.
Moscow reacted sharply at that time.
Putin accused Ankara of being drunk in Moscow's back.
The overarching was even more painful given that it came from a friend.
Restoring genuine confidence will be very difficult, perhaps impossible.
Since November, Russia's public position has changed.
Several months, governments controlled television spread aggressive accusations against Anwar.
Suddenly it was the turbulent that was blamed on all of them.
The most serious accusations were accusations that the Erdogan family has made profits from the illegal oil trade with Islamic State controlled Syrian part.
He himself denied that.
However, the main message of the St Petersburg meeting is that it is time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting was only held because Putin received an apologies of President Erdogan.
Russia could be perceived as a kind of victory.
Ankara benefits from peace reconciliation.
Firstly, Erdogan needs all possible friends after the failed coup last month in which they tried to cut them down.
The numerous terrorist attacks have also shaken his position.
Also, economic motives are also.
Russia's sanctions have caused fundamental losses, especially the ban on charterreisu, which usually provides a number of millions of Russian tourists from Turkey's peatlands each year.
The number of tourists fell by almost 90%.
Russian harvests and the chartercompany's relief to breathing when regular flights are restored.
They are hoping for a holiday printing season in the Mediterranean.
This week, public TV is expected to reduce the price of fruit and vegetables, as the import of fruit and vegetables is restored.
As cited by the local newspaper Vedemosti: "Tourists, tomatoes, we're."
But the visit was also other political motives from Moscow.
Ankara is angry to the West for the poor reaction to the coup d'état.
All of this can also be satisfied with the prolonged negotiations on accession negotiations between the EU and Putin, who are happy to use the situation that Turkey has alienated the West.
The Russian leader has undoubtedly gained additional points in Ankara's eyes, supporting its elected government after the coup d'état.
Take note of the fact that Moscow is well aware of this because it is deeply rooted in fear of the regime's change in the country.
The summit held in this luxury of the Baltic was given Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present a representative of the analysts, 'marginalised alliances', two countries that feel excluded from the West, combining forces.
However, despite the public show, there are still significant differences between the two countries.
The main disagreement concerns Syria where Russia is presenting itself as a peace media, but in fact Russia and Turkey support the opposite side.
After more than three hours of missed negotiations, without any delay, the two presidents announced during the press conference that they had not discussed this issue.
The President of Turkey has targeted the issues of the disagreement between the two countries, while President Putin wanted to emphasise them.
There is no clear consensus on how both countries could find a common language on Syria.
However, after months of openly hostile relations and potential disasters, when NATO member Turkey struck the Russian battleground, the situation has improved, because both leaders have at least resumed negotiations.
Scottish Royal Bank no longer available customers outside Scotland
The Iron Curtain will continue to be a role for the ICC, the Bank Executive Director said.
Outside the Scottish ICC, the ICC will no longer be available.
Ross McCreevan told BBC channel Scotland that the ICC brand was associated with banks ambitions on a global scale.
It has abandoned these ambitions, because eight years ago, the bank almost went bankrupt and required financial assistance.
Meanwhile, the brand of brands has used the ICC brand to protect other consumer financial brands.
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports sponsorship, starting with Sees Nations, and finally with Vimbldonas tennis champion Endia Mureu.
However, it is now decided to put other national brands into the fore.
Scottish UK Bank will be available to Scottish customers, but it will not be initialised.
All the FISK references, outside the main office and official list, will be replaced by Natalities, outside the main office and official list.
In the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, the brand The Ulster Bank is already used.
The aim of this is also to reduce the lower private financial brands, such as Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
McCreevan was interviewed during the trip with the clients and staff at Inverneschets.
He told BBC Scotland that "the ICC will become a brand of our investors and working with our staff, because we are now becoming more branded banks."
The bank itself became a global brand and the ICC became a global brand.
Now I say that we no longer have global ambition, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique in its industry and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
The ICC has already announced that "Six Nations sponsorship will not continue and involve various brands in the sponsorship of sport.
"The time has come to become a brand bank, because we have been asking ourselves for a long time as to become a better bank for their clients?"
Three years ago, it would have been very cynical if we had announced that we would be a super-bank for our clients and let us develop these brands.
However, thanks to the hard work and focusing on customer needs, not our own needs, we have obviously made a major change.
We can revive these brands again, so I think that now is the time.
Frenkium Death wins a 3-0 win for New Trade in Predilection
Deprivers are discord into the cheques, fighting their 3000th victory twice in the first races in New Trade.
Friday, the Indian Ocean won his 3000th victory in Britain's history, with a first place in New Trade.
He reached this in the battle for the second victory in these races, which took place in his home city, with the Predilection, which is a training of John Gosden.
The 45-year-old is the sixth jack who has reached the horizon of the result.
He has joined the Serb of Gordon Smitam, Mr Lesterz, and Villas Karsonam, who has joined the Serb.
The Trice champion, the Deavy Deaveses, who won the horse Ghayyar, said: "It is something special."
I am very moving because my family is here.
I am very pleased that this was happening in New Trade because I lived here for 30 years.
This is not a great race, it is not the Royal Carry, but a ordinary night with 20,000 people.
I feel easing and very grateful.
After the victory of the Deprivers and Predilection, the Death and Predilection are expected to be applauded and gavellar.
Two dried fats have reached the record - champion Ričard Jonathan and the career, Ser Antonijs Makkow, who has installed a number of record times in his career, fighting more than 4300 wins.
The winner of the Lesters Pigota, nine was winner in the career, and the winner of the 4493 victory.
The Frenkium is one of the best fathers of the modern and no surprise that he has made progress only that the real can achieve.
He is a strong and strong, but his tactics are separated from other dwelling people.
He is a fantastic representative, his enthusiasm and a charter for years attracting fanus to this sport.
A few weeks ago, I said in the race in the Epsomas, I said to the Frenchmen that he would have won 6000 victories if not only in the weekend and the big races.
However, it is true that the Frenkium has been regularly won for 30 years in the UK races.
He is a lifestyle that is perfectly fit for British races, and he is a brilliant jugging.
French-Deech noted this achievement with his firm mark - the flying nodgage.
From the finish wind to the plane, the Frenkium Deprivately has been the face of British horse races for twenty years.
This has been a full path.
He has won numerous great races, including the famous "excellent 7th," the "excellent 7th," and has been overlived by the aircraft accident and disqualification of the use of preparations.
Three years ago, he had difficulty returning after six months of disqualification, but he displayed his nature by challenging those who questioned him when returning to their best form.
And he could take part in the races for another time - Death has previously said that they would be happy to continue to compete at least 50 years old.
Russian President Putin dismissed administration Sergag Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has not immediately returned administration to Sergay Ivanov.
Ivanov has been in the face of Putin for many years.
The 6-year-old politician is now appointed as a Special Representative for the Natural and Transport Matters.
The Kremlin stated that Putin has decided to release Ivanov from the President of the Russian administration's administration ', without mentioning the reason.
He was guilty of his appointment as a deputy to the appointment of his deputy since 2012.
The 44 year-old has been blamed for the diplomat.
The blame was born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, graduated by the prestigious Moscow National International Institute of International Relations (MVSAI) and subsequently worked in the Tokyo Embassy.
As the Kremlin is reported, he was later chaired by the Presidency Protocol and the government's staff administration.
After appointing him, he said: 'Thank you for your confidence'.
I think that the main work of the administration is to support your work as President of the country by making laws and controlling your decision.
Putin told a Friday night that Ivanov himself wanted to leave the office and the recommendations were blamed as a substitute.
Are the smile sure?
This step has been confused by Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov is a sens and close to Vladimir Putin's ally and, like Putin, was working at the Soviet Security Service at the DK.
He was one of the most powerful men in Russia in this position.
In the public television service, the two men announced that Ivanov resigned from his own initiative.
But despite the cameras that are closed, rarely such an explanatory explanation is persuaded, particularly before parliamentary elections.
Is that the result of the fight for power?
Nobody knows this.
However, the official statement that the man considered to be the president suddenly wanted to become a leader of Russian environmental policy is being treated with a great deal of scepticism.
The Kremlin's website published in the published remarks Ivanov says Putin: "It is a fact that I asked me to entrust this difficult post in early 2012, perhaps to say, problematic, four years.
I have been working for this in four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He had previously been Prime Minister and Minister for Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former National Security Service employee, like Putin.
In late 1990, Putin led the Federal Security Service, which is the successor of the DK, Ivanov, who was the office of his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov for five people who are most trusted.
Ivanov was considered a potential candidate for Russian President Putin at the end of the second deadline, as Putin's re-election to a third term would be unconstitutional.
However, the President became another close to Putin's ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister and returned to the President after three years.
The emergence of a fish in a garden in the city of Banfia
Someone from Banfas asks for help to find out the circumstances that species have appeared in his garden in Banfia.
Kevin Beins thinks 75 fish could be sand in the sand who have been trapped with the watertight.
Mr Beina, who lives around 500 metres from the sea, was released by a fish video website Periscope, hoping that someone could know how these 5 centimetres have come to the garden of his garden.
The Vwinsferro-juncture: The bridge is now connected to Faifu.
Currently, the EUR 1.35 billion proposed project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Engineers have connected the northern part of the CZ salute crossings and viaduktu, which means that the bridge is now connected to Faifu.
The first of the four compounds is complete, which means that the construction of the bridge is approaching the end.
The Faifa bridge structure is 600 metres long and weighs 30 000 tonnes.
This consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel, 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
At present, the EUR 1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Economics Secretary Kashvili had today had a seat on the construction site and was one of the first to put the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historic moment in the construction of the Kwinsferle bridge."
In this project, we see a unviable engineering solution, where only the construction of this part of the construction is used for more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel.
Despite the huge size and size of the bridge, the connection of bridges and viadukta is an extremely delicate process, which requires a huge precision.
In general, more than 79% of the bridge has already been built and the last stage that will connect to Rositu today, which means that all parts of the bridge are ready to fall.
The fourth bridge project Director Michael Martins tells the story: "The first connection is a very important point for any bridge in the construction industry."
The first link of this fantastic project demonstrates the construction of higher class engineering.
After the last road phase and its connection with the support of the northern tort, we have postponed the northern road stage with the land part or the viaduktu.
This was done by pushing the northern border of the viadukta to the south 700 millimetres south.
It was a huge and at the same time a very delicate operation.
A huge figure is 222 metres long, weighing around 6000 tonnes and was caught around 3%.
Delicate, because the lag in both directions that worked with the team was just a few millimetres.
Fortunately, everything managed well.
Simona Basketball is acquiring gold in the exercise of gold in women.
Forgotten tension.
Forgotten concern.
Simone Baylsu is all untouched.
Dynamic lenses.
Without effort, the exercise is being executed on the bath.
Be unrealistic on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally the Olympic champions.
The 9-year-old American gyms won the gold medal on Thursday, with a full demonstration of the difference between themselves and the rest of the world on the Olympic scene.
Her total number of 62,198 was the head to be reopened for the silver medals and her team, the frequent result of the Alia Raismanes, the result of the winning medals of the Aliens Mustafinx.
Simona Barenka, US athlete Simona Barenka, took a exercise on the human rights of the Basketball sports in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Baylon became the fourth American to be a fourth American to win the title and the fifth best exercise, gradually strengthening the reputation as the best generation of his generation and perhaps the best exercise in the history of the exercise.
When the final result was announced, she was out of the tears, because the long road was in the past.
This achievement is a breakthrough in their conurbance to the incapable sportspeople like Michael Felps, who has picked up his sports at another level.
Baylon has been dominated by 15 medals in the world's world championships in the last three years, including 10 gold medals, with the combination of such excellent, precise and ambitious exercise that the 1984 Olympic champions Mole Lu Retone called him the best exercise she has ever seen ."
In Brazil, they were expecting a last test where she had to be largely trying to meet expectations that were put forward for him, not with other sportsmen.
She would be disappointed if I returned home in Springs, Texas without gold medals.
US athletics Simone Basketman (left) and Alija Raismane are surrounded by the gold and silver medal in the individual multi-fight game of the summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place on Thursday.
The first gold medal was won by the gold medal on Tuesday, making the Marta Karolji white ballott a special sample of the random coordinator.
Although Baylsa claims that there was no room for anything, but is not true in its long way to wet surface.
Part of her precarious movement containing her special acrostic transition is accompanied by Latin music, which perfectly would be in the street beside the Rio Olympics.
It is not a coincidence.
The girl whose old parents have been adopted when she was inferior and who was discovered by the third country of the Eimia Burmy mother in the sports boy where Broad Manes ternally took place, has now become a force to take account of the force.
She has not lost his battle for the summer and victory of the battle for the summer and the victory of the Basketball League.
Although the Mustafina two rotation in a few rounds were slightly under way, it was only an illusion.
The balance and free movement - the part of the race where Baylsa will defend his champions's title is still just before.
She was at the forefront of the result of 15.433 on the Basketch and strengthened the lead by the result of the 15 933 free movement.
Raismane pulled him a little while waiting for results that were only formality and his dispensers in tears when the dream she had ever entered his remarks in his remarks was filled.
Raismanes was the result of a small reprisals for four years of events when she shared a third place with Mustafinu, but lost the battle for the bronze medal.
This time, the captain of the 22, the old team, who is called the 'grandmother', was in a convincing leadership.
After the free movement, which was questioned about her return, she could devote the air kissing crowd.
Meanwhile, 19 years of the old Baylas's Twitter record, which she published this week, has already been completely different.
The 6-year-old Mahajs Brane-Brane-said "is living in Philadelphia.
The police said 6 years old the old boy was shot in Philadelphia, pointing out that it is already the second six-year-old who was shot in Philadelphia this week.
The child's parent Philadelphia news channel confirmed that it was Mahajs Branese.
Parents say that Braunis was shot several times, including in the circle, the legs, the rock and the wind, but was still at the consciousness when he was to hospital.
His grandmother Deloresa Melendeza tells television: "His small body was simply a lovely word."
I cannot believe that.
A boy in a critical state has been hospitalised and has already transferred several operations.
The family shall inform him that he will certainly recover.
He had to start to go the first class in the local primary school.
Braille is one of the four people shot in the town of Jammannna.
Three men were also shot: Two 29 years old and one 32 year-old man.
The channel of the two men is critical of the two victims, while the rest of the two victims are stable.
The channel says that the child was found in the front seat of the car in the near 29 years of critical condition.
The other two victims did not come from the car and the police are investigating whether someone was attacked.
The investigators told reporters in the case of a number of shots that were likely to be shot dead.
The shelves of the weapon found the chlorinated chips that belong to a different weapon.
It seems that it has been a long shot.
The chauls were found in both pedestrians.
"It seems to me that there were several armed shots who were active in the shooting," he said.
The damage was also caused by several homes and cars.
No one has yet been detained and reported that the police are examining the recordings of the observation cameras.
The shooting of the 6-year-old girl in the city of Westoukleina was hit by a police shooting in the shooting.
She is gradually getting away, but the police are still looking at the blame.
Why do we need Simone, Gabon and Laurija?
I call it a year for a series of women's Olympic light for several reasons.
Firstly, I have been on all the summer Olympic Games since 1984, and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, there are three mild athletes, Simona Baylsa, Gabon Duglasa and Lauria Hernandeza, who inspire many young girls.
People can be proud that the team also contains Alija Raismane, which is Jejiete and Medisona Kociana, who is a Catholic.
Finally, this team is indeed representative of America.
It has also strengthened the participation of black and Latin American athletes in this sport.
The best exercise in the last four years is the American.
Last year Simona and Gabon took 1 and 2 seats.
They are impressive results.
The Olympics in the Olympics were astonished by the Olympic champions and America could have been curtailed.
The world has now seen incredible exercise in the tripling of the triple World Cup, Simona Baylsa, Duglasa and Lauria Hernandeza, with unprecedented but meagre exercise.
Simona became the fourth American in a row that has won gold medals in the individual multi-fight women.
Her team, the frequent, Alija Raismane won the silver medal.
We have seen the best of this sport, but the situation in the rest of the country is completely different in the rest of the country.
Simona, Gabon and Lauria were entered the Olympic Games as Alija and Medison.
They are the Olympic Five, because the next Olympic exercise will only be four athletes, and this is the last year of the third Olympic Games, the last year of the third round of the European elections.
In fact, exercise is expensive sport by Vingroers, mainly training private in the private light clubs, and they maintain parents who pay for coaches, premises, travel, hotel, hotels and their families and other expenditure.
Most of these light clubs are located in urban areas that can afford this sport.
These clubs are running all their coaches in the athletes and are costly and a long investment in easy families.
Eimija BTourism, Simonon Bahamas, and Megija Hainia, the Laurian Hernandezas coach have been training for her sportspeople since the two girls started to work with the night.
We must ensure new girls inspired by Simone, Gabon and Lauria, cheaper exercise training.
I set my own light organisation for 20 years ago.
My organisation is in Harmony and we offer more than 15,000 cities (mainly black and Spanish) exercise training, free or low prices, we have also been training for national and international champions.
In September, we will open branches in Detroit (my home town) to ensure that local young people can get to know this excellent sport.
The CP develops forces, loop and body coordination, and also teach hard, discipline and ambition to aim.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success both at school and in work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to train in the light and it is fantastic.
It is very important for this sport to be done, especially for young girls.
This is a very exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Alija, Gabon and Medisona for the excellent demonstration of the 'Method Sresearcher' demonstration, with the Olympic Games gold medals and motivated numerous new, diverse girls, to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After Mr Drinsarer's rejection, the new doctors plan to take more strikes.
Ministers hoped to put an end to the dispute by reaching an agreement on the changes to the agreement with the British Medical Association, but rejected 58 percent of the 37 000 new doctors who took part in the vote.
In July, the Hant announced plans to conclude the treaty, indicating that the NHS is in a state of fragility and further delays will only damage workers and patients.
The first new doctors have already signed a new treaty, which provides for changes to the conditions for night changes and weekends to improve working conditions at an unstandard working hours.
Yesterday evening, Dr Eslow McCreevik, a spokeswoman for BMA new doctors, said that new doctors have still serious concerns about the proposed contract, especially that it will deepen the labour crisis and does not provide for all doctors equal conditions.
It has been left for eight weeks until the first new doctor will sign the new treaty, so progress has been made, because there is no time left.
The efforts of the BMA to resolve the problem have faced the government's reluctance to engage and sometimes remain completely silent.
This has happened despite the fact that last month, Mr Hant said that his doors were always open.
James Hantas must act immediately, stop iraction and cooperate with new doctors.
If he does not do it, the young doctors are ready to take new protests.
Over the last strike, more than 13 000 routine operations and 100 000 visits were postponed at the end of April, while nurses and advisers tried to replace doctors who had gone in the piceway.
Ministers hoped to put an end to the dispute by reaching an agreement on the changes to the agreement with the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants to raise the rate of work on week-day for 54 000 new doctors to which new contracts would be covered.
The chief executive of NHS Employment, Daniel Mortimer, called for new doctors to go to strike.
Mr Mortimera explains that strikes are not resolved, but only increasing pressure on busiest workers and worries, cause stress and hampering patients, carers and their families.
We have been talking about the new doctor committee over the last two months and have responded positively to their questions about the guardian and whistleblowers with the Ministry of Health and other institutions.
Employers hope that active cooperation on other important issues, such as staff placement, flexible training, additional training for those returning to the career break, training costs, mutual recognition of training programmes, the abandonment of training programmes and the gender pay inequalities in medicine, shows that employers, England's health education authorities and the Ministry of Health are seriously willing to implement the agreements concluded with BME in November, February and May.
Medicines for 2 pounds per day can reduce the risk of hearts.
Thousands of patients who have been hearted could be treated with medicines on 2 pounds a day, as the official representatives are recommending them more people and longer periods.
The Pretrecting medicines Ticagrelor reduce the rehearts of the human risk for people with consular diseases.
These medicines are already written for 12 months after a hearts, reducing the risk of repeated hearts.
The NHS represented the NICE's recommendation to use this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack, so that it is further reduced to the heart of cardiovascular problems.
However, the current NICE recompartment of the NHS is currently in the recompartment of 4 years after heart and the risk of cardiovascular risk.
Every year around 140 000 people in England are in heart and a quarter are experiencing a rehearse or insult.
The heart of the fugitive and insularity causes the heart of the fats in the heart of the fats, with the creation of dams.
If the dams are plugged, it may create thrombin by blocking blood flow to the heart and causing a hearts.
The same thing if thrombin separated from the blood wall is the result of the bloodshed and the blood access to the brain, causing infarch.
People who have been hearted are exposed to greater risk of rehearsion.
Ticagrelor, which is produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and which is traded by the name Brilique, reduces the risk of thrombin formation.
The new NICE guidelines, which were published today, are recommending people using 90 mg Ticagrelor 12 months and for three years, 60 mg twice a day total of aspirin.
The director of Nice Health Technology, Professor Kerola Longson explained: "Despite the fact that medicines are available to prevent repeated hearts, more than a quarter of people who have been hearted, experienced another hearts or insult, who have often serious consequences."
Fear of rehearting conscience can have a negative impact on the quality of human life.
Evidence shows that Ticagrelor combined with aspirin effectively reduces the risk of repeated heart and infart risks for people who have already experienced it once.
In the provisional way, we are pleased to see the treatment of thousands of people who are beneficiaries of treatment in the provisional ticking treatment with Ticagrelor.
In view of limited information on Ticagrelor efficiency and security, in particular the bleeding risk of using this medicinal product for more than three years, the draft guidelines shall not be compromised for more than this period.
Political correction culture promotes fraud during elections in Muslim communities
According to the management report, former mayor of the town of Tauerhamletas, Lutfurs Rahman, was dismissed as a result of corruption.
The government report reveals that the cultural landscape has resulted in a blind eye to large-scale fraud in Muslim communities.
Former government minister Ser Mulrik is criticising police, election supervisors and the city council that they ignore signs of fraud in the electoral process, because "there is a fear of ethnic and religious interests."
The former community secretary, who has now become a leader of the anti-corruption organisation, says that intimidation of voters for religious reasons is so widespread that police should be allowed to deploy guards at polling stations to protect intimidated voters.
He also recommends that the voters should demonstrate a identity document when they vote to prove their true identity.
Today, voters must only have the floor and address.
He even recommends that the vote be marked by a special tinkly, in order to prevent double voting.
The whistleblowers should also ensure greater protection, says Ser Buildik.
He considers that the press should be given greater access to Council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups.
He says' the aim is not only to prevent fraud in elections, but also to protect local authorities from wider corruption and fraud culture, which goes hand in hand with it '.
The report was commissioned by Dashingstrite after the scandal in connection with the city of Tauerhamletas.
Last year, the Special Election Court decided to lift the mayor of Lutfuru Rahmy from the mayors of the city mayors and illegal activities.
The Court found that Rahmans was cynically modified by the religious view of its Muslim community and silenced by his critics, accused of being raciined in racism and islamphobia.
"Rahmans led his election campaign with a position that the religious responsibility of the faith Muslim is to vote in favour.
Some 300 votes were falsified or questionable, as one person had voted several times.
Ser Eriks points out that there are signs of fraud across the country.
He said that fraud is particularly worrying in the voting by mail, where the oldest members of Muslim communities have forced others to vote for themselves.
Sir Michael recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including the show of a identity document, to clarify the identity of the person.
His report tells us that "evidence shows that vulnerable members of ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, are forced to vote in favour of candidates for the oldest candidates, especially in Bangladesh and Pakistan.
"There is concern that the areas of the area do not pay attention to these problems due to political correctness, as there could be ethnic and religious interests being violated."
Sir Kallas outlined 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system, which includes a ban on political activists from acting in a vote of votes to prevent the 'vote'.
The report, which is considered by the Method Meja, also calls for a more thorough examination of registration in order to prevent the use of voter lists in the area of fraud and benefits.
To consider the possibility of presenting a identity document before voting, to ask the electorate.
I would like to mark the votes with special tints to prevent double voting.
Systematically check the nationality of persons to verify that the person is entitled to vote.
To impose three years of application for automatic voting by postal.
Prohibit the political campaign players and activists in the voting process by mail and the election vicinity to be voted by post.
Ensure that the police mandate is seconded to polling stations.
Changes to the law to facilitate the prosecution of persons responsible for intimidation in accordance with the 1983 Human Rights Act.
To ban photos on polling stations.
Only English (except Wales) should be used to impose a claim in polling stations.
To reinforce training to ensure that the polling stations are to ensure that voters are going to the ballot box by one.
Sir, the Kashgar is criticising the metropolis police, expressing the lack of accusations that the case of Tauerhamletas is not charged.
He tells us: "The election court only disqualified Lufturu Rahmy and his representative on activities related to corruption and fraud."
He was overwhelmed by the guilty of criminal law evidence based on unrealistic evidence.
He also criticises the ineffective voters in the voter registration stations.
Sir Zurich said: "Last year's court decision is a wake-up call.
Our land is known as a parliament, but the worrying and hidden preoccupation of the frauds of elections and the pretending that fraud does not jeopardise this good reputation.
Premature cyclists - Keitas co-worker and other Rio Olympics
The 2016 Rio Olympic fans are clinging to the French cyclists Pauling Ferrich in Prevoteberg, which fans have admitted to the extremely similar Duchy of Cambridge.
But 24 years old, the old cycling is not the only sportsman who is fighting for gold in this summer, which, as media, is proud of his famous fellow opponents.
Therefore, the FEMAIL has been created by FEMAIL for the Rio Olympics and all the famous seeds that are currently visible in our screens, the FEMAIL has created a list of the Olympic Games that are quite like the Hollywood stars.
The hunt and the wool: The US lobby team Breot Elison, left with Leonardo Di Kaprio, the left-wing of the child's team.
Apart from the cyclists of the Kashed coin, many people on the Internet indicate that this logo could be superstar Leonardo Di Kaprio dwindling brother.
The US male lobby commander, Breaky Elison, was a storm on Twitter when photos were published where he was very similar to Voldiscourse.
The same sportsmen saw the storm on social media and acknowledged that they were compared with Leonardo Di Kaprio since childhood.
"I personally do not see a lot of similarity with the exception of the barman," Breidium told the Huffington Post.
"He is a marker, so I take it as a compliment."
This year, the most popular of the London Olympic Games are undoubtedly more popular: The coefficient coin between the British long-distance Gregu Ruterfordu and popular actor Name Patrik Harisu.
Russian light Alija Mustafina, thanks to its large, prosperous eyes, is compared with the American singer Glorija Estefanu.
On the issue of bathing, South Africa's ash, Mr Van der Burgs, has been compared to the "Jury" star Metjū Morison for several years.
The changes: This user has noticed that Ninean is the film 'inception' in the sportic version of the film.
The Senate's star Rafael Nadal and actor Joe Hartnetu, who have similar eyes and scrap, are the ancient stars of the ancient Knowledge.
The Russian silver medal, the ash of the son, the Efimova and actress Annaline McCreeve can be proud not only to the sun and blondly hair.
The harsh women: Football stars (left) in Houski Solo and the Sicher's "Samiferai Karpenterei," a similar form and eyes.
There is no one: One Twitter user was pleasant to know that others see the same similarity.
Theory: This user believes that there is probably reason why both looks so similar
Recently, a Twitter user was very happy to say that "other internet users agree that Houpa Solo and Jenifera Karpentere actually look identical."
The US football star and the Significant Skills Actress are so very similar to the face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons relate to Keria Voles John and her smile, which is almost identical to the actress Lauras Linnian smiddle, and the gold medal is proud of the first of the gold medals, the Danish Duglasa proud of the beautiful, broad smile that will co-lead the Thai star Gabrielas Unijona smiddle.
The CBC commentator apologise for his comment that the Chinese bathers were 'concluding as pigeon'.
The Ani Yanhas finite, the fourth place of the 4x200 m free style of the female, was called indignation storm CBC in the fourth place of the Ai Yanhas finite.
The Canadian channel CBC was forced to apologise, because one of the commentators said that he said that 14 years of Chinese bathing teams were "flying from the race that they were laughing alone" and 'the final as pigeon'.
Commenting on the fact that his microphone was excluded when the final vote was taken by the final vote on the agenda.
McCreevy, who was included in the CBC commentator's team to give comments to the comments, said "it's a small fourteen-year-old from China unable to keep her."
"Too, she was out of the race that it was laughing alone and ended as a pigeon."
Thank you very much.
The result of the second phase of the Chinese ash Ai Yanhana was 1: 57.79, it is 1.61 seconds cheaper than the result of Canadians Teilores Ruckas, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers across Canada have immediately responded to the Internet, because it was shocked to hear such tone and expressions.
The Emets McCreevy entered Twitter: "Is the direct CBC commentator just said that the 14 year-old ash from China did" ended up as pigs "???
I did not mind that they were still in the dark.
Ai Yanha from China 4x200m free style, the woman was named as the "Small Fourteenth anniversary from China that does not hold it."
Criticism of Bairon McDonus was quickly adopted, as many demanded explanations.
Twitter was unable to believe in hearing the non-sensitive comments of Bairon McDonusa.
Twitter: Sara Paradi wrote: "Oho, # ByronMacDonald.
We are all listening to the CBC and Canada representative and for the theatre.
Shortly after it, Skot Rasels, who was at that time at CBC live, apologised for the comments of the Main Donors, saying 'We are sorry that the comment on the result of the bathing was resumed in the same shadows'.
It was a failed choice of words and we regret that it was a matter of concern.
CBC apologised for more than 90 people who had responded to Twitter on this comment.
The colleague of the Main Rwanda, Skotam Raselam, had apologised to his place.
Then CBC included an apology of more than 90 Twitter users who complained about the comments of the Main.
The channel also quickly published an apology and a statement.
We are very sorry that the comments made were made and they came into the same era.
Yesterday we responded immediately and apologised to all the web viewers and followers on social media.
For clarification, the comments made by Bairona were expressed on the performance of the floors, not addressed to her personally.
However, they were unprofessionally and unsuccessfully chosen and Bairons very regrettable.
Thursday afternoon, McCreevy personally apologised in the right hall and tried to explain that he did not think that his comment would be perceived as a personal attack.
He said, "I would like to use a moment and apologise for a comment that I said yesterday after a female free style race."
I am talking about the bathing performance, not for him personally.
Needless to say, I did not intend to pay tribute and I really regret that it was happening.
Primark buyers shock a woman who shamelessly in the middle of the subway shop.
Buyers felt uncomfortable when the woman started to dress up to shop the timeline.
Even more aggravated the situation, she was in the process of making sure that they are getting them and then wool, forcing a bicycle back in the shelf.
She continued to look at the clothing in Folkestonne Bouverie Place in the shop and was in the shop for four more timelines.
Primark, at Bouverie Place in the Folkestona, place where the woman was subveying and then put it back on the shelf.
The mother of the two children, John David, was also in the shop, who tells us that the unknown woman was wearing his clothes and left the shop after the sublaundry was drunk, not the story.
She points out that people were unable to believe their eyes.
In the middle of the Safer shop, she took a prosperous subway, wool up its Zehelge and the timelines and the ground in the place.
She did not even try to find a more sensitive place where it is measured, she simply went to the ground.
Everyone looked at his discarding and apparently a woman, because she was simply putting it back on the shelf.
She measured another three bikes until she decided that she did not like to like and left the shop.
It was not to worry that he was worried about the fact that someone looked or would think about a man who bought it in his clothes.
Mrs David Yield (33 years) from Kent tells us: 'It's a bad idea that someone who has been bought by another person and then has not been washed'.
The incident took place Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs David Yard said: "I assume that shops in shops have taken out the clothes from shops in the shelves after her departure."
I cannot imagine that it could buy a new subway and to know that another woman has been in the course of it and then has not been washed.
Primark representative said that Mr Primark was known as an incident that took place on Tuesday 9 August.
The clothes have been removed from the shelves.
How to protect themselves from firearms using the shores of Maga
The world is dangerous but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer.
To find out how to protect ourselves from the attack on the gun with a firearm, we were pardon with the shook of Maga's supermeistance from New York Ron Mizraki.
Whether you are attacking you from the front or back, this video shows how to protect and take precedence over the attacker.
Mizraki points out if the attacker is attacking the back side, then the first has to go to see the attacker and avoid this trajectory from the attack.
Then the weapon must be shaped between its front hand and shoulder and make a situ in the face of the opposite elite.
Then the cake is followed by a cure by the circle and while the attacker is in a tight salmon, it should be removed by his weapon, to be a face with a weapon and a bed of the weapon, while continuing to draw the weapon against him.
If the attacker is approaching the front, the situation is similar - avoiding this single trajectory, a weapon and a loop of the evil that cannot be fired.
At the same time, pressure should be put on the weapon and take the bar to the opposite of the shake and finally take the weapon to the weapon and to resign to him.
Sounds difficult?
Nosboa video to see how it is doing this.
But you remember if you don't be a crazy Maga meister, then it is more safe to deprive the robber of their money.
The family of the Vandholders is demolishing the social house of Saltaas Kornvolas and is being thrown into the street.
The family of the Vandholders is pretending to be the place of residence on neighbouring terror, causing damage to the social home of 50,000.
Tanja Skeldona and her partner Signature Trebilwood were put in the property in Saltathis Kornvola because of the complaints that have been submitted to them.
When they were forced to be discharged from the property, the shocking housing service representatives found that the property was completely demolished.
The holes were thrown out and the holes were thrown down, the wastes and walls were filled with a grim.
The family is now being thrown out of property and is most likely to be owned by private ownership.
Donna Makevère, the Managing Service of the Kornvolas Housing Service, said there is a concern that housing will not be possible to restore.
She tells us that people who lived here have been extremely difficult and she believes people cannot live it.
In this case, there are several factors to be assessed, since in future, the special reputation of Cornvola will not be good.
This family is famous and the word is well known.
The move was three sons who have periodically maintained and police say that their terror was expressed as violence, exerting the streets of the street with beatings, intimidation of local people, drug use, drug sales and the death of loud breadging and lambs.
The 47 years old Skeldone, who has been property, sentenced to a fine in June on anti-social behaviour.
Waste sites found in several demolition houses.
A number of floor boards are also being loaded in a house where illicit drugs are sold in the past.
Neighbours say they have regularly landed on the streets and were constantly called police.
Kornvolas Housing Service ordered them from a property forced when they had 11 weeks to be voluntarily collected from the house.
Desperate neighbours were very happy about the preoccupation, because their lives were absolutely absolute.
One said: 'They were not the people of others'.
We lived in them for 20 years, it has always been fragile.
Incredible, as often, we have seen the police here.
We could not sleep this morning.
We woke up because we were so quiet here - we have not used it!
Now that they are finally away, it will be wonderful here.
Adams Fitzpatriks, who is the head of the Cornvolas Housing Service of the Kornvolas, said that the family had not worked with local security authorities.
The family has lived here for 20 years and here the police are called to be regularly called police.
The homes were found in various old and unused objects.
He also said: 'It is a very sad fact that the Irish did not show any responsibility for their behaviour because the exodus of the house is always the last step that the Kornvolas Housing Service'.
This was a very difficult case, because their behaviour was extreme and neighbouring in a very hard way to look at their behaviour.
I appreciate the work that the whole of my team, the Devón and Kornvolas, and the compartment, have invested in this case, who were bold and cooperated with us in providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will facilitate neighbouring life and show that anti-social behaviour is unacceptable.
Fitzpatrik said that all three sons were living here in different periods of time, but everyone was around 20 years old.
Dirty matrimony left on the floor in one of the two of the room.
Service workers will now have to meet the waste battle left in the house.
In 2014, the police were carrying out searches and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, weight, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldone has only been found guilty of storing B classes of drugs with the purpose of spreading them.
She insisted on the money that the money was made to mention her son Lie Sheeldonam, who died in the car accident in 2013.
After the pretending, it has become known that they are currently letting a private property in Plimuit.
Many homes were beaten in grafies.
The police say they will continue to impose on the Irish who violate their own rental contracts.
Andjela Crova, the head of the Ninth and Kornvolas police, notes that this exodus is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to breach the rules.
She also said that "This is a warning to those who believe that they may be chosen as willing and no consequences."
The police and Kronvola police are not acceptable to police and police continue to work with our partners to protect local communities.
Spending can give the economy momentum.
The company of the Acropolis LT, which manages the Acropolis Trade and entertainment centres in Vilnius, Kiev and Shaul, will be combated with the Acropolis Group group, inheriting all the commitments that have been made to the Acropolis LT partners and staff.
The Acropolis LT and the merger of the Acropolis Group are scheduled to be implemented by 1 October this year.
We are launching a new phase of development, which will be implemented at large-scale projects during which large-scale projects are implemented, so we are trying to simplify the structure of the company - this will allow the Acropolis LT and the Acropolis Group to create a more effective professional team.
We are now pursuing the largest Acropolis Development projects in the deck - the construction of the multifunctional trade centre Akropole's construction of the Riga and multifunctional site in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant.
"The structure of the new company will enable the Acropolis LT to be more effective in using the experience and competences of the Acropolis, successfully developing projects and operational decisions," the Saule Zabulionytė, member of the Acropolis Group, is the most effective way to make the most of the ."
The Acropolis Group is a group of companies managing property development, rental and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Several of the Bbee manufacture of furniture manufacturing company SIA Rauko was announced, according to a statement from the Office of the Monitoring Office.
The company of €89.5 thousands will purchase the plates.
It was supplied by SIA Lintera RIGA.
The company's 33 thousand company bought formal formulations, delivered by UAB Infleks.
The SIA Rauko bought phthesis to a shell.
It was EUR 15.6 thousand delivered to UAB Infleks.
In turn, the €32.6 thousand will cost the hydraulic hot press delivered by SIA Lintera RIGA.
Procurement is implemented through co-financing of the Rural Support Service.
Rauko is established in 2007.
The company has carried out more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
The Mayor of Cannes banned the bathing costing on the beach.
The mayor of the southern city of Cannes has banned the wearing of the bubbles of these cities, which almost completely cover the body of the woman and very much resign hydropower, the local officials said Thursday.
Lord Linar, Mayor of Cannes, has signed the order that "access to beach and bathing is banned for anyone who is not bathing and secularism" as the basic principle of the French Republic.
"Beaches, which are the most attractive in the face of religious affiliation when France and the cult of the sites are aimed at the purpose of terrorist attacks, can lead to a risk of public order (drug-breaking, collision, etc.), which is necessary to prevent," said the order.
"We are not talking about a ban on the valley-leaching of religious symbols, but about the extraordinarily inhabited clothing that involves confidence in the terrorist movements that we have had," explained the head of municipal utility in Tierie Migration.
He added that the bubbles were not seen since 28 July, when the right-wing Republican Party Lindsey signed this order and came into force.
This week, the aquatic town of Marseille lifted a planned private measure for Muslim women who would be dressed in the burkini bathing costing, because the outrage of such measures was expressed by the right-wing politicians of the left.
In France, it is prohibited to wear the face of the Muslim women's head, but it is not a religious symbol or a proper clothing.
On 14 July Cannes close to tourist resort in Nice attack held by the militant Group took responsibility for the'Islamic State', killed 85 people.
On 26 July, two attackers who had been fighting for the Islamic State, brutally murdered a priest in the church in the north-west of France.
Jysk last year grown an turnover of 5%
The "Jysk Linnen 'n furniture," said the "Jysk," the figure of a 5% turnover of €23.66 million, shows the information of Firmas.lv.
The company's turnover in 2014 was €22.57 million.
The company's profit also increased from 781 235 in 2014 to 785 896 last year.
The management report states that last year the company reconstructed in Riga, Slokas Street, the shops and closed shops in Riga, the Kurzeme prospectus.
This year, as in other years, the company's main task is to continue increasing both the turnover and the profits.
Meanwhile, the profits made last year would be left to be left unbundled.
"Jysk" is an international shop of shops offering goods to repair the home.
Jysk Linnen'n furniture was founded in 2001.
The company's capital is 3 500 264.
The company belongs to Iceland for a registered company "Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC."
The curve quoted the cake by simple - blinding with white maizi.
Eat straight after the but they will be the most remote.
Fish and white mailed in the meat.
The mast shall be accompanied by milk, salt, peppering and once again, or consciously.
The butter of the quote, then accompanied by butter, kept at room temperature, is closely trampled and comprised of medium-sized companies.
Kotletes then waved in rivocalisation.
The Pannar is the oil.
Kotletes is putting in the panels and the 10 to 15 minutes before the end of the rain, until they have gold brown.
It shall be provided while heating and measured by butter or a measure.
In Lucavisland, the festival has begun in Cuba.
Thursday, 11 August, the night Lucavisland was given to one of the last summer festivals - there will be a "Cuba" in Cuba until Sunday night.
The first evening of the group, the group of Enter Shikari, who was expected last year, was not my part, but the programme did not mantle the American panki "NOFX," DJ Maxim from the Group The Prodigy and others.
The programme also contains a valuable word in the next festival - "Guano ApI" and "Garbage," the legend of Ramón Ramón, Ramón Ramone, the Marky Ramone's BlitzRussig, Brutto & Lyapis, with Belarussian pancreas leader Sergei Mihaloku, the popular actor and singer Vahtangs Kikabu, the winner of the United Nations.
This is the second year of the festival in Kubana festival in Latvia.
Last year it suffered financial failure and huge losses, but it did not keep the organisers from re-trying - they added a spirit of name, including a Latvian group (19: 15 on Friday evening) and announced that the festival has now become "nearing and acquired the local colorian alongside Riga symbols as its panorthopaps and cats."
Or will it be justified by the efforts, yet premature tension, because the festival only ran into the festive but the number of people who have been seen as a result of the "Delfi entertainment," but the number of people who have been beaten by the first night, has not been able to be beaten and the number of visitors was similar to the last year.
The British tread team twice the Olympic record and can win the Olympic Games.
The British tread team twice made the Olympic record and won the season.
The first Olympic record in the UK has benefited from qualifications, but the race was first remarked by the newcomers.
The Grand Cup was met by the British team with New Zealand, and the British were relied by the new-winning Olympic record owners, leaving them with silver medals.
The team won the final game of 42,440 seconds, with a new record of 0.102 seconds.
The French team has been in the fight for the game.
I should add that the record was also good for the women's lives in the qualification of the world record, the UK team has already been the world record, which is now 4: 13.260.
President who remained in the shadow: Gustavan Zemgale 145.
On Friday 12 August, the day is 145 years since the second Latvian President Gustavan Zemgals was born.
The Latvian state has been proclaimed by the Latvian state, but the most undeserved the first President of Latvia's Grand Mufti and the first President of the first Latvian President Kārle Ulma,.
None of our statesmen have not so strongly defended democracy and the rule of law as the Lower of Luggernau, a decade ago by the Gustavam Lower Book of Arnolds Auz.
The House stresses that the earth is one of the real senior positions of the people who have been humble.
The other is always very correct.
He taught it, today it could be like the Raimonds Vejonis.
"He was a close to the people," Auzins said.
Today's politicians know the history, they referred to Kārli Ulmani as a good leader, but rarely knows how unhappy he was.
The only person in the government sitting on which he was not being banned has been the General White.
Even if he is a lazy and smile, he was hysterical, after nature.
"The earth with his humour and democracy is just as opposed to the impression," said Auzins.
Professor Aivars Stranga, professor of University of Latvia, and professor of philosopher, is in favour of Auza's assessment of the Earth's assessment of the Zemaste as a peaceful and weighed statesman.
He also notes that the Zemgals have been broken down by respect for minorities, regularly invited Jewish representatives to the President's pilots.
"At that time it was not the usual act, after the end of the Zemgale Presidency, Alberts Kviesis took over the tradition," the historian said.
He was a silent and weighed man who had long been to speak for President.
He himself did not, simply, is wet.
He also felt quite critically as the French language was not aware of the French language but considered that the President should certainly understand.
"During the Presidency, French foundations were taught to be," the Stranga said.
The Zemgals did not allow for a renegotiation of the stand, he did not really see the very high positions.
In all respects, he has been a very dignified personality in Latvia's history, before the presidential drop was serious - he was very demanding notaries.
The Zemgals led the famous Zemgalaxle Suvorova in 3, where the members of the crunch and the cream were in the hands of the Latvian state.
He was always progressive.
There was no great respect for Ulmav, but publicly not.
"In private negotiations, both sometimes, the fact that the activities of the Ulster are not sympathetic," Stranga said.
There was no suspicion of irregularities or corruption being lived in a peaceful life.
How does the Zemaste remember nowadays?
It is a pity, but a large part of him, he is associated with a street in Riga.
He was absolutely democratic, the views were centre-right.
"She did not have any major shocks at his time, namely he could be associated with a genuine stable Presidency," the Stranga said.
The Latvian state of Latvia, which was indirectly meant to be fully recognised in neighbouring countries and integration into the family of northern Europe, was also held in the Gustava Lower Presidency, from 1927 to 1930.
On 28 May 1929, the Zemgals came to the country's visit to Stockholm.
The Swedish King Gustava V answers Latvia on 29 June 1929.
The second Latvian President was born in 1871, but was in lifelong learning in January 1939.
Simply ways to help cope with angry seizures.
I am often confronted with the fact that the anger of the child, the indebtedness of the children is considered to be something wrong and not.
When the child is openly showing its anger, we do not know how to react, 'Econet' points to the psyche Jekaterina Kesa.
The specialist is encouraged to have a small number of negotiations on these so natural and human feelings, the anger and the niche that every one is going through.
Aggression - it is already a physical activity addressed against another person and it usually appears when we feel angry.
When we adults are angry, we are anxious, alarmed - generally we know what we are going to do and how to deal with it.
We can, in the face of their anger and niche seeds: To express, suppress, hide, to keep, to tell their friends or other relatives, we can be angry by the wings of the anger, to say cigarettes (it is not the best way to quash the kliedles!), go down with the end of the button and do other things that are usually not done.
We do not take our aggression against others because we know different ways of dealing with these emotions.
Children when they are looking at anger do not understand what they are going to name and how they live.
They can say 'go away', 'You are a fool', 'bad mammograms', 'I do not see you', 'I'm not going' - and very rarely when it is able to say: 'I'm angry.'
Children live in a literacy sense, they are completely here at this time, they are spontaneously and indeed in the face of their feelings, and often also in the face of various emotions.
It is very important that parents do not be banned from showing feelings, including anger, inject into it and not, but on the contrary, help the child.
Should you be asked in their relations?
A long day of work, in which everything has not been done as if you would like, or simply bad sentiment - there are so many reasons why I would like to see a moment, day or even more 'the key to' from all over the world.
Could we look at the moment, and I am going to breathe a little bit?
Do it show that each partner has its own path?
The various old parents share their views.
Janis (23) is short and concise: "I think that if you need a passport in the relationship, then you are not with the real people."
Meanwhile, Eduard (30) has revealed a scheme that can help someone can help anyone.
If you feel that a partner starts to fall to the nervous of each smaller detail, then surely - it is the time when other hunting fields should be studied to understand whether you do not have his lack of thought, or not, or even at all, they are no longer in their eyes.
So the answer is - yes, the stick of the paedophile can help to save time and understand how important you are the other half.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
I think that relations must be held on one another in the daily lives, because if you spend time with the people 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then disputes are inevitable.
They are caused by the fact that I am going to do any detail that the other is doing and it is starting to fall on the nervous.
People are starting to be nicely able to be nicely, especially if not even, if not, what you have done on the day.
My personal experience is making it think, so I have not passed the relationship for a few months, and so that it has not been treated.
If you think that it is better than others that you are going to know, then why is this woman who is together, deserves a thing that can think about that it is not enough and that the fields of the mountains are not enough.
Thinking alone is a small levy.
If not, there is no.
"I have a little bit of a fine, so I would not be a little bit of a fine."
Kārn (33) is almost entirely the opposite.
I think that all of us need a moment for a space.
You can't you every moment, all the time, from the morning to dinner in the eyes of one other eye and laughing for the love of the neo-loved love.
Attopies!
There are so many things - friends, work, ballots.
Everything is our time.
Of course, also, friendship or cheese, but if both are able to keep their balance between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the cemetery.
And only that.
Martin (27) said: "It is difficult to say - needs or not, may or should not be taken on it, but one thing is clear - the proposed by the proposed offender is not something missing."
If this is the case, then we must take account of any changes that will be changed - to good or bad side, depending on the same thing.
I think that while you are a new and trawl, it is a time to be done - something time, but when everything remains serious and relations are going to be a different phase, then the rest cannot be the rest of the speech.
You are deciding, however, to spend all our lives together!
"If you cannot now withstand one other society and once again need to breathe, then when you are retired, who commented on how the garlic cats are baking or dispersed on where the garden is better to be harmed," Kristaps (19).
All the words have changed.
With my enthusiastic and enthusiastic personality Rozenal was first wielding the Latin people's interest in imagination arts.
"He was the first love of the Latin people, as such will remain unforgettable," he wrote to Rome Suta, the Latvian gleaming Jani Rozenfar.
2016, 2016, the former Arts Museum in the main building of the former Latvian National Arts Museum is clear: Rozenal is the first love of the arts.
The exhibition was opened on 12 August, but from 13 August it is available to visitors and will be available until 30 October.
The Latvian National Arts Museum with a broad retrospection in the newly-opened Lieutenant in the Open Success of Lieutenant Jani Rozenfar (1866 / 1916), which is the world's fiftieth birthday, is included in the calendar day of UNESCO.
A retrospective exhibition, which is looking at more than 150 jobs, is one of the central events of the annual programme of Jado Rozenal.
The works of art are largely built from the National Arts Museum, which is convincing representative of the main stages and gences of the creative activity and the genital variability and technique diversity.
In addition to used eksponāti from Akseli Gallena - Kallelas museum, museum, Liepaja Tukuma museum, museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The presence of a century is reviving the presence of photos, exhibitions mobile apps reveal the name of some art, with photographs of the painting of the creative creator with his own photocopies.
The Finnish Latvian Friendship Society Rozenal, the Latvian National Arts Museum, is at the same time offering a small informative road exhibition "Ar sees in Finland, with the heart of Latvia."
A similar exposure to the content of English, Finnish and Swedes will be opened in autumn in Helsinki in autumn.
Miss Leblanks looks forward to the return of the chauchine TopGar.
The head of the TV broadcast "TopGear" (Gate TopGus) said that he was looking forward to returning the car in the second season, but I have seen that you do not know what the future is expecting.
There is nothing official for the time being.
"If you are, I will announce it," Leblanks told the television critic.
"The future of the Gate," said the future of the "Gavarmist on the floor," said in July when Leblanka, Chris Evani, announced that he had been told that he had been sent out of the programme.
After the departure, Evanx admitted that Leblanks and the Gate floor have been "created as one another."
The star of the former serial 'Friends' ("Friends") star describes the stars as a "real and Russian husband," thus causing rumours that the two twinning was confused during filing.
When Leblankm asked who he is most like in the chauchy, he replied that travelling to other countries, for example, to South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
The BBC tells us that the new 24 season does not intend to replace Evansu.
Kalhe: Meldona could take the list of substances banned this year from sportspeople.
The EU's Mildronate's black list is expected to be excluded from the list of banned substances in Latvia, Friday morning, the director of the Latvian Organic synthesis Institute, academics, Ivars Kalhe, said on Friday.
He told the House that he would travel to Canada in September to discuss the issue of black women with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scientist expressed hope that Mildronates will take the list this year.
In Siguld, two bicycles were taken to hospital after the clashes.
Siguld, Switzerland, has been confronted by two bicycles, with various injuries, according to the State Police.
In the case of men who have been both taken to the medical institution, the men were born in 1987 and 1990.
The bicycles have also been fallen in the fall.
In 1989, a man was born in 1945 in 1945 and taken care of medical care.
In the case of Dobeles, Naudtes, the motorcyclist in 1989 has tried to avoid the dog and went off the road.
He was in hospital too.
The latest, in the last few days, the EU has been in the final day of the EU's "European Year of Intercultural Dialogue."
In some places, it will become a storm.
Latvia is also expected to be in some places in Latvia, and will become a degree of short-term gratitude, the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre said.
The places may be made available by a dozen.
According to the forecasts, the rain is mainly expected in Kurzeme and the Middle East.
The maximum temperature will be limited to 16, + 19 degrees.
The day is not rainfall and mostly sun.
However, the air will not be warmer by + 18 degrees.
The US models of business have benefited from his interpretation of the perversal of the glaring glossal glance and the intolerability of the horror.
Essentially, a very provocative, sophisticated and bankly balanced work, which is difficult to shift the border lines between European art house films and Hollywood genes as a product area.
The film with Vigo Mortensen is highlighting the question of whether the concept of living models selected by parents (ecological, vegetarian, alternative and disorderly from the glimm and values of the consumption) is blending or destructive for their children.
The father of six children after his wife is confronted with questions about the accuracy and real values of choice.
The film is a "moving" film, a film that has won the Cannes festival award for the Cannes festival this year.
Of course, sharks are doing it alone as attacking eloquently in the Jewish girls - it was a pellet in the Nokia, in this case - a brave series of Bleika Laivley.
The work has been called for from her basic heroic.
This survival promise can be compared to the demonstration by James Franko's acdirect demonstration of the film 127 hours and the Réunion Reinstate game buried live.
Perhaps the main image of Mila Kunisa, whose values from specimen on the creative and almost family value of the model, is only a very desperate flaw of the finger of desperate Hollywood.
The Islamic State in Syria has captured 2000 civilian populations.
The jihadist militias from the Islamic State group, fleeing the Menbian, Syrian Aleppo province, seized around 2000 civilian populations used as a living shield, announced the Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers in the United States on Friday.
"We did not shoot them because they were fleeing to Jerbull, who took their own civilians," the spokesman of the Kurds Menbian military council spokesman said.
After two months of slaughter, the Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), who is the US, supported the Kurdish alliance of Kurdish, said Friday that Menbia is released from jihadists.
Islamic State Menbium took the lead in 2014.
QSD has already removed the majority of Islamic State militants from Menbiir last week, but part of the retention and the sanding resistance.
However, on Friday they were left in the town by taking up the stairs.
Islam is heading to the Djartillah, which is on the border between Turkey.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) also reported that the Islamic State had kidnapped around 2000 people.
The SOHR reported that Islamic people kidnapped the cars of the city, forced people to go down them and then fled them to Jerbull.
Islamic State militants have also made mass kidnapping of mass people in the past.
In January, Islam, while in the wake of the territory of Deir, the province of Deir, in the province of Zora, has kidnapped more than 400 civilians, including women and children.
Later, Islam was released by some 270 of the prisoners.
How many Islamic State militants fled from Menbiir is unknown.
The spokesman of the Kurdish Menbia-military council reported that QSD has managed to save 2500 people, which was held by Islam in Menbiota.
The information gathered by the SOHR shows that at least 437 civilians have lost their lives in the battle for the lives of Menbio, including 105 children.
299 QSD fighters and 1019 jihadists killed.
Kolegova renounces candidacies to the head of the REVENUE SERVICE.
The head of the National Environment Service Inga Kołselva decided to withdraw his candidacy for the post of the National Revenue Service (VID), LETA was informed by the Ministry of Finance.
Kołselva points out that the consultation of her candidacy has increased among the contradictions of the ruling coalition parties.
It seems that the real reasons for the discussion are linked to the visible, but more often, the invisible interests and have nothing to do with the assessment of my professional capacity.
"This is not acceptable to me," said the SRS's post.
If her candidacy would be confirmed by the government, it is clear that this would not have a strong vote and would not allow the necessary changes to be made to the Revenue Service, with the support of all governments.
Without it, the work would not be possible, concludes Cohesive.
"I have made public that I do not want to be politically dependent, but the whole process of my candidacy is too politicised," the official said.
"Thank you for the confidence and support shown to me, it is the experience of the benefit," the Reizniecan Ozolai writes Kołselva.
Unity on Wednesday said that during the meeting with Cocoa revealed the "fundamental contradiction" between the candidate and the public registers of the information available on the SIA Pallog dividends, as the public's public meeting decisions does not profit from the public.
At present, the Revenue Service's duties are completed by the Deputy Director-General Dace Pelbuilding.
The police involved in the Livu police involve two small unsupervised children, inform the National Police Latgale region.
The message of no wheeled papers on Friday around 7 p.m.
They were found in Livu at the former shop building.
Both girls immediately surrendered to the mediation of the medical people.
The wheeled the bag with documents and mobile phones.
The law has been cleared by the legal vacancies of children's parents and went on to the point.
When we go to the women in the civilian men, police officers found that the woman was in the face of a strong drink.
After the initial day of the information, the born woman was suffering from the friendship where alcohol used alcohol.
At home after joint meetings, the woman has not yet decided to leave children to the shop.
The police were immediately briefed by the police, who will also decide on the fate of children's worst destinations.
The Riga Free Initiative has introduced all the recommendations of the SK concerning the Russian-island project.
The Riga Free Port Authority has introduced all the recommendations of five State Control (GC) recommendations on the development of the project Infrastructures in Russia's development of the port activities from the city centre, a portal was informed by the company.
The project is scheduled to be held in the near Riga Council meeting.
In order to ensure the implementation of the recommendations in accordance with the VC's view, the Riga Free Port Authority was also chaired by the International Court of Deloitte Riga's legal and operational audit conclusions and recommendations for improving project management in the future project stage.
The information on implementation of recommendations has also been sent today in the GC.
Despite the fact that the Riga Free Port Authority does not agree with the Opinion on the usefulness of the Russian project's project, we are very responsible to treat the project and the donor - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that the construction work planned in the project is fully completed within the deadlines and the planned level.
"To prove all the implementation of the project, including the EC, the GC and also stipulations, the main objective of the free port is to successfully implement the project, we have fully introduced all the recommendations of the SK concerning project management and supervision issues," the Russian project leader Sanita Kaire, the Head of the Project, said.
The control and monitoring of the objectives of the project's target for monitoring and monitoring of the project's objectives was complemented by the main planned activities and deadlines for the parties involved, the definition and timing of meetings, meetings and regular reporting and deadlines, the planned monitoring instruments for the construction process and the definition of major border points.
The approved action plan to achieve the project target until 31 December 2018, with the recommendations of the SK, is complemented by monitoring activities, thus reinforcing the control of the activities of other parties involved in the project in the implementation of the project's activities from Riga's free port parties.
The development of project management and potential risks for mitigation shall be a new project management plan, defining the project management areas and indicating the documents drawn up, which ensure the control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
The project management structure, which reflects the structure of the project management team, the qualifications and functions of the project management team, has been developed.
In order to improve the communication of Riga's free offices with the project stakeholders, a project of stakeholder communications, which, in addition to the parties to the project action plan, shall define the project's successful completion of the project, the principles, types and periodicity of information exchange principles.
In order to improve the control of the use of financial resources, it will be further necessary to justify the need for the conclusion of the service contract or the need for procurement and the rule of law.
In the project, Russia has built global standards on the island of the port infrastructure - four new deep-water subsistence, railway allowances, and engineering communications.
The construction of the Cohesion Fund co-financed by the Cohesion Fund has been completed and put into service last weekend by a total of €10.6 million of the funding for this.
The threat of security at airports in Slovakia is due to threat.
Following the unspecific threat of threats, Slovakia has stepped up security measures at several airports on Friday, the Ministry of Homeland Affairs said.
"In view of the threat, we have strengthened security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Popular and Košica, the news agency told AFP on Friday the spokesman for the Interior Ministry.
"The Centre for National Security and Analysis is currently analysing the information we have received," he added.
The Slovak capital will take place on 16 September in the informal European Union (EU) summit, which will participate in all the countries other than Britain.
The meeting will be discussed with the consequences of the British Brexit referendum and the debate on the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia has been holding the Presidency of the EU by January.
German researchers discuss the number of victims of the Berlin Wall.
According to new research, the number of deaths in Communist miles in the former eastern German border could be much higher than the previous one, but doubts about the actual number of victims are still not untouched.
According to data on Wednesday, the Berlin Wall, the museum of Checkpoint Charlie, from 1945 to 1989, at the border with western allies in zones and the late Western villa of the Communist authorities, murdered 1841 people who tried to get out of their territory.
The museum with border deaths is studied for years and is, on a daily basis, adjusting the number of victims.
Another 11 deaths are added this year, including among the victims also including a six-year-old boy drowned by the family trying to get to West in the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
The new Berlin Wall also includes Soviet army detentions.
"The size of the final damage caused by double evil of Communism and socialism is still not fully documented," Alexander Hildebrte, director of the Museum of East Europe.
"Our role is to ensure that the capital of the people who died in trying to escape the country's controlled country would be collected and disappearing," the Hildebrate statement highlighted.
However, other researchers have already questioned new figures.
"The figure 1841 is unconvincing," the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung claims the Berlin Free University's Historic Expert, Johens Štt.
He is currently reviewing potential suspicious deaths at the border, together with other researchers in the Berlin Free University, and so far, they managed to confirm only 260 cases.
Researchers have been slow to say that only the communist communists have murdered 138 people.
Given the deaths of people who have died in trying to escape the Baltic Sea or get to the West through neighbouring countries, the number of victims could be reached around a thousand times, following the fact that there are some thousand victims.
However, this is nothing less than 1841.
One of the reasons for the different victims could be different methodologies.
The Checkpoint Charlie Museum also covers all the suicide bombings of the East German border, whether they were directly linked to their service.
The museum also includes deaths which are not linked to direct violence.
"If Seniori aged between 70 and 80 were killed after the break with border controls from the heart of the constrial," it should be the consequences of the 'murderers' of the murderers, which is considered to be the 'murdebrary'.
However, this is convinced that there should be a distinction between the old people who may have died as a result of their experience and those who have been killed by the death of a long-lasting waiting time at the bus and the bus.
Regardless of the victims, the inventory of the victims of Communist East Germany did not accede to such statistics, and the researchers must be discharged with the various archives of the rubber, the Shame said.
However, the Shadian Group has recently made new documents and could therefore be presented in the near future with a new number of victims.
The President of the LPF, Pone to Rio, has been awarded the training of coaches; it is as surprising as it is.
The President of Latvia's LPF, Kaspars Pone, has been in Rio Olympics, but feels surprised at the fact that he was in Rio Olympics.
The report was adopted by the EP on Wednesday.
The first list of drivers was confirmed by the bathing bathers, Aleg Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins, the Jakubova and Deivs Kolinss, as well as President Pone, the Federation.
The Latvian floating Federation has said five participants in the Olympic Games and before departure Aldons Vrubber claimed that Germans will and he will have the tickets.
"However, I was not," Pone, for objective reasons, saying that it did not affect the outcome of Ribakovas.
Uvja coach was asked to help her at the request of the Federation.
Pone, who himself is a member of the Lok Executive Committee, has strongly criticised the Lok operation, bringing the blame to the Olympic sport supervised by the Olympic Sport.
In my view, it is unethically the five persons and one of them to accept five individuals in the Lok Executive Committee.
"I do not know why it was not the case for the bathing Federation," Pone said that the public had not assessed the Federation and their President, reminding the President of the Federation who does not receive salaries.
Pone criticised the same Jakubovski itself, saying that before the London Olympics, when Ribakova was not approved among the participants, he appealed to the International Federation of Water Sports (fina) and called on Latvia not to send any athletes.
Pone could not tell why he was in the Olympic Games with the training of coaches, which was likely to be due to Jakubovskim.
"I was applied as a Federation," but I am not obliged to attend the training of the recipient and now nowhere is the case ."
The situation changed every day, the number of accredited accreditation changed.
I think that Germans will have, because other information was not.
The information, a few days before Ribakovas, has been held in the eyes of the Poni, and then the son of the LPF was the same as the President of the LPF, but the President of the LPF said that it had been a daily conversation with the desire of athletes before the start.
Pone recalled that the LPF is monitoring five sports types of sports in the Olympic Programme and four of them are also taking place in Latvia for training children in Latvia.
The Federal President said that there were also very important questions in Latvia, and also about programmes he has spoken, in Rio de Janeiro for almost two weeks.
He praised the Federation's work and said that in 2018 Latvia could take the World Cup stage.
The seat in Rio de Janeiro is not my leave, I am working on my time and try to implement the four-year programmes.
600 000 laps were placed in Daugava.
The Latvenergo fish Resources Recovery Programme is taking place in Daugava in this week in Mangaille, and the introduction of tastes, and the planned introduction of more than 600 000 single-year laps and taims of tastes, which were grown up by the scientific Institute Bior Tomes and Doles fisheries.
Latvia's Latvian newspaper said that the placing of fish will continue for the coming months - 6 300 000 000 of different species are being placed in the water body every year.
In spring and summer, the Bay of UfM will be released in spring and summer, in June - salt, in July - the same summer, in August and September - zandarts and Vimbas.
Marvenergo manufacturing Director Maris Kuwait said that care about the environment is one of the cornerstones of the sustainable development of Latvenergo concert.
"Every action is aimed at environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with scientific institutes Bior, through the cultivation and introduction of juveniles and other activities," Kuwait said.
This year, the Daugava grinding will be placed more than 600 000 single-year laps and taims.
The baby is already marked before the landing is marked by cutting the fats.
Today, 25 000 laps with an average weight of 31.3 grams are being held in the coast of the Quaestors.
Every year, the composition and numerical level of species in the scientific fruit and basin of the species in Daugava and its basin water are taking place in the water fabric of juveniles and stairs.
The propagation of fish resources in Daugava and its basin water structure under regulatory acts shall be carried out by Bior, based on the expertise of the Latvenergo economic activity, and the findings of any compensation measures are to be taken to ensure the diversity of fish resources.
The National Environment Service, on the basis of the expertise of the experts, shall decide on the extent and nature of compensation.
Latvia's annual compensation amount for the recovery of fish resources is €1.035.000.
In spring 2016, Latvenergo, in cooperation with the Society "We fish," is being replaced by 400 artificial fish nuclearliga in Daugava in Kaibala and Ikham.
Cooperation with members by promoting natural nourishments is a Latvenergo initiative in addition to the initiative for the recovery of fish resources.
The deployment of artificial spawning ligament in water is an important measure that promotes the protection and propagation of fish resources in Daugava.
The Safe Continent is the countryside, forests, the circus.
The bed is eating as a restaurant, walking in the restaurants and screened the cameras, enjoying quiet natural peace, offering a combination of the alternative camera festival Sancus, which is already calling for the Akiboun to be replaced by the Aleg.
The festival will take place in Susa - no longer existent starch - in the final walls of former paths, beside forests and circles.
Three days from 12 to 14 August, the five stage may combine the indiscriminate enjoyment of the sophisticated natural and academic music.
The music and newspaper circles, performances and installation are faced with music.
Opera and academic music, especially in its new expression, find new listeners free and open to the environment without the stones of the concert.
The distance from here to Riga is around 150 km, but a few minutes to a smile and light.
"Please do not seek the programme because we have deliberately chosen to publish it before, so that people do not go to one specific measure or artists, because the true Sancus taste can only be caught by all three days," calls for the festival originator and master, Operator Armands Silins.
The festival's goals are at noon Friday at 17: 00 and the first concert is at 19.00.
Of course, there will be coding with all the information.
Those who choose to choose one day are to be named Saturday, as it is most unsaturated - from 9 a.m. to the next morning.
"The names of artists are available on the website www.sansusi.lv," Armands Silins.
The appalling artist builds, for example, vijolist Eva Bindere, chelliste Kristine Blaumane, operstar Inga Kalna, clarnets Guntis Kuzma, thrower Yulia, a pianist and RIX and even Estonian air stone Grete Gross, along with Latvian musicians in Kyshfella, Martin Zilberg and actress Anci Strazdu, set up in the era of an artistic internal fight.
The special festivals have also been launched.
The children of the Netherlands are shown to be the motives of the children of the Oleg, who was the motives of the Lafko story, and the Oleg, and Jethu Nile, will be attending an entomologist (bribery researcher) Ugis Piterane, and the Safko Natalia, the Natalia, and Jekerr Natalia.
The Oscars Herlins was the first Standin of the Quartet, while Anna Chirse - Koku operu, the performances of the main heroes of Andra Kalnool in Calnool, with Katrina Niburgas video design and Andra Egcurk, will be trees in three small bottles of three hectares of a flat cure.
Ledges, Dinar Rudy and Zigmary will vote, they will come to romantic relations, just like lighting times in Sweden's natural scientist Catherine Linneja in the study of the Koku legs (1729).
The Rio Olympics today is launching one of the biggest expectations of the Latvian delegation in the seven sportspeople Laura Iashi's Admidised.
The Iasha Sasha will start in the 100m barrier in the 100m, but at the top of the 1650 waiting competitor in the United States.
The second is the difficult journey of the European Parliament, which is not a mistake.
The Setrap will be closed on Saturday when the distance will take place, the pump and 800 metres.
The Olympic Games in the Winner World Cup last year were mentioned as the Olympic Games in the World Cup.
The Latvian record of the new country has been installed in May 6, and the second place in the prestigious seven-game competition in the Austrian city of Guecisa.
The former London Olympics were also attended by the London Olympics, when he was ranked ninth in the London Olympics.
The athlete has been the top of the country's record four times in the last half.
The Latvian gentleman, Artitute, Naples, is also scheduled to begin with the fight with the Ublackgi Kukauri, the first round of the battle with the weight of the Latvian Japanese broker.
"We'll be in the first Olympic Games."
The Latvian gentleman Borodavko, a Latvian gentleman Borodavko, was in the first fight to be in the first fight.
He made concessions to Hagu Rjunoski, who won bronze.
In 2000, Vsevolan Zoony made a statement of the Olympic bronze, but the next four Olympic Games in the Rio Games have only won one victory in London, which was made directly by Borodavko.
Dainis Upeller will be launched at the Dainis Upeller, but the selection will take place on Saturday.
Uash Olympic traveller received a day when the composition of the Latvian delegation was officially announced, but he was later told LETA that it was quite safe to have been driving since April.
The Grand Prix of the Olympics is one of the first Latvian sportsmen, trying to make the best use of the training of the coaches in the shooting.
The Latvian bubble, Kethallah Birzule, the Latvian bubble in the SRS: X class, will be completed by three journeys at the Latvian time.
After three days, or nine trips, Burma's total value is currently 25.
On Saturday, the decisive finalists will take place on the medals.
The race to the academic airspace of Ireland, the Latvian Party, has finally been scheduled to be headed today.
Wednesday's race was lifted due to a negative weather.
Pushpure will be in the C / D semi-finals in the semi-finals of the C / D, fighting for the 13th place in the Olympics.
On Tuesday, he was first in the final round of the game, from a third position, which would allow the fight to continue to fight the medal by the end of the year, with 0.65 seconds.
The Pope was in London for a four-year period, when Ireland also represented Ireland.
The Olympic Games will be divided into 24 medals - a lovely shot, mild mileage, tread cycling, paste, trapping, judging, academia, shooting, floating, tense and scourge.
The reid claims if Clinton will be elected to the President, she will appoint Garland for the Supreme Court.
The leader of Senate Democrats, Harium Reid, is convinced that if she becomes president, she will nominate Merica Garland as a key judge of the Supreme Court.
The Senate Republican Party has blocked the approval of Garland since March when President Obama nominated him.
Michigan, the Senate, said that the next president will choose who will replace the current Supreme Court Judge Antonin Skaliu.
Thursday's conference, the renowned announcement of the Clinton will be convinced that Clinton will choose Garland.
The rear representative later told reporters that he had not spoken in person about this subject with Clinton and is only speculation.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team would not like to "shake the boat" with another choice.
Garlands is a Chief Judge of the Court of Appeal of the US Colombian District Court.
The reprimand said that Republicans blocking Garland's nominations are "predators" and are acting in the interest of Donald Trump's presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also said that Trump has not been a good president for the President.
Treats announces nude calendar for men and women.
The magazine will work with photographer David Belmayu to create a 2017 calendar of First in the style of the 1970s.
In its 2017 NU mushrooms calendar, the new supermodel is planned, not the famous.
At the beginning of this year, President Styman Schulz stated that his erotic art magazine differs from the old modal Playboy, because "the Playboy is male magazine."
This magazine is women.
He looks as if he is also talking about a calendar.
The press remark about the calendar formation: "We must return to the plight and classical picture of the cat's picture, where the body of women is not confused, but inspires both women and men."
Women want to participate in this project because it is an excellent art.
The modelles can be sent to their photos electronically or in personalised boxes in Los Angeles and New York.
The buyer of the purchaser, testing the motorcycle, is filled.
On 10.August, 10 of the house, Yamaha YZ250, a motorcycle of the house, has not been registered, the State Police shall inform the State Police.
The driver of the motorcycle was able to sell the game with the advertisement.
At the same time, the potential buyer has arrived, boarding the motorcycle as it was trying and gone.
The national police station Ogres police station staff are asking for any claim that any criminal offence occurred can provide any information that can be provided in the course of the investigation.
Please call: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (night).
Anonymity guaranteed by information providers.
Greenland shark is the longest resident vertebrate: Video will be looked at
Scientists say that Greenland sharks are the longest forever of all vertebrates on our planet.
Julius Name tells the shark researcher that the long record is owned by a mothers who could be 272 to 512 years old and five metres long.
The French court rejects the claim to demolish shops in the refugee camp in Jungon.
The French court rejected the request by the authorities to confuse dozens of self-established shops and restaurants in the "JunCoal" camp where thousands of refugees live.
In the event of a trial held in Kalis, the authorities pointed out that the country should confuse 72 self-established shops where people trading different goods, such as cigarettes and energy drinks, offer hairdressing, tents of 50 cents (40p) and simply malware about some of the euro self-established restaurants.
Kalē Prefeke's Office pointed out that these self-established companies should be asked because they form a shadow economy and do not pay taxes, and also cause fire and sanitation risks.
The representatives of the humanitarian group explained that these small businesses are essential, as food provided by governments and support groups does not provide the camps where the numbers of residents continue to grow.
They also said that self-established shops and restaurants often offer free shelter and days for those most in need.
The city of Lilles ruled that there is no legal basis for expulsion of people who have created 72 self-established shops, but it understands the concerns of Kalis Prefect.
Judge Jean-Claude Masha, who said that food, coffee and restaurants play a greater role than simply providing food for people living in "extremely unrest circumstances."
He said that there were peaceful meetings on refugees and volunteers.
One of the places exposed to the risk of mixing is the camp of the Jungle Book Points, which provides more than 200 free meter day, English and French language activities and provides advice on asylum issues for hundreds of vulnerable minors without adult leadership.
Over 170 000 people have signed a petition on the protection of children's cafe.
The letter of the Guardian addressed by the Guardian indicates that the liquidation of cafes would be a disaster for these children, some of which are only 8 years old ."
Two charities, the "Palberge des '," and L'Auberge des Migrants, said that the number of residents of the Daphne camp has risen to 9000 people, the highest rate since the rapid influx of migrants.
Britain is getting silver in the game of 7 serial series in the fight when the Fiji statesman is a gold win.
The British sample was the impressive performance of the 7 series, which ended Thursday when the Rio Fiji stadium was overwhelmed by the outcome of the Deodoro stadium in Rio Fiji.
Fiji demonstrated the meistarclass bomb in the ball, the ball is playing with foot, the game and the brutal game, fighting gold - the first Olympic medal in its history.
The defeat brought a honourable peaceful prize - the silver medal that was the case this afternoon in the British third medal, to be proud of his success in the first Olympic regeneration in the 7 tournament in which they made New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The heavy battle in the semi-finals of the Boks team was defeated by 7: 5 days in the first half of the day, possibly playing the UK's final game.
But in any case, Fiji is currently in its best form to win the 15 man team.
Although there is little certainty, however, a certain peaceful way to Britain could be that at least one brick won gold medal, the Fiji Rather, former England coach from Vimbldona.
Britain was a exciting adventure for Britain.
Eight years ago, Rather, they lost all the game at the 7 series in the stadium in Aachion.
This time they lost only one game.
The defeat is painful, but growth is surprising.
Fiji has impressive the mails, redistributing the way the British forces are being made.
Captain Tomam Mihalam and the members were as upset with several other buses and the World Cup champions with 5: 0, when Osea Kolinisau scored the first low.
In the last four minutes, John Tuwai has even increased over the last few minutes, by realising the subsistence in the right wing.
The result is 12: 0 and the British team did not even really touch the ball.
Michigan's excellent force prevented the main Leoni Nakaravam from having three points, but it only slightly influenced Fiji's results.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua scored a low edge in the right corner, with the strengthening of Britain to 17: 0.
After the game, Nakarava has increased more and has remained over a minute by the end of the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou avoided some failure of British force and crossed the line when he was from the point.
The approach provided 29: 0.
The Fiji was born to play a regeneration in 7 matches while the British are still learning.
In fact, it is true.
The British team did a thorough change in half, by breaking the Fiji player line... complete four minutes, which was good after the first half of the time, until John Tuisova, after the fantastic team, scored a few points in the Fiji team.
Denam Norton managed to learn the game for the British team by taking a win in the corner and came to a 36th anniversary, but the game has been lost, while the fans of Southern Sea fans were singing, the flags and the dance of the team.
The Fiji is not an amazing attitude.
The hair of the Fiji made Fiji's victory is a further sweep with another subsistence game.
In the end of the game, Fiji could start celebrating, but the British were able to sit down the floor.
In the first half of the day, Fiji made Japan with 20: 5, while the British were over South Africa, where the two teams were very tight in the fight and the South'Azores lost just a few points.
In the first half, Kails Branee put the Boks team in the lead, but the second half Dens Norton with a shining metal crossed the line and was going to the ball between the stable while ensuring the British victory.
Marino, who is the English brother of England's 15 team, was the great force of the game to win the team and another silver medal at the end of the game.
The fight against cancer was inspired by Helens Global and Heteri Staningi's victory in the airplanes.
It will be the most emotional gold medal in these races and it is already a lot.
From the first to the last wind, the Helsinki Global and Heteres Staningrad gold mortality was a special role for Estation da Lagoa.
Although the boat is only two sportsmen, she was in the hands of the Robin Viljamsa, who inspired her to even the second Olympic gold medal in the transition of women, becoming the first female in the history of British sports that have made such success.
They have been dominated by her unsuccessful, because 39 once they were unable to win, a unprecedented victory.
The two super-sportsmen with bed elegant to the water surface do not fully reflect this triumphant.
After each gold medal in the rice, stāv a whole team that is hard working to improve its performance and the biggest investment in their achievements, coach who was not known 30 months ago, did not know whether they were going to see the day, because he was found to be cancer.
After his point, it disappeared as quickly as it emerged.
I had a cancer that is one of those who can operate and it was also.
If not, it would spread the whole body.
And the situation would be uncontrollable.
This is a little change for your vision.
Viljamte cancer was revealed in December 2013.
This trio could have started the recovery procedure at the beginning of 2014 and reduce the duration of the break by the minimum if it can be said.
I needed income, so I had to recover quickly.
It has stimulated recovery.
I was in hospital and I went to a hospital and I went 6, 10 and even 15 metres long, although the doctor said that there would be some steps.
All this started.
The airplane itself is a challenge, but this time it was even bigger.
After victory, the first thought was the Viljamsu, who was very worried about all morning and was talking more than usual.
The Staninga, which has been the case in the Royal Archartilla in Afghanistan, said: "This was an emotionally serious week, but it means a great deal of importance for me."
This only confirms how much this means and how much I, Helena and Robin have worked.
With Helens and Robin, the 3 years have been excellent.
Without Robin, we would have made nothing, so thank you very much, he is the best coach in the world.
I cannot imagine a better team of coaches or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Hetere Staninga have not lost their races over five years.
A couple reaches so huge speed with which competitors cannot compete.
Even in the last 500 meters when teams from New Zealand and Denmark started to get closer, Staninge and the Global Return were too big.
We felt every moment.
Helena was banned: "Keep rolling, keep rolling."
The focus is really important.
We managed to start well but at the same time we had no high hopes.
On the day we had no intention to cut record, but simply to keep the record and win the race and we did it.
A couple of years will rest to decide what to do next.
The next month will be the Global League for the Global and Television, Stalin Bashala.
She is simply willing to enjoy a moment.
I did not want to say that this was my last race.
This would have been too much pressure.
I needed about six months in London to understand that I am the Olympic champions.
It was a new experience and I was very excited.
This time it had about four minutes.
She said: 'I feel a fantastic'.
A unique opportunity to look at the fantastic architecture of the Los Angeles Central Bibliotbuilding.
The visitors are more than the city of Central Library, as the Association of Southern Knowledge, the Association of Architecture, is organised by the Los Angeles Central Bibliotica: The author of the Arnoldu Shevarcra and Styman Djibouch.
John and Šherocman are planning to discuss and show images showing the design of the 1926 Bertrama Gudhue design, as well as the restoration of 1993 and the additions of Hardija Holcmine Feifera.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14: 00 to 16: 00 in the Salle modern hall, the Western Legal School of the Art DECO Dieter (earlier Bulletin Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire bulls.
Visitors will see central hemisps, exposure premises, nectars and tea room.
Tickets must be purchased beforehand; the MCC members $15; the rest of the $25.
Mixed and omulous DTLA fleets are experiencing domestic change,
Noting the 1990s's 1990s, the 1990s is the same as a new book!
The Costs Revenue Service will be in office until the last ."
After his speech, President Martin Kucinskim (Greens / Farmers) and Danai Reiznieci, is already "principled important" to confirm the candidates for the Finance Minister, the candidates, the minister of Finance Minister.
Rajoy would slow down that both Kuchinskim and Reiznie, in this rule, are the first big decision that can influence him as a future of politicians
If we now start changing positions in the choice of the Revenue Service's post, it will have a negative impact on their imidiousness in the public administration.
The Cabinet's Office for the Revenue Service's Director General of the Revenue Service is on the agenda of the next week's agenda.
The head of the Revenue Service was driven by Minister Reizlor, Ozola, after the post of the Service's management resignation Introduct and when the contest was ended without a result of the post of the General Revenue Service.
The Revenue Service's post in the Dace Pelicycle is allowed to be in the Latvian Radio, on Thursday, in an interview with Latvian Radio, if she would have been to stand as a manager, she could agree.
The Finance Minister later admitted that the candidates for the Revenue Service were not yet considered as being left behind.
The head of the National Alliance, Saeima, Raivis Dzintars, said that the NA is increasingly in favour of the Corey Revenue Service.
Spain is threatening to create a government deficit reduction potential.
A European Commission (EC) issued its opinion on 12 July, that Spain and Portugal have not implemented sufficient measures to reduce the deficit level by 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) by the euro area.
The estimates show that despite the austerity measures the Portuguese budget deficit was at the end of last year 4.4% of GDP, and 5,1% in Spain.
The European Commission has, however, decided not to apply economic sanctions to both countries while setting fiscal targets for the nearest time.
One reason why the EC did not introduce sanctions against both these countries is the growing Euroscepticism in many European Union countries.
Additional sanctions would only increase such negative effects.
Critics also indicate that the EC is not consistent in its decisions, from the beginning of agreement on common rules and subsequently unable to apply them into practice.
The German Bundesbank President Jensus Veidmanns said that Europe is losing confidence in this, creating a citizen's view that the rules of the European Union are a real and not binding.
Now the EC has proposed and all Member States have approved the deadline for extending the deficit settlement to the end of this year for Portugal and until 2018 for Spain.
The European Commission is promising to check progress made by both countries in the coming months while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal should be prepared to introduce further austerity measures if circumstances require.
The initial forecasts show that the objective of Portugal could be achieved at the time and the budget deficit could be reduced to 2.5% of gross domestic product by the time of this year.
This means that the government's government has to implement austerity measures at 0.25% of GDP this year as part of the Stability Programme.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, with additional attention being paid to the control of the cost of procurement of goods and services.
In Spain, the situation is much more difficult.
This year, the budget deficit should be reduced to 4.6%, next year, to 3.1% and 2018 to 2.2% of GDP in 2018.
Furthermore, consolidation measures should be 0.5% of GDP every year in the next two years.
It makes it difficult to achieve these objectives in particular by the fact that the Spanish political parties have not managed to reach agreement on the government for eight months, and the possibility of Spain to hold early parliamentary elections for the third time in the third year.
However, opinion polls show that the third elections in the political picture in the country are also significantly unchanged.
The most popular party remains the party of the current Prime Minister Mariano Rahoja, who would again have received a total of 33% of the votes.
The only socialists have been increasing their popularity while the anti-austerity party Podemos, or "We can" and "Ciudadanos," and "Citizens," is slightly reduced.
The People's Party wants to get the involvement of the socialist and Ciudadanos in the government this month, otherwise it will not be possible to adopt and submit to the European Commission for approval for the 2017 draft budget by mid-October.
As announced by the people's party parliamentary Group spokesman Rafael Hernando, if governments fail to establish and parliamentary elections, however, will be held for a third time, Spain will become all the laughing stock.
The net of beet in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
The fifth year survey, the activists concluded that unfortunately the number of waste found has been growing every year and largely bathing visitors are being blamed.
The most polluted bathing sites are directly in Riga.
The capital is supposed to explain that bathing sites are being combined every day but to fight for dirty visitors are quite difficult.
In addition, the wastes left in dry waste can be fished in water, thus far from the quality of its quality.
Except in Liepaja beach and the individual places in Kurzeme, the purity of beet elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
This week has spread to the campaign's volunteers' Mana Sea campaign.
The fifth anniversary of the road along the Gulf of Riga, activists concluded that the number of waste left to a hundred metres has grown.
Unfortunately, this year's critical assessment has come.
"We see that this will be the year when the number of waste on beach 100 metres is likely to exceed 200 units," said Mr Jana's.
He was in Tachon's beach, where the voluntary march along the Gulf of Riga was continued.
This year between different municipal waste and picnic palpability activists have had to collect even the fluorescent light bulbs left in the sea sands.
The voyage and organiser Ulme said, the people who are responsible for pollution are directly affected by the pollution.
"The main source is the same beaches, because more than half of the total number of waste is plastic, different waste from mixtures, plastic pieces that are already at the stage of the degradation, they are no longer possible to identify and smoke, bottles, corps, Ulme.
The bathing sites are also in Riga.
For example, almost 800 waste units collected on average in Daugavgriva each hundred metres are critical.
Campaign organisers also explain that almost every step also turned out to the mouse and not everywhere in warning or ban marks.
"Average figures for all three Riga bathing sites - Daugavgrivu, Yonrgilu and Vecca - are unfortunately high and far beyond the desired or target of reducing the number of waste units by 2020 by 2020," the environment advocate.
The cleaning of bathing sites in Riga is on the day, and even twice, the Ugais Vidauskis, the Mayor of the Duma.
However, the fight with dirty visitors is quite difficult.
We are returning to this issue of cultural culture.
"Those who are in the contexts that use alcohol, smoke and do all those things that cannot even be the special signs of the label," the Middle East shall be mentioned.
Therefore, the Middle East calls for the visitors to report to the police.
The police may be called to, safely, to indicate these abuses and to all fight against them.
Perhaps there are some new warnings, but, as I said, hardly a radical change in the situation.
"It is a matter of intolerance and be intolerant to all those offenders," he said.
Meanwhile, water quality measurements have been carried out for the fourth time in the fourth time, which may impose a ban on official bathing sites.
This year, as others have been, water quality is good and satisfactory everywhere.
The situation is now that all 56 bathing water quality has been good and there is no limit on the bathing limit.
"We will take the last time we will take the end of August," the senior specialist in the Environment Health, Normunds Cadicist.
During the rash of the raf, landlocked waste can be fished into water.
This may affect the quality of the environment, indicating the environment.
The rotating Russian elite continues - the change in the administration of Putin.
The same thing was left?
Vladimir Putin has announced Russian media that Sergei Ivanov would have left this office in the same way and will be the President's Special Representative for the Protection of Natural Protection, Ecology and Transport.
The announcement of changes in Putin was Mr Ivanovam's recognised words before announcing changes: "The honourable Sergej Borisovič, we are working together for many years together and doing so successfully."
I am pleased with how you fulfil your duties.
I remember well about our agreement not to use you in the post of President's administration for more than four years.
I therefore understand the desire to change your activities in rural areas.
And I hope that, too, you will be fully able to share their knowledge and experience in the new post.
However, the leadership of the President is very important to the post and made Ivanov as one of the most powerful people in the country.
Given that Russia's next year's elections are expected to be expected, rumours have been said that this step is linked to the fight for power in Russia's political elite.
Ivanov was also called the alleged president of Putin, so he himself wanted to take the office of the President's office in the areas of nature protection and transport, has raised doubts.
As a sign of Lsmol.lv archive, Ivanov is the Chief Colonel of the DRC and the Federal Security Service.
Ivanov has been a wall and will close the allies of Russia's President Vladimir Putin.
He started his speed in the special service in 1975 where Putin took place.
Mr Putin became a deputy member of the Federal Security Service later, after becoming a Federal Security Service.
The Russian Security Council Secretary, the first Russian President, Boris Yelder, was appointed by the weekend.
In 2000, after Putin's next year, the Ivanova "Information Security Doctrine" was confirmed by Putin, including the revival of the state censorship mechanisms.
In 2001, Sergei Ivanov became a Russian defence minister, but already in 2005, the Deputy Prime Minister Mikhaila Fradkova, and was responsible for the development of Russian defence industry companies and arms exports.
Now, after the President's administration, Ivanov will also remain a place in the Russian National Security Council, where the President will also be guilty of this.
The blame comes from the family of the Soviet party.
The President blamed the President of Ivanov himself.
We have been familiar with Antonu Eduardovitis.
Yet the times when you worked in the government.
And we are in practice of virtually every day in the last almost five years.
"I am therefore convinced that, after all professional and personal nature, he is ready for this work," Ivanov said.
The blame comes from the family who belonged to the elite of the Soviet party.
His grandfather Karls took high positions in Estonian Communist Party, including ten years until 1988.
The Internet edition, Medvea, with a reference to the book "Estonian self-determination and independence," writes that Karls blamed the Moscow blame for the authorisation of Moscow to grant its permission to use force against demonstrators.
However, he had refused to withdraw and had lost his office shortly.
Shortly then, the blame has moved to the Moscow.
Antons blamed the Moscow International Institute of Relations and manages Japanese.
However, he has left the diplomatic service to work in the administration of the Presidency.
The last few unfolded Russia has been shaken by the distillation and even arrests of several senior officials, including the replacement of several areas of the area and federal representatives.
As the political ologists show, President Vladimir Putin reintroduces the governing elite before the elections in 2018.
One of the main features is the increasingly frequent representatives of the teams.
The gentleman Nikiforenko is also losing the Olympics in the first fight.
This was the fight first and the Latvian gentleman is the game of the Olympic Games in the first place, finishing on 17.
Coach Oleg Baskins, Latvian Television, said that the hopeless hope was very little and it has already been clear before the tournament.
He also found that the gentleman was a horse in the fight.
It is remarkable that the Olympic travellers' signs are to be started in another weight category than the one that is used - namely by weight of up to 100 kilos.
The Azerbaijani cure was a heavier of 25 kilos.
The Jevghery Borodavko, who was in the fight for a weight of 100 kilos of the Rjunojuki in the fight for a two-and-a-half minute, has been destroyed by the opposite of the finger.
Latvia has completed the Rio Games with Latvia.
The dreams are disappearing in Rio sands.
The Yevgey Borodavko was led by a gentleman in the jungle.
Yes, he had a more title opponent, but ambitious sometimes is the chance to be surprised.
He did not get.
Arhara Nikiforenko was even more difficult because the experience and the opponent also has a respected respect.
The outcome is similar to the tattoo he persisted in tears for half a minute longer than Borodava.
Unfortunately, the gentlemen's gentlemen is the most ambitious in Latvia's gentlemen.
Gunar Kirsons, the Gunman Kashakov, was in the head of the Federation, and his financial stute Vladimir Stokeakov, from Latvia, was the head of Alexander Jackevich, the judging Score, a gentleman development rice down the curve.
The Jackevich is not seeing the heirs of Kazakhstan and Vsevoldam Zoony.
But if not, there will be no.
And it is a prerogative of the Federation.
As a result of another final stone, the President of the Latvian gentleman's President's promise to win the Rio Cup was the second round of the 'Rite panorama'.
The flight is far from reality.
The evening with the eagles and concerns we waited for the beach's Samoilovs / Shetman - Evandru / Pedru Solberg.
The Intriga as a 'death' group has ended in the game.
The Latvian duo had a little derogation - could have lost, but not more than four points in two seeds.
The tense was still a long time.
Nobody wanted to die - this feeling over the cord corted the surface of the game.
The wind was caused by additional difficulties.
At the beginning, it could be ours - which is more comprehensive - an ally.
But it did not become.
The Latvian duo played here enough.
Serve so to Samoilov and await when he will be in the run-up.
Canada has been beaten, against Cuba at the end of the first Seal and at the beginning of the third, because the load was not a joke.
The sun was able to pay the mackerel at that time, because it was not enough, but when it was, it was done.
The German Catholic Samoilov was able to win two seeds with Shipyard, as the first took the lead with 16: 15, but 16 remained, and also, with a complete limit on the lost points.
But it could have lost with 0: 2, because the second seated deficit was -4, but also thanks to the wind, it was a victory.
The third was the Evandre servant.
The chain was a chain - a unconvincing host of serve, the second game often flying too close to the grid and Samoilovam remained very little as a result of a fruitful attack.
If you had a foreign Samoilovs against the Cubans, then he was more successful this time and only to the Sao shift the loss would be unprofessionally.
Mr Kreilis also made a mistake and symbolically that the last bomb bloc is in the right direction.
Lose the team.
This time, there was also a lack of success - the third only two Evandra attacks were almost flying out of the corn, but the ball was hit by the ball.
Two EISI were beside the line.
The controversial episode of the video decided to oppose opponents.
If the first two games were made of Evandru, the hoisting was very productive.
Everything in the sum was lost.
We must now analyse the causes of the failure.
Perhaps there should have been many lives in the stadiums, not with a delegation of delegations in the Olympic village.
The road took two and a half hours.
Perhaps a little self-persuasion gave a seven-semi-finals series.
Perhaps Klemavfura should not have been playing but sooner here and better to be better.
Perhaps there was a mistake to find the headlines in the form of sport.
There are more questions than answers to the question.
Our bovine bare games are over.
Dream of medals over.
What happens next?
Some of the World Cup turns and the Jurmala Masters have still been suspended.
Schumins with Samoilov has never been friends and no such thing because there are too different personalities.
But it is not necessary.
When the dream of the Olympic medals is struck, the idea of divorce can also arise because the blame will be sought not only in the face but also in the partnership.
It is not difficult to settle but it is much more difficult for Latvia to find a dignified partner.
The two brothers are playing a buck, but Janis with Tomu has already tried and has been separated, while Mihail Samoilov is still too green to start taking the world's top.
The attempt to try the Haraldu Regins, Alexander Soloveu, Edwards Tother, to return to the Maru Power, but it will not be better than this option, which has not only been shown once in the World Cup.
The Copakaban sands did not smack them this time.
And all of this.
Of course, it should also be taken into account that the beaches volet are becoming more popular, in the rest of the vehicle, and only the real growth is less than two metres.
This is not yet a success but a major argument in the fight for victory.
Our own long longer remains.
Both sportspeople and journalists have the opportunity to wet games and choose their own.
US basketball team live on a cruise ship, part of tennis in the Olympic village.
Likewise, part of the beach volleyball has been struck by the hotel in Copakaban.
This time, the journalists offered to journalists for all modest accommodation were heavily exaggerated prices.
Therefore, the choice fell to the rental of apartheirs.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from the logistical point of view.
This time the risk is justified.
Together with the Irish rental apartheirs on the Copakaban and Ipanemas borders.
The beach 200 metres away, the bat of the buck in the half-hour march.
The division is enough, because it is a good thing, because it is a proactive patent, but it is not a matter of losing sight.
Vladimir Putin is not what you can sometimes imagine, but the most professional sports journalist in the Russian-held media, Vladimir Ivanov.
The P.S. looks like a dream of another medal dream on Friday morning.
Laura Iashi, the US, was in the midst of the barrier and the height of the corner.
But there are five disciplines already.
Porgijs and Besa are in Liepct after 10 years of break.
Porgijs and Besa were hit in Latvia's National Opera, Porgijs and Besa.
Since then, internationally recognised here has not been relied.
This is why the organisers of the Cedas Mole Festival and Liepaja Arts Forum organisers have decided, in close cooperation, to give listeners the opportunity to enjoy George Guernsey's chasing.
"We have a great pleasure to see that, after a decade of break, when the latter could have enjoyed a major study of the operation, this great George Guernsey and Besa, the version of the big concert hall, are to be enjoyed at the new, newly-discovered concert hall, the" Lielais engine ," the leader of the European Union, the Baiba Bože, the former leader of the European Parliament's website.
Porgijs and Besa are a splendid story of a story of love, its inconsistency, passion and tragedy of life and ordinary proposals.
It reflects the afroanical vitality, music and ritual of the afrost.
This is precisely the lack of political correctness in this operation, this exclusion of tolerance makes it so alive.
"And yes, this love story is extremely strong, extremely beautiful and somehow really deep," Viesturs Cairo said.
What I like most of you is to listen to or bring this operation to the same thing - the famous melodies, the famous motives, but these transition from one nature to another, by the way to one person or another person, or cori, or the orchestra.
"It's the most exciting, this building," the operation is assessed by the head of the operation Porgijs and Besa, the musical leader and the dirty Andris Pog.
The visitors visit the agreement that it is a grandiose event.
They are very pleased to hear this world famous Guernsey.
Sunday, the world's breath can feel.
"Executive professional," the operation shall be assessed by the visitors Edgars Late.
The Concertiers were special to the first time the Orchestra played the orchestra and was first held in the Orchestra.
The square at the Mole Museum could be named as Jaman Rozenal.
Riga, Andris Ameriks, told the exhibition that the museum was also a museum's own address, but the site of the museum Rozental 1.
Mar Lafce, director of the Museum, recognised that the address will create a good bureaucratic burden, but generally the idea of this idea is welcomed and therefore agreed to the local authorities.
The Riga city has been a key stone in this idea in 1936., by establishing Burmese monumeco Janim Roziglam, who is stāv at the museum.
The then museum director Vilhelm Purman was one of the initiators for this monument.
This way, this further action could be purely logical.
I have been a little bit of conscience - but the Vilhelm Purvine, where we will say his name?!
"But if you were, Mr America, you promised to think..." said Lhasa.
The message was that the National Arts Museum was officially opened up in May this year after ambitious reconstruction and modernisation.
The new GEF Culture Palace will finally start this week.
The pilots will renew the SIA "Velve."
Several Palace are expected to revive several spectators, including two spectators, and the building of the buildings with reduced mobility.
Riga City Council intends to attract money for the European Union's money for EUR six million, but Oleg Burovs, Director of the Riga City Council's Department of Special Department, recognises that there is still no full clarity for the project.
"Despite the political will to launch GEF Culture pilots in the process of renovation by attracting European structural funds, we are waiting for months to decide, real action from the Treasury officials will be given money or no," says Burovs.
Last December, we told us that everything depends on Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Treasury received a letter from the European Commission that it would take the decision that Brussels does not take a decision here.
We are now seeing that there is another discussion again, now we will see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council is undoubtedly guaranteed that this process will be launched and completed by the time of the deadline," Mr Burovs said.
The Latvian Culture Palace, in March 2015, has already been reported to be a concert before the immediate renovation of the buildings immediately.
While the year of the building, the renovation of the building was still not started and collectively continued to work in unfit conditions.
The Riga City Council's Special Department of Culture GEF Cultural Palace renovation divided into seemingly independent works of the construction works where each will ensure the implementation of different Castle functions.
First: The increase in access to the GEE and the repair of the surrounding area.
It provides for the setting-up of the heating and engineering and to restore the building of the buildings.
Second - Improving the supply of GETB services.
It intends to improve the building of buildings, wall and return, and to improve the training of the buildings and to put the buildings in the internal engineering of the building.
The third - improving the working conditions of creative amateur crafts, which covers plans to improve workshops, space heating and ventilation systems.
The legendary rock group can be found at the exhibition in Liepaja before the 40th anniversary of the 'Livia'.
The exhibition will be covered by various "Late" characteristics - photographs that are broken down the line to reflect the group's activities from pre-start 2010 when the group is expected to be completed.
The participants' stage spending, musical instruments, awards and concert records will also be shown, as well as other broadcasts of the well-known publics, which reflected the "Late" creative activity of the group.
The exhibition will be complemented by the Liepaja Museum stock.
The visual presentation of the exhibition is in cooperation with the fashion artist and the painting Elitu Patmalian.
The musicians who have been linked to the Late and their relatives, referred to, and shared both with the subjects and memories, were also referred to.
"The first start of the first year of the" Livia ," when the Liepaja culture House is being created by the vodultural antagonist, led by Juris Paviltols.
The Ansamblis it has been part of the festival "Liepajas engines" in 1972 and 1974, as well as in the city and republic.
In 1976, the Juris Paviltols took place with the Building and the Methalurgy culture in the city of Ingrid, Andri Kores and Jora Grodi, the group of the Khangy and the metalurgy culture.
Over the years the composition of the group has been manifest not only.
The participants have joined, others have come up, some returned.
The main thing, however, is to assure you that Latvian rock is capable of living and standing - remained unchanged.
"What is missing - the jungle, hair and bardaini, the boys are felt to be separated from the general stereotypes of the general working song," the group says, Klemish VATALR.
The group has worked without the past musicians, such as Hugo, Vilnis Kriehe, Modris Shetern, Valdis Štarks, Lord Sheikh, Tal Pusbarv, Ainars Virga, Aivars Brze, Guntars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Thomas Kleins and many others.
The entry shall be open without charge.
The exhibition is seen from 19.August to 30.October.
On 27 August, Liepaja concert is the most important for the "LivVIfest 2" group.
In Bulgaria, inflation is rising for the first time in 8 months.
In July Bulgaria's statistics showed 1% monthly inflation.
This is the highest rate since 2012 and the first figure above zero since October last year, when it was positive (0.2%).
The annual average inflation after PCI, last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), was -0,8% compared to previous years.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared to the previous year, was 1.9% and the monthly average inflation was 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, inflation was -0.2% (July 2016, compared to December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016, compared to July 2015, was -0,2%.
Compared with the previous month, there were price increases in July 2016 for such consumer groups: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); entertainment and cultural activities (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%); municipal goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell by clothing and footwear (2.2%); housing equipment, household appliances and regular house charging (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remain at the last month for alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
"We are not a great thing."
The Latvian Catholic Church Archbishop metropolis, in an interview with the Independent, stresses that if we want to get a life in force, it must be put in place at its centre.
Because the truth is that the strength of the truth is more than the unrest of evil.
Many are already on the road to the holy plane of Maria's debtor Agla.
What message do they believe this year?
In recent years, the wish to chair the main service in Agla has made a revetting nuncon.
Consequently, the main content of the message is in his or her terms.
The way to go out, it is a kind of tradition that the Cross is headed by the Bishop Janis Bulis.
He will also send his message in the same way.
I have been a good day of a festive holiday, a European Day of the EU's previous day.
Last year, I drew up the Pope in France, the Laudato SI and the up-to-date house of the total house, Earth theme in Latvia.
This year, I am watching what is happening in the world and I am trying to react to it.
My approach coincides with the church's recommended that the Espan message must be put at the centre of life.
It must be shown that the evangelical issue is responsible for the most painful problems of human life and gives him inspiration for a further journey.
Then it speaks to people.
But Ceuve, in the lamb discussion, you said that "we need to return to the understanding of the people."
What do you understand?
Does this mean that someone has prevented the churches from being a message?
And is the church today a return resource?
The Indian capital robbed a dead man.
Nobody has been aware of the road malway in the Indian capital - a dead man who has been trapped in the road and then robbed the BBC.
The man who identified as a Mati was a guardian of the day, but was working on guard at night.
Matibūls 5:30 morning travelled home down the road when their reconnaissance light car.
The recording of the observatory shows that the driver has stepped out of the car to look at the victims and then travelled.
After an hour, when no one has been aware of the bleeding man, he robbed the spirit of a long time.
Around 90 minutes after the crash, police and the victim were taken to hospital, who died from injuries.
Referring to the nomination of the National Revenue Service's Director General, the Head of State Environment Service Inga Kocoselva has saved the government from criticism, and Professor Ojiņš Skudra, professor of Social Sciences, of Latvia, is considered to be a critical of the government.
Cocoa explains the candidacy of nominations in relation to the controversial coalition of the ruling coalition to be attributed to the government's criticism.
He was very difficult to imagine that he would have been unable to imagine that the Government would support Coycle's candidacy next week.
Consequently, if the ministers of the Unity Ministers voted against, but the Cocoa so and it would confirm the appointment of the Government, it would lead to government demise.
The expert considers that the appointment of Cocoa has been consulted before the announcement of nominations for nominations in Cocoa, both with the Treasury Reizin, and Prime Minister Mars Kučinski, Prime Minister of Ministers.
At the same time, it also makes concessions to the "United Nations," which strongly opposed her candidacy.
The proposal to find a suitable candidate will be expected to be completed by the contest, Scudra said that there are two options: Either a compromise figure will be selected or the body as a Director-General will continue to chair Dace Pelbuilding in the executive director.
At the same time, he points out - if the Finance Minister has so far stated that there is no other candidacy, it is a house that is not a house in the Pelice-that that it should not be in the contest.
He said the National Environment Service chief executive Cook has decided to withdraw its candidacy for Revenue for the nomination.
The government has postponed the nomination of Cocoa's Revenue Service, due to a lack of unity on Tuesday.
After the government's decision to postpone the decision, Coreegova confirmed that he was still ready to become a Head of Revenue Service.
However, it was changed later on Friday in the submission of the Minister for Finance, Danai Reiznieci, to the Ozolai, to indicate that atsauc his consent to the Revenue Service's office and this she did not have an easy choice.
Prime Minister Mar Kučinska, spokesman for the Committee on Foreign Affairs, said that the post of the Director General of the Revenue Service would be a new contest.
The Riga centre-right was a car involving a police car.
The road accident involving the national police car is the main event in Riga at Riga.
The police car with closed sound and light signals has rushed to a higher grade call, and the street of Dhorses is a crossroads in the street of Dhorses.
The police explain the circumstances in place, but the original information shows that the other game is not a missed police car.
I did not have a woman in the case.
The EU's population
In Riga, 638 784 people were in Riga at the beginning of this year, which is 0.34% less than in 2015, when 641 000 people were officially registered in the capital, the Central Statistical Administration (CSP) informed LETA.
In the case of the population, the capital of Latvia is in 30th place between the European Union (EU) capital and large cities in which the population is over one million.
According to Eurostat, Eurostat is the highest female share in Riga, the capital of Latvia is convincing first place between the European largest cities with 127 women per 100 men.
In all three capitals of the Baltic States, the highest percentage of women in Europe's largest cities: Vilnius, is 123, but 121 women per 100 men in Tallinn.
The LNMM will be issued in the pictograms of the LNMM.
In the coming days, the National Arts Museum (LNMM) will be deployed warning signs - haddock, LETA was told by the Riga City Council's Special Department of the Duma, the Latvian Department of Special Department, Baiba Gaile.
The good of the museum has been successfully concluded by the good damage caused by the scourge.
In the coming days, the warning pictograms will be deployed.
The population will be told that the coverage is the slump in rain and snow, and it must not be used by cars, as well as visions with bicycles, scales and scams.
On Facebook, Ušakov wrote to the Facebook newspaper, who said that no security risks damage the damage, but 'look unakurates' and the skeitters' will have to be forced to ."
Young children and children in Riga have been organised in Riga.
In this summer, Riga's municipalities have installed even two new playgrounds in the city, the town of China and the Chiekurymes, which are already available to children at the moment.
The island of the Japanese beach is installed in a wide, multifunctional playground ship with different elements of stealing, bridges, games, trubs and slippers.
The playground is intended for children of all ages.
There are also cells and different elements of balancing.
The fantasy world is a splendid position in small shipping outlets in the Daugava coast with a view to the port of passenger ports and there are visible cruise ships.
In the playoffs between Chechen 4 and 5, the playoffs are the playoffs, battery, grade, balance, cell, play-ball and other games elements, as well as the exercise with purse force and coordination training, etc.
Under the court's rubber coverage of the different colours.
Until the playoffs are included in the street, a new stock of colours paved the cover of the stock.
The road phase has been open to Medvedev.
Transport Minister Uldis Augulis, the National Road Map (LVC), and the Latvian National Road Map (LVC), and representatives of municipal builders, Safe Drink and Local Representatives today revealed the reconstructed country's main road Russian border (Grebgeva) -Rescue (Daugavpils), the border of Lithuania (A13) from Medvedev to Lithuania (156.4.-163,05. km) 
Roads are a national visit, especially border routes, and a special grazing is to discover the redesign phase of the border with our southern neighbours.
This is another example of the fact that the situation of the European Union funds for cofinancing in the country's main roads is improving.
"As the forecasts show, the funds available to the roads in this period of programming will be made in 2018, and we must think about continuing the most busy motorways in a very good quality, and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all Latvia's regions without the European Union's funding," the symbol of the symbolic lent emphasised Uldis Augulis.
The Transport Minister also noted that proposals for sustainable financing for Latvian roads will be presented in the government in the near future.
The construction works phase from Medins to Lithuania (156.4.-163,05. km) SIA Binders launched last year and continued after a technological break this year.
The cost of Reconstruction is €13.5 million (including VAT), the project co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"The road structure is fully restored at the road stage and will start repair work next year from Medvedev to the Daugavpils, until the whole path from Lithuania's border to Daugavpils will be settled," the head of the LVC board Janis Lange.
The main roads are the most busy road and by 2018 we intend to ensure that all national main roads are in good condition.
The next task will be to maintain them in good quality, ensuring periodic maintenance and to carry out a sharp lease of the sharp leasing of the lease every 7 years.
"It will, of course, require appropriate funding, and all travellers are looking forward to the proposals drawn up by the group of experts for the setting-up of a road finance system," noted Mr Lange.
The project has arranged road connections and lighting at the centre of the Medvets.
Significant land works are carried out: Four phases of large amounts of reinability and large-scale incitement and surplability, equalled the volatile road garene, which was so uneven so far.
The renovation of public transport and rebuilt the ceiling for public transport.
The road was not enough to be unrealistic and the areas were not reviewed because of the mountains, and the old road.
The next construction season is expected to renew the road phase from the city of Daugavpils to now reconstructed for the reconstructed phase (144,80.156.40 km).
This year, the LVC intends to carry out various types of work over 100 kilometres per country.
Information on all repair works planned for national road network projects is available on the LVC website www.enceli.ls
"The right choice of food combinations is essential to achieve the results of the desired weight reduction," said Lithuania, Laura Romeraite, Kuklieriene.
Moreover, it is easy to do so during the summer period when fresh fruit, berries and vegetables grow up in our own gardens.
The combination of smart diets can help not only reduce overweight but also to targeted the different organism processes.
Pasta and vinegar are a successful combination, because they provide a lasting sense and help fight the people.
Studies published in the European Capital of Clinical Nutrition have shown that the label has a positive impact on the blood of glucose and helps us feel mundane.
Kajphano pepperi and protein rich ethics, such as poultry meat or protein cocktail, create not only a sense of sizes but also reduce the temptation after large meals in the next food.
Such a combination of editions is also capable of increasing the number of calorific calories by up to 35%.
Studies show that Kajic peppers can help to get rid of the fat in the vicinity of the fat.
The egg contains a nutrient - holin, while the source of vitamin C is good.
In the light of sufficient quantities of these nutrients, it can reduce the level of cortization, thus also the fat accumulation of the body's average.
The avalanche of fresh berry, which is added fresh, is another Map and a finger of a burning edge of breakfast that is worth including in its own edible map.
The rewards and berries contain fibres which, according to the Canadian scientists' conclusions, are controlling the greets - the stigmatisation of stimulating hormones - and thus also a sense of salute.
Moreover, the berry contains polyphenolus that is palliative in weight and prevents the building on the fat.
Vegetables and proteins are also able to make miracle weight reduction.
This combination is capable of creating a sense of sizes.
Vegetables contain water and fibre, so a sense of sizes is encouraged.
At the same time, protein is slowing down the digestive process and provides a sense of time.
Lunch can eat the butcher with salates or prepare a protein cocktail from a ready mixture and enjoy it together with its favourite vegetables.
No combination of products.
Fruit is sugars - monosaccharides or disaharides - the compounds of one or two molecules.
In contrast, the starch in vegetables is polisaharide.
Fruit in the coin in mechanical and chemically undistributed, up to a third or fourth degree in the digestive process, which is taking place in the branches, is a result of the fruit.
Close to the three different stages that begin in the mouth are starch.
It is therefore essential not to eat salmon days immediately after the malnet.
Eating salmon days immediately after the malware, it is' trapped 'with other edible meals, where it is not being chemically rumoured and is beginning to bother.
Do not eat maizi, potatoes, horses, bananas, computers or other carbohydrate products with cites, happiness, oranges, greetings, anipfries, anthropic or other acids.
Ptialin, pyalalin, is only operating in alkaline environment.
Fruit acid is not only hampered by the greening of carbohydrate, but also contributes to their enzymes.
Do not eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk, or milk and similar proteins in one day.
Their processing requires different digestive juices, each of them with different strengths, characteristics and time when the curesult is to come.
Armed, honey, Muslim and other melons always eat separately from other editions.
The melons are not greeted if they are in the curesult with other foods.
Fat combinations with proteins for rich products.
Fat forms a successful combination with starch, but it cannot be said about fat and proteins - fat is hampered by the protein greed.
Protein can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
If a large quantity of products containing protein is consumed, avoid fat use.
This also applies to fresh - it is not advisable to combine a large quantity of nuts (contains proteins) with a whole source of avocados (contains fat).
Such a combination is hampered by effective weight reduction.
How can we be prepared?
"Cooking, termistic treatment creates a significant loss of nutrients by around 15% to 55% of the original nutrients of products," the dietological statement shall be indicated.
In most cases, nutrients are lost in water, while maintaining food in water.
However, the nutritional value of some foods is growing, while maintaining it.
The recommended use of liquids in the river washing liquids is recommended to be used in the light of the puzzle in the present case, which will not lose the nutrients remaining in water and will be able to eat them later.
The vegetables should be prepared for vegetables, including vapour.
Thermal treatment significantly increases the bioopinability of tomatoes contained in tomatoes.
The quantity of button 30 minutes is increasing, with a rate of 25% increasing.
Thermal treatment also significantly increases betakarotine biopieejamity, which can be found in red, yellow, orange plants, such as tomatoes, in the vicinity, the islands, potatoes and spelt.
The processing of eggs and meat thermal treatment shall take into account the natural characteristics of the existing protein, making them easier to digitize.
The processing of meat and egg termism makes it easier for the products to be produced by the products and other mineral substances in the absorption organisms.
It should also be borne in mind that the freezing of products can reduce vitamin C from 10% to 90%, while the fibre freezing of the fibre does not affect the fibre.
The bean combinations of beans can increase the iron reception of iron, which in turn provides better brain and musculosity.
Our organisms are taking up to 33% less in the blood-creative iron, which is found in plant products such as beans, sheepmeat, cereal products than the blood-iron iron, which is found in the products of animals such as beef, fish and vista.
You can significantly increase the absorption of the blood-creative iron by using the diet of the food containing vitamin C, such as oranges, tomatoes and coal, for example, orange, tomatoes and coal.
Vitamin C helps to change the blood-creative railways so that our organisms are more easily absorbed by our organisms.
Iron is required for the production of hemoglobin production, which provides oxygen to muscles and the brain.
To achieve maximum benefits from salmon, they add to those healthy fat, such as olive or linseed oil.
When preparing butter reading, you are adding to vitamin D and the sardine unadditives, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the amount of intestinal capping of the intestines and has a significant role in the process of slaughter.
Oats (as well as other total grain products) together with vitamin C sources, such as strains, river, avenues and other fruit or coal, help stabilise cholesterol levels, and avoid the hiring of arteria.
Snapchat "Anime" is critical of the fight against soaring cartoons
The Safarers' representatives say that the film has inspired animity, but some commentators claim that this is racist.
With this slow effect, Snapchat allows 150 million users to change reality in a daily manner and to play their own identity.
You can turn ourselves into a anguish, Suni or image that was fit in the Rated in the painting of the Réttenstein painting.
Lenses are spralat, pictorial instruments that generate more than 30 million modified selfies per day.
Any mistake shall be quickly visible.
Snapchat slower effects have been criticised earlier by the reproach that the app promotes too black or volatile skin toes as ideal beauty etalons.
The new slow effects of cheap oil have been published this week, allowing users to build a soluble eye, the ham and the shoes and some critics have called it a racist cartoons - yellow genes ."
The question was also whether such contradictions do not show that the company has greater diversity with diversity.
News and public disgrace were outburst Wednesday when the "verge" and Motherboard reported that the estimated impact of the scars has been removed from the taxation.
The company explained that the aim of cheap lenses is to portray Anime images and not to carix people of the flowers.
However, people who have seen racism have reminded these effects the painful stereotypes.
Others have categorically denied the similarity with Anime.
The Twitter study of the American arts student Greisas Sparapani on Twitter has been a broad record of the images of the Greisas Sparapani, which he said in a letter of "the slow and uncomfortable," which was "an uncomfortable."
She added that it is difficult to see the obvious similarity between aziats caricatures and the slow effects of the eyes.
This shows that the slow effect is not simply yellow face but yellow face for racism.
Snapchat is not the only company that has fallen into these cultural traps.
American culture is also involved in the endless struggle for diversity and inclusion from the premises of companies to the Hollywood and the devices that we use on a daily basis.
And Snapchat, a large audience of young people representing different race, unlike the elderly, is more sensitive to such cases.
If the Snapchat lenses are set up to have a image that offends users, then the same thing is not enough, the 25 years old in Keitija.
The President of Medium, the company, the Medium, is erased his Snapchat app and recommended others to do so.
In my article, Medium and in the telephone interview, she explained that they had problems in relation to the Snapchat employment policy, which is not enough to support racial diversity.
The President criticised the company's leadership, which is mainly white men and then concluded its article by reference # DeleteSnapchat.
"This means that there is no racial diversity in the company, so decisions are being made or that they are working in the company for some other racial representatives, but they do not take the position to be safe and comfortable with the," Chinese Americans, Richard Zou, who is in the company ."
They also share the view others, while Snapchat has not responded to her complaint.
The company does not disclose the staff, indicating that it is a private company.
Snapchat refused to discuss the origin of its employees, but it revealed that the company has been a member of staff professionals who will focus on the representation of racial minorities that are not widely represented and will contribute to the company.
In turn, Mr Žou does not new his Snapchat account, adding: 'I wonder whether they really need more users as we understand that it is wrong ."
Congress announces that military officials have amended reports of Islamic Valletta.
The House notes that the US Central Patent Representative has amended reports by depicting the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria much more optimistic than is actually the case.
The analysts of the Central Patent Intelligence Office are generally disappointed by the interim report of the Bruxelles Committee, the Session of the Department of Veterinary and the Subcommittee on Defence Finance, which said that their leadership was controlling the reports of American success in the fight against Islamic Valletti.
The Central Patent, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tampere, Florida, which oversees the military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia in the US.
The latest news reports show that the reports by the intelligence service, endorsed by senior Centcom leaders, reflect the US's fight against terrorism more positive than is actually the facts, depicting better achievements than the other intelligence analyses have shown.
California Republican spokesman Kens Kalverts tells us: "The action of the Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers are those who suffer if our policy makers receive false reports."
Centcom management errors are under the leadership of the organisation.
This 10 page report in detail highlights the existing challenges in the central and analysis of the Central Preliminary Return and the American efforts to prepare Iraq's forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide unreasonable evidence that senior officials of the Obama administration would have made a statement of reports, but it shows that the Centcom leadership has made some pressure on analysts to portray an optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State (known as the threat of the Islamic State or ISIL).
The report states that in the first half of 2015 the Central administration press rests, statements and reports depicted the situation in a very positive light than was actually the case.
For example, the Centcom representatives publicly stated that the recovery operation of Mosul could start in April or May 2015.
Mosul is the second largest city in Iraq, which is still under control of the Islamic State.
The Republican Party, Michael Pompeo, told us in his report: "A number of months of inquiry is clearly confirmed by."
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the US Central Management's main officials had amended reports by picking up an ISIS threat in Iraq weaker than they were in fact.
The Republican Party set up a group of working groups to learn that analysts are concerned that information about the Islamic State is being modified.
The report will follow on Thursday's report on the new findings in this case.
The Director-General of the Ministry of Defence shall carry out the investigation of the activities of the Centcom intelligence service.
The members of the intelligence committee's Democratic Committee have made public their own report on Thursday, which agrees with some of the conclusions of the Republican Party's working group.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Adams B. This report says, from 2014 to 2015, Centcom too limited the preparation of intelligence assessments in connection with the security forces of the Islamic Republic of Iraq and the Iraqi Security Force.
Mr Šifa explains that this process "stopped the dissemination of information," aggravated analysts' work and "spreading the truth."
But the members of this House of Commons and Democrats added that there is no evidence that the White Nams has put pressure on Centcom analysts to draw up reports, according to "previously defined or political positions."
The Daily Beast published the preliminary results of the Congress's investigation on Thursday.
In August The New York Times reported that the Pentagon's Directorate-General has launched an investigation after the Citycom analysts complained.
The Pentagon spokesman said Patrick Evans announced that the Pentagon would not comment on the Congress report until the investigation continues.
He added that experts sometimes misinterpreted complex data, and the Ministry of Defence and intelligence administration calls for constructive dialogue on vital national security issues.
The inquiry is not only about the question whether the campaign of the American bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful (asserting more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's charges call into question whether President Obama can rely fully on the reports from the Central Managing on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticism of the Islamic State intelligence is reminding more than ten years of events when the Centre of Centcom intelligence analyst Gregorijs Hap, who was published by the University of George W. Bush, was released by the Bush Administration in Afghanistan, too little thought about its potential consequences.
Hocers also played a significant role in the discovery of the Islamic State intelligence issue.
Last year, official representatives reported that the Hocle team found that the Hockey team found that the air flight airlines have not significantly deteriorated the financial situation of terrorist groups, as they had built temporary factories to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September that this discovery did not come outside the Central Management Wall.
The Centcom commander, General Loids Ostin III, was in the moment, because many law makers considered that the situation reports were too positive.
In April, General Ostin's leave and his place was General John Erels, who was General in the House.
The US is in the game of the UK, with Britain in the field of the game, which is the United States, thus gaining the fourth victory in a row.
The day after victory over Japan, with a result of 6: 1, Keitija Bama scored the first two goals in the US field of the US women field hostage when the Americans made the Indian team with a 3-0 win.
Five rebounds in two games are a unforgotten achievement, but the 27-year-old Bama said that I could not remember whether it had been possible for her ever.
She said: 'I have no idea'.
I am not the people who are in the numbers.
But she knows that the American result is 4: 0, which would not be separated by Britain in his group, which will not be defeated by Britain on Thursday, with 2: 0 remained unwon.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday to play the final match of the first round.
The two teams have already been qualifying for a quarter and a game will only be a game that will take the first place in the six team group and the second.
The first place will be avoided by a meeting with the strong Dutch read, which is the leader of the second group.
Although the American game is not going to be struck, the Americans have already been summoned by the surprise storm, four years ago in London, the last place between 12 teams.
It also had Bama
She was a fan of Bishop, the field hook for the first time in the three years (her old dash nurses have already been employed with this type of sports in Dreksela) and the nation joined when she was 16 years old, becoming a random player in history.
She was not in the final Olympic Games for the 2008 Olympic Games.
But 2012 was a failure to her and her team.
The English Kregs Parhams was appointed as a random coach in the next year and all changed to the right side.
Bama called it "cultural, mentality and physical change."
In London we did not invest as much work as now.
We have changed everything.
The fourth game was the result of the game, with the result of the first half of the match with the close to the foot.
India's game started without a victory in his account, but their team was very warm and kept a minimum of 0: 1 to the end of the third period when Bama rested in the final.
She was led by the ball in the opposite zone by the left, then it was to be the middle of the court and to send the ball the opposite of the ball, directing the Americans 2: 0.
The fourth period Melisa Gonzalesa scored a different match.
This was the first US gateway in the dry game of the US, in each of the first three games.
She is going to go.
And Bama.
"We are very well now going to go well," said Pahams, but how well it is, the game will be on Saturday.
The most depressing edition of the depression period is "Situous malware"
In March 1933, the Frenchman Delano Rūzvelt, in the seat of the President, was sat in the Oval in the seat of the election in the Oval in the run-up to the edge of the city.
The President Rutzov has been a laughing culinary in the delicate of the atrocities, or the soup of the Merilendas Armed Forces.
However, this afternoon, his malnet was far more modest: The tomato, the potato thickness and dessert of the stream.
James Ziegelmane says: 'It is a way of showing solidarity with people who are very hard on the day'.
Her husband, Andrjū Kou, said: "It is also a message for the Americans how we should eat."
A couple of the District of Influal Heights is the historians.
Kou's last book "Dear Saufaist" describes the Chinese virtual kitchen, but Ziegelmane in his book "97" writes life through the day in the eastern Lower of Manhetenas.
Their new joint work on the Suctural Malnet, published on Tuesday in Harper, is the story of the American Day of Easter depression.
Showing some solidarity in the cultural heritage, they held the edge of reporters, Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a simple lunch stairs in the Flatiron district and working from 1929, when a major depression began.
Mrs Ziegelmanes ordered butter to be butchmated with the cheese and the defeat olive, while 57 years old Kou ordered the net, potato thickness and vegetable salts.
When a reporter ordered the fake boy, the couple admitted that his choice is very appropriate to talk about the Easter depression.
Mrs Ziegelmanes told us that the fake boy was very popular.
There was a green boy.
They were prepared from the basic component and other components that were enriched by malts.
Imagine how it is - to eat so much strawberries to be a lunch.
Mr Kou went out.
"I'm sure they were full of celebration," he said.
In the years of the early depression, the American lunch gallery was a Swedish end, especially in rural areas.
Women were prepared to eat their husbands and breakfast, lunch and dinner have been made fresh.
During the first World War, it was the Americans sent Europeans a day of the Situous Malnet described as the Americans adapted the circumstances when America suddenly was no longer a reproach land.
"At that time, the ethics became the main focus of the American people's daily lives, Mr Kou, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write exactly on this subject.
Equally important became the new budget diet: Unknown editions like counterfeit boys and sautants became everyday, the sautings were "an excellent way to use the surpluses," Mrs Ziegelman, who was unable to hide the unattractive components below the cradle.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheap fruits.
The meat that was the main ingredient of American malware for years now became an extremely rare luxury commodity.
At a time when the number of calories and edible nutrition was more important than a taste, new, unseen forms of birth.
Mrs Ziegelmanes, in a Senate, found the prescription as prepared by the low nuts of butter.
Mr Kou added: "It was not a popular addition to lunch.
Mrs Ziegelmanes underlines: "It was a hearty."
The low nuts of butter and the bar are not compatible.
Many home-grown recipes applied for difficult times.
The household economists like Luise Stenraf, the Federal Head of the Economy Office from 1923 to 1943, have laid down a state eating habits that were not experienced before the Great Depression and not after it.
In the publication of articles and prescriptions in newspapers and magazines, they recommended households to become "economic" and to adopt challenges such as the turn of pasta and carrot in a shrimp of the garage and the carrot.
"Sénuttnet" means a historic long barley.
It is particularly interesting that there is evidence of the government's attitude towards its hungry citizens, such as President Herberta Husa, let me eat peat ."
Although he told him publicly about his ordinary childhood and eating in Aiova, he actually was a fine million man who has become.
Mr Kou tells us: "He was a European kitchen, for example, a fish with a cucumbers."
He was in almost plaice in the hospitality, wearing a lunch gesture.
He was completely disposed of reality.
President Rulzon would have allowed the same mistake unless his wife Eleonora would have recommended that he would set an example with his eating habits.
The book shows that Razzdeti was a domestic servant who did not learn to eat, until the White Nams became a place "where not only was one of the most uncomfortable editions in Washington but also the worst pawning eels."
As soon as the country's economy is copied, most of the depression is lost in the parasites.
But we continue to focus on calories and nutrition, as well as how to use science in the cultivation of science, added Mrs Ziegelman.
A couple of stories tell us that, when writing the book, they obtained a greater understanding of the eating habits of Mrs Ziegelmanes, for example, why she was unable to throw out the day.
"She really feared the clock," Mr Kou said.
Mrs Ziegelmanes said: "She actually tracked people."
There was a incident with wind.
When we were in the Eisenberg hall, a writer was beaten from the Finnish home in a dessert: The bottle, which President Rulzov used to eat half a day.
"It's a drain puff," said Ms Ziegelman, adding that at the time there was a habit of a modest use of the shadows of the shell.
It is not a puff, only dried stream, a little mila, sugar, water and canvas.
Everyone is intolerant in the carcass of the brown mask that was on the ground.
It was not so bad.
Mr Kou was still a few coumosus.
He said he was a cheese to hear the "economy," he said.
Gilead will receive reimbursement of legal expenses in the fight against Merck on hepatitis C patent
The judge has decided that "Gilead Sciences Inc" is entitled to return expenses for legal services paid in the case of the non-patent C patent against the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June Gilead was justified in the case of a case of 200 million pounds of fines for the lion's two Merck patents, which threatened it in connection with the successful Sovaldi and Harvoni tablets when the US federal judge found violations of Merk activities such as melting after a atrocities after the death of atrocities and other unethical activities.
In the case, the US District judge Bets Labness, the US District judge, said that Gilead had the right to claim compensation for legal expenses that it has made to replace this case.
Merck is trying to obtain a market position against Gilead, which is dominated by the market with the new generation of hepatitis C, which is effective 90% in the case of liver diseases.
The case was launched in 2013 when Gilead and Merck complained each other in an attempt to obtain ownership of the newly developed active component of sofosbuvir, which is a key part of Gilead's medicinal product.
The forces supported by the US claim that the city of Manbidj was completely taken over by Islamic State.
The US supported forces in their control of the Manbidi city of northern the country at the Turkish border and the last Islamic State soldier has left the city, a group of groups said Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) currently portray the city from the last opponents who have not yet left the city.
They have released more than 2000 hostages to civilians who had been captured by fighters, told Reuters that Charles Darvii was a military council from SDS allies.
"The city is now in complete control and we are conducting a group of fighters," he told Reuters.
Clinton's income in 2015 amounted to 10.75 million dollars and a couple paid 34.2 percent of the federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton made a 2015 tax declaration, where the Democratic Party president's candidate and her husband have earned 10.75 million dollars in this year and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent respectively.
Clinton has received USD 1 million in 2015, mainly for his Clinton charity, former President Bill Clinton earned around $5.3 million, insisting on the Spanish and former secretary of State's own book of 3 million dollars from his books on the work of the State Department, which is published in cooperation with Simon & Schuster.
Clinton's election ally, US Virgin State Senator Tyson Keins and his wife Anna Holtone have made public their tax declaration for the last 10 years.
In 2015, they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
Clinton's Clinton and Tyson Keins continue to set new standards of financial transparency ," Clinton's campaign partner John PALMIERI said in a statement.
Donald Trump is in contrast to the various prerogatives and reservations, so that pledges to disclose their tax information should not be fulfilled.
The publication of the tax information paid is the practice of the US presidential candidates, but does not require the law.
Trump and his lawyers are named in the Auditor's Auditor Audit as a reason to unlock tax information.
"Your march," the candidate, Clinton, said, on Twitter.
Trump Special Adviser Michael Kohens told CNN that he would not allow the public to make tax information public before they are completed.
Trump critics, including the Republican presidential candidate, Mits Romnijs and other Republicans, say that his refusal is to raise questions about his real estate, donations and other business commitments, including its commitment to Russia.
Clinton pulled oil fire on Friday, when a number of influential Republicans claim Trump to make their tax information public.
She returned to this issue during an economic speech on Thursday in Michigan.
She announced the crowd: "He refuses to do what has been done for decades in the presidential candidates."
"Politico tells us that over the 1990s Trump has paid very little or no taxes, and Friday the New York Times's business column said that many books and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
Federal tax rates are an important issue in these presidential elections.
Clinton, in support of the billionaire's powerful proposal, is promoting the idea that anyone who deserves more than $1 million a year has to pay a tax of at least 30%.
President Barack Obama also supports this proposal.
Last week Clinton's speaking time in Omah, Nebraska, where he is also in his' Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate ', Bafets called Trump to exchange tax declarations.
The Bafets said that he also made a statement from the Proceedings and Trump fears voters, not the tax authorities.
Clinton has made public tax information available until 2007.
Now Clinton lives in Chechnya, New York and the average federal tax rate of around 32 percent in New York and 2014, and a total tax rate of around 40.5 percent.
Clinton's 2015 tax report shows that, unlike most Americans, only 100 dollars of their income are wages.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund, from which the Clinton dividend has received $109,000.
Kevin Dravbaughs, editor of the report
Jewish film by criticising hotel in Berlin on the shutting of Israeli distance code following a request from Araa - RT report
The French film of Jews is a storm social media when the Israeli police officers are not available in Berlin's hotel, the hotel staff said in Berlin, the hotel's hotel staff said.
Klods Lancmans, documentary films on the Holocaust Shoah by the Greeks, without a little dissatisfaction with the Berlin Kempinski Bristol hotel and addressed a German newspaper FAZ.
In recent visits, Lancmans tried to find a list of Israeli telephony codes on the hotel list.
However, the country was not included in a list of countries that can call directly from the hotel number.
How is it possible that in Berlin in 2016, the new German capital, Israel is wiped out and destroyed?
Write Lancmans.
Instead of the Kempinski Bristol hotel, a hotel is offered to call the country through its call centre.
The call for explanations from the hotel staff was requested.
Lancmans writes that the response received "has shocked her."
The hotel administrator explained "it was aware of the decision by the hotel management decision."
The code is still more sank for the film director.
"Most guests have Arabs and asked for the Israeli code to be removed," Lancman quoted the explanation of the hotel.
Sudan's ambassador to Germany, Mr Zhanov, said that the Israeli ambassador in Germany was called "a great shame."
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
The same is a great shame on itself.
And the fact that this has happened directly in Germany, it is precisely that the hotel network is even more humiliating.
Explanations are not necessary.
He said: "We hope that the hotel will draw the right conclusions."
This event has also been quite broad on the Internet, where people were called the scandal.
Others believe that the hotel is simply being used by the Kempinski hotel.
Somebody else told the House of "Kauniebot," pointing out that the hotel is located in Kurfurstendamm Street beside the synagogue.
The opportunity for Der Spiegel said that it was a hotel that was quickly rejected by all the rests, announcing that all of this was "misunderstanding" and apologised to Lancmanam.
"We have not received a direct order to remove Israel from the list of national numbers," the Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes Kempinski.
And add that the code is again attached to the list.
Police use rubber loads and tear gas against protesting Brazilian students.
The clashes between students and police took place on Thursday in the town of Sanpaio in Brazil, where students gathered in the demonstrations against reform of the government's education system.
The police used rubber loads and tear gas against students.
The problems began when the law was tried by law enforcement students, as a result of the police used rubber loop and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to show their reluctance to be able to pay their dissatisfaction against the reform of the education system.
The proposal of Governor Geraldo Alckmina, Governor of Sanpaulu, provides for close to 100 public schools, while 300 000 students will be transferred to other schools with a view to saving money.
Some demonstrators brushed up on walls against the interim President Mafricu Temeru.
This protest was just a few days after the previous protest when students gathered in demonstrations with the aim of supporting the President Dilma Rousefai, who voted in favour of the impeachment.
Own Kelk Skiners finishing first by withdrawing Britain gold medal in cycling
Kelums Skiners from Scotland finished the first male cycling team in Rio Wales, which took place last night.
The 23-year-old is playing a major role in these races from Glasgow, making it a proud of Seru Krisu Hou and the victory of the winning New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain scored a striking victory when HOJS won fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they were also repeating at the World Championship in London, although HOJS had already finished his career in sportspeople.
The problems were between the Beijing and London Olympics, because they had to replace the Stalin Stafu of the experienced stark.
They managed to get them at the last minute.
When HOJS went out, his place tried to fill Kians Emadi and Miss Krampton.
The British coaches put the hopes of a Skiner, looking at the potential he has subsequently proved.
Hindes, Kenya - champions the championship four years ago, with Hou and Skiners who fitted the Olympics record, but the race was better started in New Zealand's team.
However, the British trio won gold medals.
Hindes, after his own vicinity, had close engines, Kenya put the lead and the friend got the lead.
The strategy was a major role in the victory, as the Hindes came with more transfer to allow Kenya and, in particular, to move the message faster.
The HOJS races watched as a BBC representative and a nose for Manchester, Kenya and Hindesa eye look at the point when they rise to the honor.
The 23-year-old gluckesman said: "It was a unquestionable pade-to-be.
I do everything to defend my name.
We have been in the finalists and the World Cup.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better victory.
After winning with Kenya and Hood in London, the Olympics in London, Hindes admitted that they were going to be trapped in the slums after the failed start.
He later rested this comment and the British competitors had no chance of proving the opposite.
This time it was not a case of incidents.
The British flag was a remark in London.
We have become a salelt team in the last 3 months.
We have lost so many World champions, so victory for the Olympic Games was really special.
One medal races in the country, which won seven of the ten gold medals in cycling in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is a team progress indicator over the last five months, then five days will be very exciting.
In view of the outcome of Kenya, he could indeed repeat the success of Hucía's success by obtaining three Olympic gold medals.
In Kenya, this would mean six wins gold and one silver medal, and Kenya is born 23 March (it looks like it is the British sack date, because this day, Stous Regreivs, Mo Farahs and Rodžers Banisters, the day of this day - were born.
The HOJS was born in this date.
Kenya is the sprint that starts today and will continue the next three days.
The 28-year-old sportsman from Bolton said: "I am all simply blatted at the moment.
The team's trip is always the best.
Because it can win with team members.
If you honestly win, it is a little single ."
He said that "if he won two gold medals, he would be to appoint the arms."
On the day it was the only battle for medals, but they did not have the only good news for Britain.
Sir Paul Vigins, Eds Club, Stalin Burks and Ovein Douls showed the fastest qualification time in four kilometres.
Their time was 3: 51.943
The world record fitted in London in 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and finalists will take place today in the second half of the day, where Vigin will certainly be at the centre of the focus.
Yesterday, before the qualification trip, he had no agreement with the Commissioner when judges were called him to measure his fruit.
The Women's Day, which will continue and will be closed today, Laura Trota, Joanna Rovsela Šanda, Elinora Barkere and Keitija Arčibalda from Milnavia were installed in the new record 4: 13.260.
The British delegation hopes that British cycling team is going to win the medals at the middle of the Olympic Games.
Bearing in mind the excellent and incoming performance of Beijing and London, everyone expects the same achievements to be made in Rio.
Meanwhile, the scenes have gone different, following allegations of sex and dignified behaviour, the technical Director Sheeeima's Satone, and the career, also ended in HOJS and Viktor Bendleton.
But the first round of the race seems to be the fact that Britain will be at the highest level at the time.
The future of the Portland Caucasus is becoming unclear, as a interrupted ambitious agreement is interrupted.
The aluminium slaughterhouses and hundreds of its employees in Port Moreson have become unclear, as its main customer's energy company announced the interruption of cooperation.
This communication is based on the plans of the Viktorian Government to stop subsidising energy companies, which are vital for the company to continue its work.
The 20 years of subsidies will be suspended in November.
More than 2000 Alko Portland's jobs are at risk.
There could be no danger of both direct and indirect jobs.
Moreover, it will also have unforeseen side-effects, as the bone is consuming around 10 percent of all the Viktorian electricity supply.
In 2014, Alcoa was shut down Point Henry's battle with a break in the operation of Anglesea power station.
The Markety Portland Caucasus is working with losses and may be closed.
These events have led to a number of years of speculation on the rise in the value of the Australian dollar and the cost of factories.
The plant's energy supplier "AGL" supplying energy from its "Loy Yang A power station Latroubes ievre" says that the other three owners would probably cease their contracts.
Most power plants belong to the Alcoa and Alumia Joint Undertaking, including the company CITIC and Marubeni Corps, the company of the Chinese Obliges Corps, and the Japanese Marubeni Corps.
"AGL" hopes for a continuation of the Portland factory plant, which would mean further energy supply to the slaughterhouse ," said its representative.
"AGL" said that contracts are so-called "risk restrictive contracts," which are due to enter into force from November 2016.
Contracts have 12 months of validity, so they will be in force until 2017.
"AGL" plans to receive revenue from these contracts in 2017, said the company's representative.
From 2018, the potential impact of fiscal year 2018 is constrained by a positive market outlook for future wholesale prices for electricity.
"AGL" claims that the losses of the $187 million dollars have already been lost in their forecasts, with the fact that these contracts will be stopped.
"Alcoa" is telling us that the decision to terminate the contracts will not affect "Alcoa" as far as possible to continue the slaughterhouse or supply energy.
The US company says that it has concluded a contract with Loy Yang in 2010, but it will be interrupted in November, but the company does not explain why it will stop cooperation.
Analysts have expressed concern about the possible closure of the Portland slaughterhouse in Viktoria and the closure of the Tomago factory near Newcastle, the sector's weak economic economy.
"AGL," Styman Mikelson said last week that, after analysts estimate the people of the Portland in Portland have spent 600 megawatts and Tomago 900 megaavatus energy.
If both plants are to go from the energy market, energy demand would be significantly reduced.
And that would not be good.
The Community legal centre rejects 160 000 people every year.
More than 160 000 people are rejected every year, with the budget cuts worse, the situation could deteriorate.
Three out of five people in Kharslend, - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have funds to combat illegal evictions are refused free legal assistance and representation.
The Community legal centre already overloaded, warns that the situation will only be worse by reducing the funding.
These legal centres will receive 30% less funding from June next year than it has been up to now.
The director of the Kharat Box's Legal Centre, James Farels, said that the latest National Legal Centre's Association Report says that legal aid is currently being refused for thousands of people who need it.
Master Farel said if this decision would not be lifted, the situation will only become worse.
He also says: 'The Kharslendas' legal centre is constantly receiving insufficient funding, which means that the aid is refused thousands of people who need it ."
People who are trying to end violent relations, people with deep debts, families who are experiencing divorce, workers who are dishonest dismissal - all these people have legal problems and this report shows that they do not receive the necessary assistance.
From June 2017, the federal government will reduce the funding of 30 percent, which means that a number of thousands of Kwines will have to address their difficult legal problems without assistance.
We call on the Secretaries-General of General and Katalities, George Brandisu to immediately suspend the reduction of funding so that people who need legal assistance can obtain it.
Last year, the government revealed its plans to build legal aid levels to the national average.
Now it is time to draw attention to the needs of local communities and their clients and to invest in this important area by the Palazčuka Government.
Donald Trump's campaign is a victim of a court because a firearm was thrown out of the staff
New York: Donald Trump's campaign organisers have been brought to court because they have not acted, given that they have opened the firearm against a worker when they have travelled in one car in February.
This incident was described in the Court's request, which was submitted to the Court by Vincents Bordini, a former campaign software, on Wednesday.
Mr Bordini said he had waited for months to start the internal examination of this case but understood that it would not be.
The head of the Philippines was the pistol, put his good indicator on the meat and opened the gig against Vincenta traveller ," Bordini claims in his complaint.
He also claims that the complaints at local and regional campaigns of the campaign, Bordini knew that at least four people have experienced the same.
"Weapons must not be shot to create losses," Mr Bordini said in his complaint.
Only two days before the referral, the Republican nominee has led the Republican nominee to the scandal by announcing the people that "the people of the Second Amendment," i.e. the owners and enthusiasm of the weapons, could act if he won Hillary Clinton and his elected judge.
Trump's campaign said that he had broken his words from the context and he never had any disappearances on violence.
Bordini, with his request, wants to recover compensation from the campaign organisers for negligent supervision, but from the Philippines, on the use of attacks, illegal arms use and emotional stress.
Trump's spokesman Hiksa did not immediately comment.
The Philippines has not been able to contact the Philippines.
WCCB - The Safe Local News Agency says that the Philippines has recently abandoned the campaign.
Nor has it been able to call the 'innovative Consultation Services' of the firms' innovative Consultations'.
Republican candidate Donald Trump has pursued a controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini against campaign committee "Donald J. The For President Inc," 16, 14300, General Court, Mexico, Sami (SBA).
New tradition - paste and sports festivals in Chile.
On Saturday, the first time people gathered on the paths and sports festivals.
After ten years, the celebration was decided that the lake is no longer.
A new page is now overturned.
The day started with sports competitions.
This time the race was not traditional and too seriously, because, for example, the horrors were to be met in the flat target, the boots were flying, the man left by the man, "bumping the bumper," "bumping," the crowd was not in the Olympic Games.
However, each member could show how strong, brave, performing and attaching he is.
After the sports games, all of the freedom of the assembly started, where the Sunday is opened.
It was also a 'child corner', where small could have been thrown out in the courtesy and get a new image of sejow sink.
The new ones that could also become tradition were the debtor's debt, which went to both tractors and motorcycles.
All the speakers were heard by the head of the Housing of the Levellman, Inga Cadibre, the Scadian, who wanted a nice rest and a dry time, but it was not a lot of disturbance.
Sunday was continued with the welcome of the Chinese people.
It is really good that the paint has been complemented by five girls and one pub.
The predators were the amateur artists from Engures, who were very keen to see the ancient dance of Rudens, the different peoples, Redas and the predators of the young people.
And that is nothing to say that the wet stage was also a passe.
Of course, local people and starch were happy to have the famous actor, Janis Jarane and Dainis Porganic, who again had Milded Nabucco and Skaidrte Krane, and the mineral wipe of the Children's seat from the fishermen.
The Balli played a group "pave."
Britain must maintain the Olympic spirit and expand Hucleva.
Huclew will not only contribute to prosperity and growth in local regions and London, but also across the country.
This, I believe, makes Huclew very attractive, as in London in 2012, where we put enormous work to ensure that all the regions of the country are the winners of the Olympic Games.
The Stratfork and Iceland gained extremely much of the Olympic Games.
And we will do it again by providing local citizens and businesses with business opportunities near Huctrova.
We will have 10 000 new business opportunities, 40 000 new jobs, and finally put an end to youth unemployment in Huclew, which we are creating.
Like the London Olympics in 2012, it will be people who believe that this challenge is too high and that the expansion of Handtrova is too ambitious.
At that time, people said that Britain would never succeed in the Olympic Games and that it will be a global failure.
The sceptics were wrong for 2012 and also in the case of Handtrova they will not be right.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Huctrova has so far overcome everything.
Like the Olympic Games, Hucleva is a project of infrastructure, which will benefit the whole society, not individual individuals.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs, growth of 211 billion, creating soil and experience at this airport and across Britain.
Hashrope is working a great team that has created a 11 billion pound infrastructure investment programme, with the time and budget starting with the terminal 5, which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years and finally with the terminal 2 built between two more intensive skimmed skins in the world.
They are now ready to set up a third scam, which will be financed with private investment of 16 billion.
The London Olympics 2012 was an excellent success and I am sure that there will be Huclew enlargement.
It is time to revive the Olympic spirit and expand Hasttrova by ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new employment environment that Britain could be proud of.
Lord Pols Deiton is a member of the Huttrova board and former Minister for Commerce of the Economy.
In Switzerland, a woman is scattered on the big road in trying to commit suicide.
The old night was on the road.
The police are trying to find witnesses in a case of accidents when early on Thursday morning on the road to the big road, she was going across several cars.
The accident took place on Thursday shortly after midnight on the A1 road near Morges in the Vo Canton.
The police report of Vo Canton said that it was desperate to commit suicide, a woman had gone to the dark where he was going to a few cars.
Clearly, victims of the old shield, 49 years old, were killed by several cars, including heavy machinery.
She died at the scene.
Several drivers involved in the case have already shown evidence, but others have not yet been identified, say police who call for the drivers and witnesses to refer to the drivers.
The case also has been launched in criminal investigations, which in such case is a logical step, the opportunity for Le Tribune de Geneve, Gilles Hofstellers, said.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Was there any avoidance of clashes?
Mr Hofstellers added: "The prosecutor will be clarified."
Two similar cases have occurred over the last 5 years, according to the fact that none of the drivers will be brought to justice.
In both cases, the pedestrian night had gone on the road, so it was decided that drivers cannot predict that night on the road was located, the newspaper reported.
Last year, a police officer was justified in killing after the unattention when she was a man in August 2014, who was in the middle of the night to the A1 road near Paijernes.
The court found that the 22-year-old had drunk and then looked to sleep on the road.
The Court concluded that the police officers who were on the road to the accident were in the correct way and the judge admitted that the guardian man on the road was a "completely unpredictable and exceptional case."
Anyone who has information on the accident near Morges on Thursday is called for to contact police by phone 021 644 or 021 44 44 44.
The Internet is collecting signatures for the new Revenue Service's post contest.
The petition portal "Avaaz.org" has started a new collection of signatures for the new National Revenue Service (VID) driver.
The petition addressed to ministers of National Alliance (NA) and Farmers (Greens / Farmers) indicates that the public wants to process a process of transparency and professional appointments.
The petition was set up on 10.August and has now signed 55 people.
The process of nominating the Revenue Service's General Ingas Cofferent is a non-professional and unprofessional process.
This is a memory of the best Soviet Union's functional tradition.
It discredes public administration and is once again forcing the public to stand up in government and politician.
"There is a need for a competition with clear criteria to be assessed by all candidates," the petition said.
The author of the report, Janša, said that the public had no known criteria for the selection of the shadow of Cocoa.
Nor is it clear about what the candidates are in the Revenue Service's work.
The petition states that the National Cancer Plan should be created by a new, open competition which is actively addressed to professional candidates, directories in staff and offer adequate remuneration.
The minister's head of the Financial Minister Dana REIZNIECES, Ozola, officially nominated the Head of Revenue Service, was scheduled to approve his new post this week, but the United States' ministers voted against, so the question of the week was postponed.
Samoilov: If we lost, so I played bad.
Alexander Samoilov and Janis Šcdins have hoped to pay tribute to the Rio Games, but not to be able to stop the race, which is the place of the race to conclude the tournament after the tournament was held from the tournament.
One of the world's strongest beaches on Thursday's final game with 1 to 2 (16: 21, 22: 15) lost the brazen of the Brasilru Gonsalvešu Oliveir and Pedra Solber, Salt, to conclude their membership of the most important sporting forum.
The three match matches in the three subgroups in Latvian athletes scored one victory, but even two couples had another victory.
The three couples have been counted as the most unfavourable loss of the three couples, which was the most unfavourable loss of Latvian duo after the match.
"We were in the first six minutes, but the 16 points were also left to 16 points," the game was remembered.
I do not even know how the remaining part of the Seta is left without the points.
It must not be enough.
Then, the whole was on the order and the Seas managed to break the game, and it should have been a good reason for the third round.
It started, but after the parties were changing, the result has only been a team of only one team.
We had too many mistakes in the attack.
The group was in a group of three seasons, almost all the games, and it was therefore the small points that were important.
"I should have been more like a number of 3 points, and not a number of 4 points in a row," said the sportsman.
We knew that Evandru can be preserved.
"First sealed in the first round, I had a second set of 1 2 points, but the third at + 4 had gone to the game," he said.
We tried to show the best game.
I was at the moment, I was not.
I was not looking at the situation before the match but was known that there were as many small points as possible.
"If we lost, Samoilov played a bad day.
From Evandru, it was good to be good to the sergeant and it was also quite well in the first six, but the third in the open serve and was difficult to build an attack.
I was very mistaken in taking the lead directly to Pedra, but it was to be the case.
Samoilov told us that, contrary to the previous match, athletes were not nervous today.
"We were, I'll have got, but the protection was, but it was a better way to accept," said the sportsman.
"They were well played and came in at the end."
Before the tournament, it was said that the loose was the most uncomfortable one that could have been.
We had the prospect of fighting for the first place, but not even outside the group.
"All of us waited for the medal and also we have been in the face of the medal, but then there is no difference - 25.10 or fourth - said Samoilov, who predicted that the duets will continue to play together in the future.
I think that the question will not be and will continue to play together, because this is only one tournament.
Samoilovam was already in Rio de Janeiro, because he was in Beijing with the Margot Power, but four years ago in London, the game played with Ruslanu Sorokes.
Meanwhile, this was the second start in the Olympics.
Latvenergo follows the opening of the gas market from a potential trader.
Latvenergo, the country's energy company, is following the process of opening the gas market both from the consumer and also potential trader positions, said the company's press secretary, Ivita Bidere.
"The decision on whether the future gas market will be added to the future gas market as the trader will determine what the gas market model and the legal framework will be created."
"Therefore, the active involvement of its parties is actively involved in the creation of legislative acts and commenting, as well as to submit its proposals," said Bidere.
The Agency, BNS, has already written that the Ministry of Economics (EM), in cooperation with the Public Service Regulations and the Latvian Guide, has developed the draft rules of Cabinet's rules "Dabasgas trade and use rules" which will change the existing principles of the existing natural gas market, ensuring the right to choose the natural gas trader from 3 April 2011.
When working on the new market regulation, the EM aims to make the natural gas trade process as simple as possible and that the user is understandable to understand.
Therefore, as the most effective and user-friendly solution chosen by the user, the 'central model' of the trader, in which all activities relating to customer service provides a trader - one contract, one bill and one place of information and customer service, leaving the technical issues of the distribution system operator to the distribution system operator.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in electricity trade.
It is recalled that household users are intended to open up market opening - including household users who do not wish to choose another natural gas trader after 3 April 2017, to continue receiving natural gas from the existing trader at a regulated price, thus becoming linked users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas to users of the regulated price is set out by the public trader," the ministry informed.
In addition, economic operators will have to choose the natural gas trader to conclude an agreement on the natural gas trade.
The natural gas trading period will be provided by the natural gas trader for the conclusion of a fixed period of time to conclude the natural gas trading contract.
The Cabinet's draft rules detailed rules for the rights and obligations of the natural gas trader, system operator and user.
The rules shall lay down arrangements for users supplying natural gas and interrupting its supply, the safe use of the natural gas system, the rights of the trader, a public trader, the operator of the system operator, the user and gazified site, and the arrangements for the delivery and use of natural gas; arrangements for a settlement for services received, the extent of a missed interest, traders exchange arrangements and user dependency on natural gas supply disruptions; arrangements for providing natural gas supply users to the public trader.
Vēsākais morning since June, the temporary seats in the rain.
Friday sunk temperatures almost all Latvia are + 6.. + 9 degrees, two night Meds of the 3rd night in Mainsraf, which is the lowest recognised since 14 June, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
A little over + 10 degrees of air temperatures remained in Liepaja.
The quantity of clouds in the country is small, the places on the ground, in the strongest place, in the Kurzeme and the North.
The southern wind is blowing.
The air will be at + 8 degrees in Riga on the morning.
The south-east wind is blowing in the south, the top 3 metres of the second metre.
The maximum temperature of the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre was from + 15.2 degrees in Algig to + 19.9 degrees in Jelgava.
On Friday, the sun will love with the clouds.
Friday in Latvia will be relatively sunny, the guerrilla clouds will bring short term cases.
The air is dominated by the air, the air will be warming to + 17.
The city of Riga may bring a small short time, the sun will be in the sun to + 19 degrees.
The weather is set by the cyclone branch, the atmosphere pressure of 761 to 764 mercury at sea level.
The highest temperature in Europe on 11 August was + 38.. + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The lowest temperature at night to Friday -3 and 8 degrees in the mountain and central parts of Europe.
The Assyrian bull stops the retaliatory and armed man.
The national police (VP) Friday Aspazin in the Aspazian bullying was detained and armed man told Gita Gžibovska, a spokesman for the SMA.
The UP received information about the fact that the Aspazin bull walked a inadequately man who has armed with the weapon and looks heavily.
The exerts of the summons suffered by the summits suffered a traffic accident and a man detained another expeditious.
The man found a gas weapon found in the retaliatory man.
The National Police (VP) machine has already been reported to be in the car centre on Friday.
The accident occurred in the journey to A category A or to prevent a situation in which human health or life is threatened.
However, the street corner of Baron and Dequinza has occurred with a passenger car.
Minister: Next week, it is expected to discuss the increase in the remuneration of the Directorate-General for Revenue.
Minister Dana Reizlor, Ozola (Greens / Farmers), intends to talk about the increase in the revenues of the National Revenue Service (SRS) by Prime Minister Mars Kučinski (Greens / Farmers) next week.
Reizlor, Ozola, told reporters Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the General Revenue Service is urgently needed to make this post more attractive to possible competitive tenders.
The debate on the transfer of tendering conditions was discussed in the same way as next week.
She also stressed that she had no advice on what a specific candidate to speak to the vacant office.
At the same time, Reizer's Ozola said that the head of the National Environment Service Inga Cook would have been a good director of the Revenue Service.
In turn, as regards the current Revenue Service's obligation for the performers, Daci Pelica, who expressed its readiness to claim this post, has repeatedly expressed the view that the new Revenue Service should be "a chance from the edge" and should not come from the Revenue Service's structure.
She also stressed that the changes to the law of the Revenue Service are expected to be returned to Saeima, when the leave will return to the full.
The Agency has already reported that the Minister of Public Environment Service Inga Kocova's Finance Minister Danai Reiznieci Ozolai (Greens / Farmers) submitted a presentation to withdraw his candidacy to the post of the General Revenue Service.
In the application she said, it was not an easy choice, but over the last two weeks, her relatives have experienced serious emotional pressure, although there has been no law condemning the law.
The same thing was that her candidacy has increased the contradictions between the coalition parties who are not acceptable.
The former director of the previous Revenue Service was also left to the office at the end of June.
Oil prices are continuing to rise; rising stock index indices in the US and Europe, as well as the US dollar.
Oil prices in the world are rising on Friday morning, the investor sentiment has been positive in the form of the Saudi Arabia minister's remarks, which are stepping up the expectations that the largest oil winners in September will act to stabilise the world oil market.
Three main US stock index indexes reached a record level on Thursday, which was not observed since 1999.
The main positive factor in the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies.
The rise in oil prices and strong financial indicators of several companies were also the reason for the rise in the European stock Index.
The US dollar rose sharply on Thursday with the euro against the UK's pound and against Japanese Sea.
In New York's electronic commerce market, WTI Markety crude oil prices rose to 1.78 US dollars by USD 43.49 per barrel on Thursday.
"Brent's Marken Markina Oil price was traded in October in London for 1.99 dollars, up to 46.04 dollars a barrel.
The turnover of the Safe Launcher of the Consert is declining last year by 33.8%.
The "Blue Lack" of the Conservient manufacturer was 4.202 million in last year, which is 33.8% less than the year, while the company losses fell 5.7 times to 904,7 thousand euros, according to the Annual Financial Report published by the database.
The company management report states that in 2015 the company worked with losses due to several reasons, including the persistent lack of turnover of the unauthorised funds caused by the 'Unicredit Bank' from the Baltic market by stopping the existing credit line, leaving the Blue lag with the contracts without any chance of fulfilling them.
The company had not sufficient funds to buy cheaper raw materials in large quantities and receive a rebate.
The removal of the relevant bank from the Latvian market also prohibits the company from implementing European Union structural fund support projects which would have allowed the production of new production equipment and modernising infrastructure.
Similarly, the company's financial creators have been negatively affected by the price increases in raw materials and the customer's reluctance to pay more for the goods produced by the company.
"Only in the second half of July 2016 customers recognised price changes and were prepared to purchase goods about the new - higher prices," the company's management said.
In 2015, "Blue Lacetna" began negotiations with potential investors, including the value of movable and immovable assets.
Investors have already been the company's largest creditor "Unicredit Leasing," where the parties have studied and discussed possible investment plans.
At the same time, the company's operation and development have had a positive impact on the implementation of the restructuring and optimisation plan launched in 2014 and 2015.
This plan covers improving and optimising technological processes, which enables greater production and capacity to be achieved.
"There were several equipment that provides for more production speeds," the company's management said.
"The management of the Blue Launch" notes that the purchase equipment purchased in 2016 will allow companies to fulfil the orders that were not as possible until now.
The first production party to be produced on this equipment will be ready in August.
As the intention to record the product is already signed, the whole production of the product will be sold in accordance with the intention protocols.
The new product will increase the turnover of around 300 thousand euros a month ," the company's management said.
The company intends to sign a cooperation agreement on fish products to Iraq in August 2016.
"Blue Lahn" has been sent to Israel for the first experimental container to Israel in 2016, and the US will sign a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the US in September this year.
The company intends to increase turnover by all the above measures.
In 2014, "Blue Lacetna" worked with a turnover of €6.347 million and €5.113 million for losses.
"Blue lag" is established in 1997-and its basic capital is €1.156 million.
The company belongs to two Latvian individuals - Mihailam Kaidanovam (89.11%) and Igoram Schiršonam (10.89%).
Welcome to the museum, the film Divana Leanderi and the press conference are invited to attend the press conference.
Religious can be considered to be the beginning of the career of the Thirded cinema in Zar Leanderes and inspire the city.
The village of Zar Lenderes, who was the fate of a Swedish ambassador in Latvia, was found to be fatal in Riga in 1924, because it was she who was the sole low contraltu of the Zar Leanderes woman who was trying to make the debtor to the theatre of Riga.
Perhaps it is exactly the random capacity in Riga, it became a fatal turn in Zar creativity towards the world's wet trap.
Riga Leanderei was bound to be silent memories and she hoped to go to the Rivia, but unfortunately they were not decided to fulfil, because the Second World War began.
This meeting will be possible for Riga Sunday 2016 and the excellent Zar Leanderes in the role of the excellent Ieva Kervica.
There are certain restrictions on traffic limits in the Aglonas.
In order to ensure the safety of the General New Year Maries, the safety of the reception fans from 12 August to 15 August at 18.00 will be closed to the transit of trucks by a number of national roads in Aglon, the VAS Latvian National roads reported.
These restrictions will not be covered by the public and public transport for the festive players and public transport.
It should be taken into account that the motorway of the Bucharest site of Krumins to Krumlava (0.80.4,0000km) is being carried out and the construction site will only be able to cross the public transport and pedestrians from the construction site of Aglonas.
The other road users will be assured by the road to the road - the scheme added.
Traditionally, these festivals come to a large number of participants, including Sunday's travel.
Therefore, drivers must be particularly careful because the different road routes to the Aglon will be a intensive pedestrian movement.
We call on drivers to understand the traffic restrictions introduced by road traffic restrictions, to respect the modalities of traffic organisation and to count on a possible longer time.
Water temperature is slurched below + 20 degrees in all watercourses.
The temperature is continuing to reduce water temperatures and currently in all rivers and lakes, and at sea is below 20 degrees, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
The water is refined to + 16... + 18 degrees, wind has been hit by water temperatures by + 13 degrees, Room moments to + 9 degrees.
The Grand and Daugurry is the water temperature of + 18.. + 20 degrees, other watercourses + 14.. + 19 degrees.
The water temperature of rivers and lakes reached 24 in August, and was 24... + 25, with a total of 22 degrees of water in the south coast of Riga.
The Russian army plane is identified near the border of Latvia.
The Russian army plane was identified near the border, the agency was aware of the National Armed Forces.
The NBS informs that Friday patrols over the Baltic Sea's neutral waters have been identified by the Russian armed forces on the territorial sea border, the Russian military's plane "il 20."
The Agency has already noted several times that Russian army aircraft and the sea vessels at Latvia's borders are identified regularly.
In England, there is a sexual assault on two children in England.
The police officer of England's Berkshire is searching for the attacker who was sexually exploited by Legoland, who sexually used two six years old, told Daily Mail.
The police have asked parents to investigate the photographs of the entertainment park, as the attacker could see the attacker.
Girls have been told about what they have done.
The man has been girls unfamiliar, white skin colour and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists are in the German public service broadcaster.
The 30 people in the Kurdish group took a public broadcaster in the WDR building in Düsseldorf on Thursday evening, where almost two hours of protests were held, the German police report.
Demonstrators who arrived with a poster posters, the scandal of various slogans, trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
The officials said that the demonstrations were in the most unfold and protesters were eventually left to the staff request.
The insurer costs compensation to passengers from passengers cancelled on Wednesday.
If Application has paid a trip to a family on Wednesday, 10 August Airport RIGA, Oct 10 (LETA) - The flight of a family on Wednesday, 10 August Airport, has been cancelled by the airport, which led to a sudden visit from the planned music festival.
On 11 August, the grant of a client was received from a client's claim.
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium, but as a result of the flight removed on Wednesday, the client was calculated as a result of the compensation for the overnight reservation of nights that could no longer be lifted, as well as the purchase of the festival tickets of the purchase festival.
The money spent on aircraft customers has pledged to compensate the airline.
If the case of insurance from all travel insurance charges is paid by an average of 15% of the case, compensation for the suspension or cancellation of travel has been reimbursed.
"The following will be reimbursed for ticket purchases, return or exchange, as well as the reservation of the accommodation, the head of the Insurance Staff Risk Insurance Product Dagnija Rutka.
As we know, on the evening of 10 August, the airport was stopped by a private plane due to a technical problem, and only cancelled several flights, but several arrivals were coming to other airports.
The man is being repaired by the repair of the neighbouring, and forced to leave the house.
The TV channel was turned to Dmitry Saidjašev, who has started to repair capital in his apartment and has since then Dmitry from the Greek gloves to the dried caps and has no confidence that the apartment is safe.
The problem is that my neighbours took arbitrary construction and the ceiling of my apartment has been damaged.
Then I informed Riga Construction Board, House of Representatives and other organisations.
The construction board said that we are not a non-operational service and we have no expert.
"An apartment owner must go to Latvia's Increase Union and there will be a expert," Dmitry said.
The expert called for the hearing has been a mistake and acknowledged that the coverage was not a disadvantage.
However, since the first Dmitry submission of Dmitry, and until this week, it also has no one in the process of answering whether the apartment in the apartment is not life-threatening.
The Bavian Government said that it is legislation, wait if you are not satisfied, write to all of them.
"I wrote to Riga's domain, but they sent the House, then the House is again on the building board and then the stalemate," Dmitry said.
After all the paper's slaughter is clear, the construction works are stopped, while there is something that we can hear from the moment.
There is still a need for expertise in the course of two months and during six months an apartment owner who carries out repairs, all those defects must be prevented.
The independent expert has drawn up its opinion, but the construction board considers it incomplete and superficial.
The expert has not indicated whether the metal grid of the non-soaring construction structure has been touched upon, so it is not a belief that the owner of the submarine owner is threatened.
"We have therefore requested additional explanations from this expert," said Ilze Žūka, the Riga City Council of Riga.
Despite the ban on any repairs in the upper apartment, it is still a result of the construction.
The punishment for arbitrary construction without construction permits is between EUR 70 and 700, but in a particular case may be a good feed.
While an expert opinion is expected, the construction board decided that both apartments should not be operated, both in the construction and in the Dmitry apartment.
"This is a case of construction board in practice, when it is not only in the case of a lack of knowledge or simply in the absence of elections, the citizens may have caused the threat not only of the property of their own property but also the owner of the subordinate property, which may lead to the owner of his property," the spokesperson for the construction board of the company.
Now Dmitry is postponed to look for another place where we live - to the cream, friends, hotels or to render another apartment.
But the losses of Dmitry can be made to recover from a neighbouring civil legal position, which can take very much time.
The arbitrary construction of both live animals is currently prohibited, and it may be expected to wait for three weeks until the cemetery is being closed.
Losses will have to be borne by the owner of an apartment in which repairs have taken place.
This animal owner is due to have not taken into account for the time being, but also in prison for a period of up to six months, that the construction board said.
Name!
How much the lion is in this balance?
The right response: Five.
In Ukraine Demidovas zoo is near the vicinity of the five white soldiers near Kiev.
Everyone feels good and sometimes blinded, despite the fact that the Copts have been breastfeeding.
The transformation of the former PRE sank into fifteen hotel hotels will cost €22 million.
The former Centers for Disease Control for a fifth-star hotel at Park Hotel China will cost $22 million in the final hotel management SIA Park Hotel (Gita Žel).
The creation of the hotel is the first stage of reconstruction of the former Cemeru former sanitary.
The second stage will be the 'wellness' or a good clinical clinic to be opened in 2022, while the launch of the hotel is scheduled for May 2018.
Mr Zelve notes that the cost of accurate clinics is not yet known.
However, she states that it will be located in the former PRE, a pollinate building of approximately 12 000 square metres.
The clinics will be located in three parking positions.
The owner of the Park Hotel PRE and the prospective clinics is the International Fund for the G Capital Europe, which is investing in European assets.
"G Capital Europe" is a number of investors who invest money in this fund, say Zelve.
As said, G Capital Europe, George Dounn, was expected to invest 12 to 15 million euros in the former peat pollinia, amounting to over €30 million in total investment.
The fact that the recovery of the historic park has been destroyed more than 42 hectares in the area of renovation, the interactive nature of the natural tourist sites, the area of natural tourism, the area of good facilities and the parking places of the car construction, which will promote the socio-economic development of JR. 's socio-economic development and the increase in the number of tourists, the Jugo City Council plans to attract €14.5 million to the European Union funds for co-financing with three to
The middle of the 2017 design and repair work will begin in autumn 2017.
As reported, the historic sanitary complex in the Cemeri site is planned to build up a five-star hotel at the Park Hotel PRESI and the wellbeing.
However, reconstruction is a long way.
In turn, the 2010 review was made to the "Ominasis" regular communication of the "Kempinski" hotel operator, which continues to provide daily technical controls for the Cemergent Chemi "PRESR," and would certainly be the "completion of the future hotel" PRE "and immediately started the preparatory work of the Kempinski chain in the course of 2011.
In October 2014, the Ominasis Latvia's own finger of the Ominasis Latvia's Offasis sank of the estate is at auction at the Park Hotel PRESs, but the auction was subsequently recognised as a missed day because the winner was not paid for the purchase.
The price of sales was set at the last price of auctioning at €2.86 million.
As LETA was informed by the City Council's representative Ieva Aile, the municipality of the city has shown that the Protocol has shown that the European Union's structural fund co-funding support will be the revitalisation of the infrastructure - a renewed historical PRE parku, the creation of interactive sites of natural tourism, roads and parking areas.
President, Antojenko, will give Try Zvain's warrant.
President Raimonds Vejonis next week, on 16 August, will give Try Zvajan, Alexander Antojenko, the President of Try, the President, who will be the president of the Try Zvae orange.
The ceremony will take place in the Black House at the end of the day.
As the Latvian National Operations and White (LNOB) information, Antoženko graduated in 1998-graduated Jhazepa Meda Mūzika College, where the game of witch-friendly game and learning to the Margaritas Grasked was taught.
Studied Javepa Vüepa in the Latvian Mijzika College Arfiga in the class Arfiga Lustes class.
The Latvian National Opera Corps started to sing in 1997-, but the role of the O.F.Hendef Opera Alčina in 1998-.
The Grand Music Prize 2003 on the vodka performance will be shown and Verdi Rekvius.
The Latvian ten-year has become the internationally recognised Latvian ten-year in the 2004 / 2005 season, which is the largest world operative to the world.
Since autumn 2004 he has also singled out the "Düsseldorf Deutsche Oper am Rhein," Berlin and Grieas, Dresdenes Semperoper, Oslo and Stockholm Royal Opera, London KoventHungardena, Montekarlo opera, Vienna State Opera, and the Geneva, Dresdenes and SDüdorfas and Salzburg festival.
Antohenko in 2009, with great success in the debt-Prince of the Metropolitan Opera Price, was' Nara '.
In 2011, Antostenko, the former Mayor of the Walkon and Chicago Symphony Orchestra, was the title of the Luidiji's "Otello," the former mayor of the Paris Opera, Koventgag, the former mayor of the Lucia, the former mayor of the Paris operation, and Kristofa Lusi, the former West, was born in the Paris operation.
The year later, Antohenko has been a great success in the sing of the Otello's role in the London KoventHungardena operation.
The former NATO commander Brdlova, the former NATO, has been hacked by Russian hackers.
Hackers, who surplies the computers of the US Democratic National Committee (DNC), have probably carried out several other cyber attacks, including the harassment of NATO European forces, former commander of the Philippines, Brdlova, and George Sorosa, the "Open Society," said on Thursday a business news agency ," the company said on Thursday.
The hackers have published information from the "DCLeaks.com."
The list of Brdlova and the Institute of Sorosa was also introduced there.
The computer computers were available for a whole year.
According to the "Bloomberg," the same kind of cyber-attacks have been carried out by the same with the Russian special services, which have broken DNC e.
The newspaper The Wall Street Journal reported in the wake of the US administration's administration now examining a new sanction of sanctions for Russia in response to the computer of DNC computers.
In order to introduce sanctions, the administration will have officially cyber attacks on Democratic Party Servers to be charged with the hackers supported by Russia or the Russian authorities.
According to WikiLeaks, the website of WikiLeaks was released by about 20 000 email letters from DNC computing systems and of which the Democratic Party leaders have made the threat of damaging party candidate Hillary Clinton's former rival Hillary Clinton's Sandersa campaign in the fight against the Democratic nomination of the Democratic Party.
As reported, US press sources, the Federal Investigation Office, who conducts the investigation of the Democratic Serb investigation, and other US special services believe that Russia's relationship with cyber attacks is almost unquestionable.
McCreevy: "The Beatles" was threatened by the belt.
Paul McCreevy has recognised that the beloved presence of the belt has created a sense of the threat of the legendary group The Beatles.
The old rock star is currently maintaining a "good" relationship with the unplaced John Lenona, but at a time when she went to the group to study the record, McCreevy was frightened because Ono was the only woman group - George Harisona, Ringo Star, Lenona and Makartnia - among the same time.
When asked about the two relations, he said, "Rolling Stone" replied: 'They are really good'.
We felt at that time.
While we entered, she sat on the intensification.
Most groups could not tolerate this.
We were able to be able to do so, but not very successful because we were very tight.
We were not followers, but girls were usually not going to the entry study, they allowed us to work.
When John started to meet with the jokes she did not sit in the checkroom but in our four middle.
The author of the Yellow Submarine has also admitted that he is now regularly contacted by the former group Ringo, and has confirmed the record of the recording of the "Apple" work plans, but the Beatles has been "ending up."
Asked whether he was still in the same way with the other only the legendary arm of the handball, the McCreevy magazine, Rolling Stone said: "Often no."
We are in social measures and ballots.
However, I am a little bit of a dispenser on the meetings and I feel a little bit.
I went to Apple from the time of heavy divorce.
I sent the meetings to the meetings in Jonas's Special and said: 'Leave me all the saying, because I cannot suffer the table at the table'.
It was too painful to see the dead on his home.
The company is now working on the fact that I only listen to all the records.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venera has ever been a residential planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venera has ever been a residential planet.
The researchers of the Institute of Independent Godard Space Studies have developed a model to explore the history of Venusa, using tools and algorithms, which also use climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether the Venera, whose surface is a hot water where there is no water and which is almost just a carbon atmosphere, has ever been a moment of earth.
Scientists have already mentioned earlier this that the slow pace of the Venera Greening is explained by a density atmosphere.
However, recent simulation shows that the Venetian has ever been a plan, a similar atmosphere and turned slowly.
The model also looks at the former topography of Venetian.
The planet has been more dry than Earth, but has enough water and geographical diversity to be able to build alive and evaporate water.
In early Venconvena times, the Saule was 30 percent more bright.
The GISS model simulation of the Vener Greening model reveals that the daily meat of the day is 2 months, the press rear explained GISS Scientist Antonijs Del Genio.
This process is a spray surface and leads to a case that, in turn, forms the thickness of clouds, which works as a user-guard, protecting the planet from the sun carstness.
As a result, a moderate climate temperature is created, which is actually a few degrees below the temperature of Earth today.
The model depicts the history of Venconvena, which is a similar evolution theory that scientists have developed in their mortgage.
Although it was ever residential, Venera has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet starches over a number of billions of years.
Its oceans have been overthrown and the garages were burned by ultraviolet starches.
Water is completely long overlooked, but the plan for carbon dioxide is only a plan for the carbon dioxide, with the deadly gas of the Venera, which we are familiar with today.
Scientists published the results of the new Venera Climate model in the Geophysical Research letters.
Patrik Rojs resigned from the "Avalanche" training post
The coach of the Kolorado, the Colombian coach and hockey operation Vice-President Patrick Rojs, was asked to request the lack of impact on the team's decision-making process.
John Saik, Vice-President and General manager of the Colondero, confirmed this message and told the club that the club would start looking for a new coach.
"For the last three years I have been energetically, enthusiastically and targeted to fulfil their responsibilities as the main coach and Vice-President of the Kolorada Club, who reported the 50 year-old Rojs in his statement.
During this summer I have much thought how I could improve the performance of the team to give it the necessary bright and higher level of results.
To achieve this, the vision of the main coaches and hockey operations for the travel of the vice-president must be fully agreed with the visa visions.
He should also have the possibility to influence decisions relating to team performance.
These conditions are not met at the moment.
Sayer, who hired the Roe on 23 May 2013, thanked Ro for his investment team.
Saik said that Patrick was informed about her decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation and I wish him all the best in the future.
In the first season, the Rojs was recognised as the best coach and received the Dgestka Adamsa prize in 2014.
He helped the club reach 112 points and first place in Central Dialogues, but the first round of the final round of the Games in the first round of the Colorado team was carried out by the Munich League, the club has not been in the game for two years.
"Avalanche" was concluded in 2015, with 39 to 39 and five points, and nine points behind the Wild Team, without obtaining the second special invitation of the Western Conference organisers.
The wet gallery will be the first two Standley Cup wins in the first two games.
Workers from North Sea oil platforms resume negotiations and strike off strike
The staff strike on the pay of North Sea oil platforms has been postponed because negotiations have resumed by both sides of the dispute, the negotiators are told.
The periodic anti-oil manufacturing company Wood Group is holding strikes on North Sea oil platforms operating company Royal Dutch Shell
The joint statement states that the "Wood Group" and "Unite" and "RMT" trade unions have agreed to resume negotiations on the resolution of the dispute.
Several full-time meetings are scheduled for next week, which will begin next week with the aim of reconsidering the issues of concern.
Trade unions reported that their recent measures organised after more than 25 years of disruption are directed against the planned wage reduction of 30 percentage points.
The negative market pressure has led to a reduction in wages in the North Sea for workers working in the North Sea this year, with 9 percent.
In 2014, the company reduced the wages of terrestrial workers by 10 percent.
The company explains that the cuts in the salary cuts would allow the company to relive the market recession.
"Shell" has already reduced wages for several thousand people and announced plans to stop oil and natural gas activities in 10 countries to optimise their work in preparation for a large-scale merger with the British Energy Companies Group.
The energy companies are under pressure because of the falling oil prices, and the situation is more difficult to leave Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
In the first week, Scottish MEP, Mr Deivs Anderson, met representatives of workers to discuss one of the most important issues - North Sea strike plans.
He said that North Sea is vital for the region economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole require an economy that benefits all of which all, not individual individuals.
In 2016, the new North Sea projects are expected to invest USD 1.4 billion, compared to USD 7 billion in the last five years.
Keplers size stars at the speed of the Plex.
The latest Kepler telescopa mission has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalogue of stars at the speed of the Plevers in the Plerebrick star.
The new data help astronomers understand why stars in this star are turning to the different speed and how the speed of the stars is to be attributed to the shape of the planet.
"We hope that we will get more information about the relationship between the stars, age and even the history of the solar system, as compared to other stars," the news omission told Nosadenas Caltech infrared Processing and Analshort Centra, Luisa Rebula.
Pleca stars 445 light a year from Earth.
Many stars in this star are only starting to grow, reaching around 125 million years.
They are at the ceiling.
By cutting the ceiling, the growing stars of this growing star are distributed to a large quantity of stars.
The winds of the stars come from the stars, they are braking stars.
Stars are ageing as they are ageing.
Keplers measured every star speed by setting time between a recognisable star, such as the sun plankness, to show.
The latest star speed catalogue shows that larger stars are coming slowly than smaller stars.
The Rebuls compare stars with deeds, more fruit and more fruit to be bought by the first of the small fruit and the number of fruit plants.
The Rebuls tells us that the Pleasco is a very small and massive roofs of the rotary sites.
Thanks to the fact that Plejād stars are so close, it serves as an excellent space laboratory, where the stars with the Greeks can compare the stars.
The Rebuls tells us that the Plevers of the Plevoun help build theoretical models for stars in both directions, both older and younger stars.
We still have much to learn how, when and why slow the speed of the stars and the full process of the stars.
Rebuls and his colleagues gave detailed presentation of the speed of the Plex star in three new publications, which will shortly be published in the astronomy magazine.
