28-year-old cook found dead at San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year-old cook who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in a supermarket staircase this week.
But the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would like to hurt his brother, saying that: "His life finally started to improve."
A body found at the Westfield supermarket on Wednesday was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, a San Francisco medical examiner said.
San Francisco police have announced the case is being investigated as murder and is currently under investigation.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told radio station ABC KGO from San Francisco that Frank had previously worked for a cook in Boston, but six months ago he was at his dream job at the restaurant "Son & Daughters" in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the "Son & Daughter" restaurant said they were shocked and shocked to learn about his death.
"We're a small team working as a cohesive family and he's going to miss us very much," a spokesman said.
In this difficult time, our thoughts are with Frank's friends and family.
Luis Galicia said that in the beginning Frank had slept in hostels, but his life had finally improved.
"He had moved into a new apartment and had started dating a girl," Luis told radio station KGO.
Louis Galicia tells him he doesn't know who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a good man with a broad heart.
"He always palped his family by cooking a tasty meal and cooking lunch," said Luis Galicia
He never wanted to engage in controversy.
He was a brother who indulged in the stream.
"Given everything that goes wrong in the world, he was a diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who might have any information about what happened is invited to call the SFPD Information Line 415-575-4444.
New doctors strike: Calls for new protests
Representatives of the new doctors require their union to launch protests in a dispute over the new contract.
The British Medical Association (LMA) New Physicians Committee (JAK) prepared to request advice to support broader protests starting in September this year.
JAK says ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the treaty.
In July, new doctors and medical students rejected the contract offered by LMA.
Of all members who took part in the vote, 58% voted against.
On Thursday evening, on Twitter, JAK Council member Elena McCort said the government continues to remain silent on this issue and has led to the rejection of the contract offer.
She said: "As a result, JAK has voted to completely reject the proposed contract and require new formal discussions to discuss the most important issues."
In response to the government's silence, JAK today made an official claim to meet with the LMA council to authorize the development of new contracts that would take effect in September.
As a result of the dispute, young doctors have participated in six strikes, including, for the first time in NHS history, disrupted work.
Following a vote rejecting the terms of the agreement proposed by LMA, recommended by the BMA, LMA's new doctors' representative, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned from the post.
Before meeting with 54,000 young doctors and medical students, he had told BMA members that the contract was well designed and would be accepted.
After the vote, health secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be concluded with England medics.
Russia and Turkey: The ousted alliance?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
Russian and Turkish leaders met Tuesday to shake hands and announce eight months of words and economic sanctions for war bays.
But Vladimir Putin, with Turkey's leader in Sanktpētrburgas Palace, had the impression that Ankara was the one who needed these partnerships most.
Despite that, they shook hands.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked truncated and didn't cause warm emotions, even after his usual standards.
In contrast, Guips Erdogan did not stop calling Putin his "dear friend," repeating it at least five times, an overview of the appointment reports.
I got the number.
He also promised that relations with Russia would improve not only to pre-crisis levels, but even higher.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdogan was leading as if nothing bad had happened.
In me, his enthusiasm evoked conflicting feelings.
But the coolness emanating from Putin suggested that the Russian leader had forgotten nothing.
The first thing he mentioned in his speech was the shooting of a Russian jet on the Syrian border.
Moscow then reacted sharply.
Putin accused Ankara of punching a dagger in Moscow's back.
The abuse was even more painful, given that it came from a friend.
Restoring real trust will be very difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Russia's public stance has changed since November.
For several months, government-controlled television preached widespread hostility to Ankara.
Suddenly the Turks seemed guilty.
The most serious were charges that reported that Mr. Erdogan's family profited from illegal oil trade with the Islamic State-controlled part of Syria.
He completely denied it.
But there was a hint in St. Petersburg that it was time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received an apology from President Erdogan.
Russia could take it as a kind of victory.
Ankara's gain from peace settlement is clear for everyone.
First, Erdogan needs all the paltry friends after he was nearly overthrown last month in a coup attempt.
Also, countless terrorist attacks have shaken his positions.
And there are also economic motives.
Russia's sanctions have caused hefty losses, especially a charter ban that typically provides Turkish beach with several million Russian tourists each year.
That digital fell nearly 90%.
Russian tourists and charter teams will also breathe when scheduled flights are restored.
They hope for a season-breaking vacation fever in the Mediterranean.
Already this week, state TV expects a downgrade of fruit and vegetable prices when Turkish fruit and vegetable imports are restored.
As the local newspaper Vedemosti quoted: "Tourists for them, tomatoes for us."
But the visit also had other political motives from the Moscow side.
Ankara is angry at the west for, in its view, the weak response to the coup attempt.
We can also look at the protracted negotiations on joining the EU and Putin's intervention, who is willing to take advantage of the situation that Turkey-Western relations have cooled.
The Russian leader was certainly a winner, providing support to Ankara and its authority after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind that Moscow is afraid of regime change in the country.
The summit, which took place in this painting at the Naval Palace, gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present, as an analyst called it, the "ousted alliance," two countries that feel marginalised from the West, combining forces.
However, despite the demonstration of public unity, there are significant differences between the two countries.
One of them is Syria, where Russia portrays itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing parties.
After more than three hours of discussions, the two presidents found in a press conference that they hadn't even touched the issue.
The Turkish president purposefully avoided questions about the differences between the two countries, while President Putin merely mentioned them separately.
It is not quite clear how the two countries could find a common language on Syria's issue.
But after several months of open hostility and potential disaster, when NATO member Turkey struck down a Russian fighter jet, the situation has improved as the two leaders have resumed talking.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
The SKB brand will continue to have an offshoot role, the bank's executive said.
Outside Scotland, SKB will no longer be available.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Channel in Scotland that the SKB brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has abandoned them since the bank nearly bankrupted eight years ago and needed financial assistance.
Meanwhile, brand strategists have used the SKB brand to protect other consumer-finance brands.
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports representatives, starting with Six Nations rugby and finishing with Wimbledon tennis champion Andy Mureja.
But it is now decided to allow other nationalist brands to gain popularity.
Royal Banaka of Scotland will be available to Scottish customers but won't be made public.
In England and Wales, the SKB will continue to exist in the form of a major offshoot and stock market, but the other parts of the French will be changed to the name NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already in use in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Now, smaller private-finance brands such as Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank will also take note.
Makevan was interviewed during an outing with customers and employees by Invernesshire.
He told BBC Scotland for the channel: "SKB will become a brand of our investors and will be paid more attention because we are now becoming more of a brand bank."
With time itself, the bank itself became a global brand and also SKB became a global brand.
Now I say we no longer have global ambitions, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique, each in their own industry and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
SKB already announced that it wouldn't pursue sponsorship of "Six Nations" and calls on people from other brands to participate in sponsorship.
"It's time to become a brand bank because inside the bank we've long asked ourselves a question of how to become a better bank for our clients?" the CEO says.
It would have been very cynical if we had said three years ago that we would become a great bank for our customers and develop these brands.
But thanks to hard work and focusing on a client rather than our own needs, we have made changes.
We can reinvigorate these brands again, so I think it's the right time now.
Frankie Detori wins 3,000 th victory after success in Newmark with horse Predilecton
The detractors uncork the shampants after winning Newmark brought him a 3,000 th victory.
On Friday, jockey Frankie Detori won his 3,000 th victory after getting his first place in Newmark.
He was at this achievement, fighting his second victory this evening on his home track, riding Predilaction, trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who has won such an accomplishment in the horse sprint race.
He has joined Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Leicester Pigott, Pete Edery and Willie Carson.
Triple champion jockey Detori, who previously won a horse Ghayyar, tecia: "It's something special."
I'm very touched because my whole family is here too.
I'm very glad it happened in Newcastle, because right here I've been living for 30 years.
This isn't a big race, this isn't Royal Ascot but a simple Friday night with 20,000 people.
I feel relieved and very grateful.
The detractors are greeted with applause and cheers after he and Predilecton return with victory.
Two jockeys have reached this record in the race with hamstrings - champion Richard Johnson and retired 20 regular champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who scored more than 4300 wins in his batting career.
Leicester Pigoth, a nine-time Derby winner, owns 4493 career victories.
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it's no wonder he has achieved this achievement that only the rare can achieve.
He has style and strength, but his sense of tactics distinguishes him from the other jockeys.
He is a fantastic race representative, his enthusiasm and charisma attract fans for years.
A few weeks ago in the Epsom race, I told Frankie if he wasn't just a weekend and big race jockey, he would already have 6,000 wins.
But speaking seriously, it's nice to see Frankie have been able to win regularly for 30 years.
He has a buoyant character, which is a great trait in British races and, moreover, he is also a brilliant jockey.
Frank Detori marked this achievement with his firm's mark - the flying hook.
From flying finches to flying disembarkations, Frankie Detori has been the face of British horse races for two decades.
This has been an adventure-laden way.
He has won many of the big races, including 1996's famous "The Great Seven" in Ascot, and has survived the disqualification of airplane crashes and preparations.
Three years ago, he experienced some difficulty in returning after six months of disqualification, but he was able to demonstrate the strength of his character by recovering his best form.
And he could continue to compete for a while - Detori has previously said he would love to compete at least until the age of 50.
Russian President Putin releases administration chief Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed managing director Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been in the circle of Putin's closest people for many years.
The 63-year-old politician is now appointed as Special Representative for Nature and Transport.
The Kremlin statement said Putin "decided to release Ivanov from the job responsibilities of the Russian President's administration" without mentioning the reason.
Ivanov's place-appointed Anton Vines, who was his deputy since 2012.
The 44-year-old Manson is an ex-diplomat.
He was born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow Institute of International Relations (MVSAI) and later worked at the Tokyo Embassy.
As the Kremlin website (Russian) reports, he later presided over the President's protocol and government staff administration.
After his appointment, he said to Putin, "Thank you for your trust."
In my opinion, the main job of the administration is to support your work as President of the State, by drawing up laws and controlling your decision-making.
Putin told a Russian broadcaster on Friday that Ivanov had wanted to leave his post and advised him as his replacement.
Are the smiles convincing?
This step has puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov, an old and close ally of Vladimir Putin, and like Putin, once worked at the Soviet Security Service in the KGB.
In that position, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
In a meeting broadcast on national television, the two men announced that Ivanov was resigning on his own initiative.
But despite camera-focused smiles, rarely does such an explanation convince, especially before parliamentary elections.
Is that the outcome of the fight for power?
Nobody knows that.
But the claim that the husband, who was considered a possible president, has suddenly wanted to become the head of Russian environmental policy, is perceived with great skepticism.
In remarks published on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov tells Putin: "It's true that in early 2012 I asked me to entrust this difficult post, could even claim a problematic post, four years.
It turns out I've worked in this post for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He has previously been prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former employee of the KGB State Security Service, like Putin.
In the late 1990 s, Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service, a successor to the KGB, Ivanov took his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov in the number of five people he trusts most.
In Putin's second term, Ivanov was seen as a potential candidate for Russian presidential nominee, as Putin's re-election to a third term would be anticonstitutional.
But then the President became another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister and returned to the president after three and a half years.
The enigmatic appearance of fish in a Banfi garden
A man from Banfi asks for help to find out the circumstances in which fish have appeared in his garden in Banafa.
Kevin Bain thinks 75 fish could be a sand eel pumped by his garden lager.
Mr. Bein, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, made public pictures of his mysteries in Periskopa, hoping someone might know what kind of fish that 5 centimeters of fish had appeared in his garden.
Kwinsferry: The bridge is now connecting to Fife.
Currently, the £1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Engineers have connected the northern part of the Queensferry junction and a viaduct, which means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
The first of the four connecting parts has been completed, meaning that the construction of the bridge is nearing closing.
The fifes bridge design is 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It consists of 10,000 tons of steel, 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 support cables.
Currently, the £1.35 billion project plans to be completed in May 2017.
Economy Secretary Keats Brown had come to the construction site today and was one of the first to step up on the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historical moment in the construction of the Queensferry Bridge."
In this project, we can witness a truly huge sample of engineering capacity, where more than 30,000 tons of cement and steel are used to build this part of the bridge alone.
Despite the huge weight and size of the bridge, connecting the bridge and viaduct is an extremely delicate process that requires enormous accuracy.
Overall, more than 79% of the bridge deck has already been built and the last section that will connect the bridge with Rositu will be loaded today, meaning that all parts of the bridge are ready to bite.
Fourth Bridge Connection Project Director Michael Martin said: "The first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
In this fantastic project, the first connection demonstrates higher-class engineering.
After installing the last section of the road and connecting it to the support of the Northern Tower, we had to connect the northern road stage with a part of the land, or a viaduct.
It was done by sliding a portion of the northern passage viaduct 700 millimetres south.
It was a large and very delicate operation.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tons and had to be pulled at an angle of about 3%.
Delicacy, because the tolerance in both directions worked by the team was just a few millimeters wide.
Fortunately, it all ended well.
Simone Bailsa gets gold in gymnastics for women.
Forget the tension.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles doesn't care about it.
Dynamic leaps.
Light on the log.
Unsurpassed on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 19-year-old American gymnast won a gold medal, fully demonstrating the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the olipmpic stage.
Her total score of 62,198 was the head court superior to the result of the silver medal winner and her teammate Aliya Raismans and the result of the bronze medal-winning Russiah Mustafina.
On Thursday, U.S. athlete Simone Bailsa performs an exercise on a log sports gymnastics in the individual multi-fight finale for women at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bailsa became the fourth American in succession, winning the title of the multi-fight champion and the fifth best gymnast, gradually reinforcing his reputation as the best gymnast of his generation and possibly the best gymnast in history.
She burst into tears when the final result was announced and her long way to this day was over.
This achievement ranks him next to such unsurpassed athletes as Michael Phelps, who raised his sports form at a new level.
Bails has dominated his sports in the past three years, getting 15 medals in world championships, including 10 gold medals, performing such brilliant, precise and ambitious combinations of exercises that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Reton called her "the best gymnast she ever saw."
In Brazil, he was met by the last test, where she had to compete largely with the hopes of her, not with the other athletes.
She would be disappointed if he returned to his home in Springfield, Texas without gold medals.
U.S. athletes Simone Bailsa (left) and Allie Raismans embrace after winning gold and silver medals in the sports gymnastics individual multi-fight finale for women at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
The first gold medal Bails won on Tuesday, making a special favorite coordinator Martha Karolji's farewell party.
Although Bailsa claims that she had not expected anything in his long way to the peaks of fame, it was not really true.
Part of her performance in the free movements, which include her special acrobatic transition, is accompanied by Latin music that would fit perfectly on the street next to the Rio Olympics arena.
It's no coincidence.
The girl who was adopted by her grandparents when she was a baby and discovered by the mother of a coach Amy Burmane on a tour of the gym, where the Burmane interiors took place, has now become a force to be reckoned with.
She hasn't lost in a multigame race since the summer of 2013 and a series of victories can continue as long as Bailsa wants it.
While Mustafina stepped slightly into leadership during two rotations, it was just an illusion.
Co-hero log and free movement - the part of the race where Bails will defend his champion title - is still just ahead.
She stepped forward with a score of 15,433 on the log and secured the lead with a result of 15.933 in free movements
He hugged her gently as they waited for the results, which was only a formality, and she burst into tears of joy when the dream she'd ever recorded in her notebook was filled.
Raismane's performance was a minor revenge for the events four years ago, when she shared third place with Mustafina, yet lost the battle for a bronze medal.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, which Americans call "grandma," came under convincing leadership.
After a performance in free movements that dispelled doubts about her return, she could devote an air kiss to the crowd.
Meanwhile, the 19-year-old Biles's virulent tweet, which she published this week, is now entirely different.
The 6-year-old Mahaj Brown "bulletproof" survives the shooting in Philadelphia.
Police reported that the 6-year-old boy had been shot in Philadelphia, indicating that it was the second six-year-old who was shot in Philadelphia this week.
The child's grandparents for CBS's Philadelphia news channel confirmed that it was Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents say Brown was shot several times, including in a groin, leg, hand and stomach, but was still unconscious when he was taken to the hospital.
His grandmother, Delresa Melendez, tells TV: "His little body was simply a bulletproof."
I couldn't believe it.
The boy has been placed in a hospital in critical condition and has already passed several operations.
The family says he is likely to recover.
He had to start to go first class at a local elementary school.
Browne is one of four people shot in the city of Jermantown.
Three men were also shot: two 29-year-old men and one 32-year-old man.
Channel CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition, but the state of the other two victims is stable.
The channel reports that the child was found in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old victim in critical condition.
The other two victims weren't in the car and police were investigating whether any of them had been an attacker.
The coroner told Channel CBS Philadelphia that several shooters had been involved in the shooting.
At the scene of the event, only the guns of gun patrons belonging to different weapons were found.
It looks like it's been a long-running shootout.
Shells were found on both sides of the pedestrian sidewalk.
"So it looks like there were several armed shooters who actively participated in the shooting," says Philadelphia police captain Anthony Ginaldas.
Several homes and cars have also been damaged.
No one has yet been detained and as reported, police inspect surveillance camera records.
On Tuesday, a stray bullet struck a 6-year-old girl in her hand while she played in front of her home in the West Oak district.
She's slowly recovering, but the police are still looking for the culprit.
Why do we need Simone, Gabby and Laurija.
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Vieglating Command - and there are several reasons for it.
First, I've been on all the summer Olympics since 1984 and the U.S. team has never been so good.
Second, this team consists of three hosts, Simone Biles, Gabby Duglasas and Laurija Hernandeza, who are inspired by many young other race girls.
People can be proud to be composed of Alja Raismans, who is Jewish and Madison Kociana, who is a Catholic.
Finally, this team looks like America.
It has also strengthened the participation of black and Hispanic athletes in this sport.
For the last four years, the best gymnast has been an African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby took 1 st and 2 nd place.
These are impressive results.
In the previous Olympics, Gabby Douglas, surprisingly, became Olympic champions and America could rejoice.
Now the world has experienced these incredible exercises performed by triple-A world champion Simone Bailsa, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez executing impossible but impressive exercises.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth player in succession, who has won a gold medal in the individual multi-fight for women.
Her teammate, Allie Raismans, won a silver medal.
We've seen the best thing this sport can give, but elsewhere in the country, the situation is different.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie got into the Olympic favorites like Allie and Madison.
They are "Olympic Pieces" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will consist of only four athletes and this is coach Martha Karol's last year in coaching work.
The truth is that gymnastics is expensive sports and gymnasts primarily practice private athletic clubs and are kept by parents paying for workouts, spaces, trips, uniforms, hotels (trainers, athletes and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these athletic clubs are located in urban areas that can afford such sports.
In these clubs, athletes spend all their workouts, and it is an expensive and long-term investment for family families.
Amy Burmane - Simone Biles coach and Maggie Hainey - Laurija Hernandeza coach has coached her athletes since they both started sporting athletics.
We need to provide young girls who inspire Simone, Gabby and Laurija cheaper gymnastics training opportunities.
I founded my athletics organization 20 years ago.
In my organization, located in Harlem, we offer more than 15,000 towns for young people (mostly black and Hispanic) gymnastics training for free or at a low price and have also coached national and international champions.
In September, we will open a branch in Detroit (my hometown) to provide local young people with the opportunity to know this great sport.
Athletics develop force, loanness and body coordination, and also teach hard work, discipline and ambition.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success in both school and work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to practice athletics and it's fantastic.
Dealing with this type of sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks Simone, Allie, Gabby and Madison for the excellent "Girls Force" demonstration, getting the Olympics gold medals and motivating countless young, different race girls to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After rejecting Jeremy Hunt's offer, young doctors plan to roll out more strikes.
Ministers had hoped to end the disagreement when an agreement was reached to change the agreement with representatives of the British Medical Association. But 58 percent of the 37,000 new doctors who took part in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hunt announced plans to conclude a contract, indicating that the NHS was in a precarious position and that further delays would only hurt employees and patients.
The first new doctors have already signed the new contract, which provides for changes in terms of working in night shifts and weekends to improve working conditions in non-standard working hours.
Yesterday evening, BMA's new physician spokeswoman, Dr Elena Makourta, announced that young doctors still had serious concerns about the proposed contract, especially that it would deepen the labor force crisis and that it doesn't provide all doctors with equal conditions.
Eight weeks to the first group of young doctors will sign the new contract, so progress must be made because there is no time left.
The BMA's efforts to resolve the problem in the negotiating path have faced the government's reluctance to engage and sometimes with full silence.
It had happened even despite the fact that Jeremy Hunt had said that his door was always open.
Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, stop his inaction and work with the young doctors.
If he doesn't, then young doctors are prepared for new protest shares.
During the last strike, more than 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 visits were postponed in late April while nurses and consultants tried to replace doctors who had gone to picket.
Ministers had hoped to end the disagreement when an agreement was reached to change the agreement with representatives of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants to raise the rate on work on weekends for 54,000 new doctors covered by the new contracts.
NHS employment executive Daniel Mortimer called on young doctors not to go on strike.
Mr Mortimer explains that strikes do not solve anything, but only increase pressure on the congested employees and worry, cause stress and impediments to patients, carers and their families.
We have talked to the new committee of doctors for the last two months and have responded positively to their questions about the abductees and whistleblowers together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions.
Employers hope active cooperation on other important issues such as employee deployment, elegiac training, additional training for those returning after career break, training costs, mutual recognition of training programs, study abandonment and gender pay inequality in medicine - show that employers, England health education institutions and the Health Ministry are seriously willing to implement the agreements concluded with BME in November, February and May.
Medicines for 2 pounds a day may reduce the risk of heart attack.
Thousands of patients who have had a heart attack could receive treatment with medicines for 2 pounds a day, as official representatives have been advised to use them for more people and longer.
The antitreatment drug ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks in people with heart disease.
This medicine is already prescribed for use for 12 months after heart attack, reducing the risk of repeated heart attack.
The NICE represented by the NHS has been advised to use this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack to further reduce the risk of heart attack in people with cardiovascular problems.
However, the NICE currently managed by the NHS has been advised to use this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular and blood vessels.
Every year, about 140,000 people in England are experiencing a heart attack and a quarter of them are experiencing a repeated heart attack or stroke.
The heart rate and stroke are caused by the accumulation of fat in the heart walls, creating blockages.
If the obstruction bursts, it may cause a clot by blocking the flow of blood to the heart and causing a heart attack.
Conversely, if the clot separates from the vessel wall, it can go further into the bloodstream and block blood access to the brain, causing a infarction.
People who have had heart attack are exposed to greater risk of repeated heart attack.
Ticagrelor, which is produced by U.K. firm AstraZeneca and marketed under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of developing clots.
The new NICE guidelines, published today, recommend people take 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months and another 3 years of 60 mg twice a day with aspirin.
Professor Carol Longson, Director of Health Technology, explains: "Despite the availability of medicines to prevent a repeated heart attack, more than a quarter of people who have had a heart attack are experiencing another heart stroke or stroke and often with severe consequences."
Fear of repeated heart attack can have a negative impact on the quality of human life.
Evidence shows that ticagrelor, combined with aspirin, effectively reduces the risk of repeated heart attack and infarction for people who have already experienced it.
By provisionally recommending treatment with ticagrelor, we are pleased that we can extend the treatment opportunities for thousands of people who are thus benefiting.
In view of the limited information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor, in particular the risk of bleeding using this medicinal product for more than three years, the draft guidelines do not recommend that it be used longer than this deadline.
Political correctness culture promotes electoral fraud in Islamic districts
According to a management report, former Hamlets City Mayor Lutfura Rahman was fired in connection with corruption.
A government report reveals that the culture of political correctness has led Islamic districts to large-scale corruption.
Former government minister Sir Eric Pickle criticizes police, election monitors and city councils that they ignore signs of cheating because "they are afraid to offend ethnic minorities."
The former commune secretary, who has now become a member of the anti-corruption movement, says voter intimidation is so prevalent that police should be allowed to deploy guards outside polling stations to protect bullied voters.
He also suggests that voters should show ID when they vote to prove their true identity.
Right now, voters only need to specify the name and address.
He even recommends marking the votes of votes with special ink to prevent a double vote.
Cheating masks must also be provided with more protection, says Sir Erick.
He also wants the press to have a greater approach to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees and working groups.
He says: "The goal is not just to prevent fraud in elections, but also to protect the local government from a wider culture of corruption and fraud that both are related."
The report was commissioned by Downing Strite after the Toverhamlett city election scandal.
Last year, the electoral court ruled that the city's mayor, Lutfura Rahman, must be removed from the city's mayor's post because of corrupt and illegal activities.
The court accused Rahmani of being a "cynically perverse" view of religion and insulting his critics and defendants in racism and islamaphobia.
"Rahman has led his election campaign with such a framework that it is the Muslim holy task of voting for him."
300 votes were forged or questionable because one man had voted several times.
Sir Erick also said there were signs of fraud across the country.
He paid particular attention to the use of mail with which senior members of Muslim communes, using their authority, forced others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Erick recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including requesting an ID to clarify the identity of the person.
His report says: "There is evidence that many vulnerable commune members, especially women and children, are being forced to vote for the commune's oldest preferred candidates. In particular, commune with the people of Bangladesh and Pakistan."
"There is concern that county authorities are not paying attention to these problems because of overly sensitive political correctness because they could offend other origin and religion."
Sir Erick raised 50 recommendations on how to improve the electoral system, including banning political activists from handling electoral papers in the form of mail to prevent "culture of votes."
The report, which is examined by Theresa May, also calls for a more thorough registration check to prevent the use of the electorate's registers in immigration and benefit fraud.
The possibility of checking the voter ID before the vote.
He recommends marking the votes of votes with special ink to prevent a double vote.
Carry out systematic checks on the nationality of persons to ensure that they are genuinely entitled to vote.
Impose a three-year limit on automatic mail-voting requests.
Ban political activists from handling votes in the form of mail.
Ensure that the police can assign a security guard to the polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier for individuals to judge abuse under the 1983 Human Rights Act.
Ban photographing at polling stations.
Require use only in English polling stations (except in Wales).
Step up training so that precinct employees ensure that voters go to ballot boxes one by one.
Sir Eric sharply criticizes Metropolis police that no charges have been raised in the Toverhamlett case.
He said: "The electoral court only disqualified Lufturi Rahmani and his agent for actions related to corruption and fraud."
He was more than convincingly found guilty on the basis of conclusive evidence.
He also criticizes the ineffective city council electorate's "tick check" at polling stations.
Sir Erick said: "Last year's court decision was an alarm call.
Our land is known as a homeland of law and law, but the spread and denial of electoral fraud seriously threatens this good reputation.
Crazy Kate cyclist imitation and other Rio Olympian adventures
Rio 2016 Olympics fans are fascinated by French cyclist Pauline Ferranda Prevota, who has become an impressive counterpart of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old wheelchair isn't the only athlete who is fighting for gold this summer, which would appoint him to celebrity status - at least referring to social media.
Therefore, in honour of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces currently visible on our screens, FEMAIL has compiled a list of olimans that are quite similar to the stars of the World.
Hunter and Wolf: U.S. Circle shooter team member Bredy Allison, left, has been compared to Leonardo Di Caprio since childhood
Despite Kate's counterpart on the cycling track, many people on the Internet have noticed how much this loaner is like for superstar Leonardo Di Caprio.
U.S. men's bowler-shooter team member Bredy Allison has sparked a storm on Twitter when photographs were published, where he resembles The Wolf of Wall Street.
The athlete himself noticed the storm on social media and admitted that he had been compared to Leonardo Di Caprio since childhood.
"I personally don't see a big resemblance except a beard," said Bredy's edition of the Huffington Post.
"He's a good-looking guy, so I take it as a compliment."
One of the most popular similarities from the 2012 Olympics in London will undoubtedly become even more popular this year: the stunning resemblance between British sprinter Greg Rutherford and popular actor Nils Patrick Harris.
Russian vietness Alja Mustafina, thanks to her great expressive eyes, has been compared with Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And moving to the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burg is compared with "Created onstage" star Matthew Morrison for several years.
Along with the changes: This user has noticed that Nathan is a film "Inception" actor `sporty version`.
Another old comparison is between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Harnett, who have similar eyebrows and lips.
For the Russian silver platter, the swimmer Yulia Efimov and the actress Annalina McCord have a greater resemblance than just the sun-tanned skin. In the meantime, fans believe that athletic U.S. athlete Nathan Adrian is alluding to Godonu Levitt.
Harsh women: Football star (left) Houpai Solo and serial Dexter actress Jennifer Karpentere (right) has a similar face shape and eyes.
Not the only one: this Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to learn that he was also accepted by others
Theory: According to this user, there may be a reason why both look so similar
Recently, one Twitter user showed true joy that "the rest of the Internet agreed that Hope Solo and Jennifer Karpentere looked virtually identical."
The U.S. football star and serial Dexter actress have such a really very similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons apply to Carrie Welsch Jennings and her smile, which is practical identical to the smile of actress Laura Linney. Also, gold medal-winning host Gabby Douglas, who resembles Bring It On star Gabriela Unijonai.
The CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for his comment, saying the Chinese swimmer was' dead as a pig '.
Byron McDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanch's finish in fourth place in a 4 x 200 m free-style baton for women, called a storm of outrage in CBC viewers.
Canadian Channel CBC has been forced to apologize because one of its commentators has said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer had "pulled out with the smell" and "died like a pig" from the race.
Commentator Byron McDonald thought his microphone was off when 4 x 200 m free-style baton women began to outline their personal views at the end of the finale.
McDonald, who was included in a team of CBC commentators to give the comments liveliness, was heard saying: "That tiny four-year-old from China can't hold along."
"Too blown away with the smell and died like a pig."
Thank you very much for that.
14-year-old Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan's swim time in the second inning was 1:57 .79, it's 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Rucka, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Spectators across Canada reacted immediately to the Internet because they were shocked to hear such tone and expressions.
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted: "Is a direct CBC commentator just saying the 14-year-old swimmer from China "died like a pig"????."
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the direct air.
Oh Yanha of China's 4 x 200 m free-style finale, women were named "the little four-year-old from China not holding along."
Criticism against Byron McDonald quickly increased as many demanded explanations.
Twitter users couldn't believe when they heard Byron McDonald's nonsensical comments.
Twiter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, #ByronMacDon ald.
You say CBC and Canada, and for you, we all sound like racists. #anti.
Soon after, Scott Russell, who at the time led CBC Live, apologized for McDonald's comments, saying: "We apologize that the comment on the performance of swimming was heard in the direct ether."
It was a failed choice of words and we are very sorry that it happened.
The CBC apologized to more than 90 people who had responded to Twitter on this comment.
McDonald's colleague Scott Russell had to apologize for him.
Then the CBC copied an apology to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about McDonald's comment.
The channel also quickly published an apology and a statement.
We are very sorry that these comments were made and that they came into the direct air.
Yesterday we responded immediately and apologized to all live viewers and followers on social media.
In the interests of clarity, it should be said that Byron's comments were expressed on the performance of the swimmer, not addressed to her personally.
But they were, in any case, unprofessional and unsuccessfully chosen, and Byron regretted what had happened.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald's personally apologized in direct ether and tried to explain that he didn't think his comment would be perceived as a personal assault.
At the CBC Olympics live live, he said: "I would like to take a moment and apologize for the comment I made yesterday after the women's free-style competition."
I'm talking about swimming performance, not about him personally.
Needless to say I hadn't meant to show disrespect, and I was really sorry that it happened.
Primark's buyers are shocked by a woman who uses her underwear in the middle of the shop.
The buyers were uncomfortable when the woman began to dress up to wear her pants in the middle of the shop.
Further aggravating the situation, she tried to make sure it suited her and then pulled it off, putting her pants back on the store's shelf.
She continued to search for clothing at Folkeston's Bouverie Place mall and spent four more pants.
The Primark store at the Bouverie Place mall in Folkeston is a place where this woman bored her underwear and then put it back on the shelf.
At the time, there was a two-berthing mother, Jenny Davidson, who told her that the unknown woman put on her clothes after her underwear, and abandoned the shop without buying anything.
She said people couldn't believe their eyes.
Standing in the middle of the shop, she picked up her underpants from the shelf, took off her legings and pants, and measured them on the spot.
She didn't even try to find a more discreet place to measure them, she just took them on the spot.
Everyone watched her take off her pants and obviously didn't like them because she just put them back on the shelf.
She measured three more pants until she decided she didn't like it and abandoned the shop.
It didn't seem to bother him that someone was looking or thinking about someone who would buy the clothes she was taking.
Ms. Deividsson (33 years old) from Kent's story: "The idea that someone will buy clothes that have been weathered by another person and who have not been washed afterwards."
The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon.
Ms. Deividsson adds: "I assume the shop employees took out those clothes from the store shelves after her departure - which is also acceptable."
I can't imagine buying a new underwear and learning that another woman has bored them and then they haven't been washed out.
A Primark spokesman noted that Primark is known for the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The specific clothes have been removed from the store's shelves.
How to protect yourself from firearms using Krav Manga
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer.
To find out how to protect yourself from the attackers with a firearm, we talked to Krav Manga's superintendent from New York's Ron Modig.
Whether you're attacked from front or back, this video shows how to protect yourself and prevail over the attacker.
Mdig points out if the attacker attacks from behind, then first has to turn around to clearly see the attacker and avoid the shot's trajectory.
Then the gun must be grasped between his front hand and his shoulder and then a blow to his opponent's face with his free elbow.
Then he is followed by a knee with his knee in the groin, and while the assailant freezes in pain, he must take his gun away, hit his face with the handle of the gun, and resign, continuing to draw the gun against him.
If the attacker is coming from the front, the situation is similar - avoiding the trajectory of the shot, grasping the weapon and flexing it so that the villain can't shoot.
At the same time, pressure on the weapon must be carried out and a blow to the opponent's chest must be carried out, and finally he must take away his weapon and step back on him.
Sounds complicated?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mexcavi does.
But remember, if you're not a Master of Krav Manga, it's safer to give the robber your money.
The bathroom family destroys the social house of Slatasha Convola and is posted on the street.
The bathroom family has been evicted on the street because of damage to the social house of £50,000 and terrorizing its neighbors.
Tyne Skeldon and her partner, Sean Trebilcott, are evicted from the property in Saltasha Cornwall when several complaints have been made about them.
After they were evicted from the property by force, the shocked representatives of the housing association found that the property was completely demolished.
There were holes in the floors and walls, the debris scattered everywhere, and the walls were covered with graffiti.
The family is now evicted from the property and is most likely living in some private property.
Cornwall Housing Manager Donna McEvoy says there are concerns that housing will not be able to be restored.
She said that the people who lived here had been extremely difficult and believed that people could not live.
In this case, a number of factors should be assessed, as the property in Cornwall will not have a good reputation.
This family is famous and their name is famous.
The couple have had three sons who have lived in the property lawlessly and police say their terror included violence, outrage on the street with baseball bats, intimidation of local residents, drug use, drug sales and loud bickering and swearing.
The 47-year-old Skeldon, whose name has been owned by the property, sentenced the sentence to antisocial behavior in June.
Scattered garbage has been found in several scattered rooms.
Several floorboards have also been plucked in the house where drugs could be previously traded.
Neighbors say they regularly kneel on the street and have been constantly called police.
The Cornwall Housing Service posted them from the property forcibly when they were given 11 weeks to move out voluntarily from the house.
The distraught neighbors were very happy about this eviction because their lives had been an absolute hell.
One said: "They didn't care about other residents."
We lived next to them for 20 years, it's always been crazy.
Incredible how often we've seen the police here.
We couldn't sleep this morning.
We woke up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to it!
Now that they are finally gone, it will be wonderful here.
Adams Fitzpatrick, who is the security chief of Cornwald Housing District, said the family didn't cooperate with local security authorities.
The family has lived here for 20 years and is regularly called police here.
Various old and unusable objects were found in the overgrown garden of the house.
He also said: "It is very regrettable that tenants showed no responsibility for their behaviour. The eviction of her and her family from the house was the last activity considered by the Cornwall Housing Service."
This was a very complicated case, because their behaviour was extreme and the neighbours had been very hard to look at their behaviour.
I appreciate the work invested in this case by all my team, Devon and Cornwall police and members of the commune who were brave and cooperated with us providing the necessary information.
I hope this event will make it easier for neighbors to live and show that antisocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said all three sons have lived here in different periods of time, but now all are about 20 years old.
A dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the rooms after eviction.
The agency's employees will now have to satire a pile of garbage remaining across the house.
In 2014, a police house conducted a shake-up and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, weights, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldon only found guilty of storing class B drugs with a view to distributing them.
She insisted that the money was for the monument to her son, Lee Sheldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After their eviction, it became known that they were renting a private property in Plimt.
There were graffiti painted on many of the walls of the house.
Police say they will continue to work on the eviction of disadvantaged tenants who violate their rental contracts.
Devon and Cornwall police spokeswoman Angela Krova says this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
Also, she said, "This is a warning to those who think they can behave like they want and it won't have any consequences."
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be tolerated in Devon and Kronwall Police, which will continue to work with our partners to protect local commune.
Readiness to spend can give momentum to the economy.
Akropolis LT, which manages the Acropolis Trade and Entertainment Centres in Vilnius, Klaipeda and Schaus, will be merged with a group of companies in Akropolis Group, inheriting all the commitments made so far against Akropolis LT partners and employees.
The merger of Akropolis LT and Acropolis Group is intended to be implemented by 1 October of this year.
We are launching a new phase of development during which we will implement large-scale projects, so we are trying to simplify the structure of the company - it will allow Akropolis LT and Acropolis Group to create a more efficient team of professionals.
We are currently implementing the largest development projects of the Acropolis in the decades - the construction of the multifunctional mall Acropolis in Riga and the development of a multifunctional facility in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant area.
"The structure of the new company will allow more efficient use of the experience and competences of the Akropolis LT team by successfully developing projects and making the necessary decisions operationally," admits Sun Zabulionytė, member of the Board of Governors of Akropolis Group.
"Ackropolis Group" means a group of companies managing real estate development, leasing and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Several purchases announced by the furniture production company SIA Rauko have been completed, according to a statement on the website of the Procurement Monitoring Bureau.
The company will buy a plate-sawing machine for 89.5 thousand euros.
It will be delivered by SIA Lintere Riga.
For 33 thousand euros, the company will buy a formal drug supplied by UAB Inflecks.
Likewise, SIA Rauko will buy a milling machine with a sliding shaft.
It will be delivered by UAB Infleks for 15.6 thousand euros.
In turn, 32.6 thousand euros will be paid by the hydraulic hot press delivered by SIA Lintere Riga.
Purchases are implemented with the co-financing of the Rural Support Service.
Rauko is founded in 2007.
The company has completed more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
The mayor of cans banned burkini swimsuits on beaches.
The mayor of the southern French resort town of Cannes has banned wearing the burkini swimsuits on this city's beaches, which almost completely cover the woman's body and is very reminiscent of the hydrorobe, local officials said Thursday.
Kau Mayor David Linara has signed an order that "access to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone who has no swimming chat respecting good customs and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"The beach outfit that exposes religious affiliation at a time when France and cult places are the target of terrorist attacks can lead to the risk of public policy disruption (crowding, collisions, etc.), which is required to be prevented," said in an order.
"We are talking not about the ban on wearing religious symbols on the beach, but for the exuberant clothing that binds to the trust in the terrorist movements that war with us" explained the municipal utility's head of utilities, Thierry Miguls.
He added that burkini swimsuits in Cannes beaches haven't been seen since July 28, when the right-wing party's "Republican" member Linara signed the order and took effect.
This week, the akvaparka in the city of Marseille canceled a planned private event for Muslim women who would be dressed in burkini swimsuits, as the outrage of such a measure was expressed by both right-wing and left-leaning politicians.
In France, wearing face-covering Muslim women's headgear is prohibited, but religious symbols or appropriate clothing are not banned.
On 14 July, 85 people were killed in a terror attack held in Cannes in Nice in Nice, for which the "Islamic State" group took responsibility.
On July 26, two attackers who had vowed allegiance to "Islamic State" were brutally murdered by priests in a church in northwestern France.
"Jysk" last year tumour turnover by 5%
Household goods retailer SIA "Jysk Linnen 'n Furniture" ("Jysk") grew a turnover of 5% last year, reaching €23.66 million, according to "Firmas.lv" information.
The company's turnover was €22.57 million in 2014.
The company's profit also rose slightly - from €781 235 in 2014 to €785 896 last year.
The management report said that last year the company reconstructed Riga, Sloka Street, an existing store and closed a store in Riga, Kurzeme's prospectus.
Also this year, like other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase both turnover and profits.
Meanwhile, the earnings earned last year were recommended to be left unbroken.
"Jysk" is an international network of stores offering goods for home improvement.
SIA "Jysk Linnen 'n Furniture" was founded in 2001.
The company's core capital is €3 500 264.
The company belongs to the company "Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC" registered in Iceland.
Pike meats on the simple ground, milled with white bread.
Eat immediately after baking, then they will be the most delicious.
Fish fillets and white bread are milled together in a gawler.
Add milk, salt, pepper and rinse or mix thoroughly to the mass.
Then the weight of the meats is added to the butter held at room temperature, carefully combed and composed of medium-sized meatballs.
The meatballs are then rolled back into the breadcrumb.
Heat the oil in the pan.
Meatballs put in pan and bake 10-15 minutes before eating until they are golden brown from both sides.
Serve while still warm with molten butter or some sauce.
The festival "Kuban" started in Lucavsala.
Thursday, August 11, the evening in Lucavsala was given a start to one of the last festivals of this summer - there will be "Kuban" until Sunday night.
In the first evening, groups like "Enter Shikari" from the U.K., expected last year, disappeared from the program, American punk "NOFX," DJ Maxim from the group "The Prodigy" and others.
Also in the upcoming days of the festival, the program features noteworthy words - "Guano Apes" and "Garbage," pankrock legend "Ramones" drummer Markijs Ramon with "Marky Ramone's Blitzrusg," "Brutto & Lyapis" with the Belarusian pankrock leader Sergei Mihaloka in the bow, the popular grizzly actor and singer Vahtangs Kikabidze, Ukrainians "Vopli Vidoplyasova" and a series of others, but a full-measure program can be looked at here.
This is the second year the festival "Kubane" takes place in Latvia.
Last year, it suffered financial failure and huge losses, but it did not deter organizers from repeating attempts - they added a long mark to the name, included a group of Latvians (on Friday night 19:15 on the stage, "All Day Long") and announced that the festival had now become "closer and acquired local colorite alongside Riga symbols like its panoramic and cats."
Whether these efforts would be justified, it was too early to judge, because the festival was just running, but as the "Delphi Entertainment" observed on the first night, at least for now, huge crowds of people had failed and the number of visitors was similar to last year.
The British track cycling team has twice the Olympic record and wins the sprint.
The British track team corrected the Olympic record twice on Thursday and won a sprint race for men.
The first Olympic record was corrected by the British, but in the first round the competition was recorrected by New Zealanders.
The British team with New Zealand met in the sprint finale, and the British took the title of the Olympic record owners to the young, leaving them with silver medals.
In the finale, the British team won with a score of 42,440 seconds, with the rookie outperforming for 0.102 seconds.
In the battle for bronze, the French team outperformed Australia.
It should be added that the record was also corrected in the women's driving-drive qualification - the British team corrected the world record, which is now 4:13 .260.
The president, who remained in the shadows: Gustav Zemgals-145.
On Friday, 12 August, it is 145 years since the second President of Latvia Gustav Zemgale was born.
Zemgale proclaimed the country of Latvia, but it has remained undeserved in the shadow of the first President of Latvia Janis Choke and the prewar period in the shadow of Karlis Ulmanis.
None of our statesmen has so much defended democracy and the rule of law as Zemgale, an Arnold Auzina writes in a book devoted to Gustav Zemgals ten years ago.
In a conversation with the "Delphi" portal, Auzins emphasizes that Zemgale is one of the rare high-ranking politicians who have had a sense of humor.
The others are stiff, always very right.
He could not, it might be like Raimonds Vejonis today.
"He was the one who is close to the nation," says Auzina.
Modern politicians know history poorly, they referred to Carl Ulman as the right leader, but rarely knows how ferocious he was.
In government sittings, the only man he hasn't shouted has been General Pigeon.
Even if he was kind and smiling in the pictures, he was hysterical in nature.
"The Earth with its sense of humor and democracy leaves exactly the opposite impression," says Auzina.
Professor of History and Philosophy of the University of Latvia Aivars Strange, in a conversation with Delphi, agrees with Auzina's assessment of Zemgale as a peaceful and weighty statesman.
He also notes that Zemgale has paid tribute to minorities, regularly inviting Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"It wasn't a routine action at that time, after the Zemgals presidency, Albert Kviesis took over this tradition," the historian says.
He was a quiet and weighty man who had long been persuaded to become president.
He didn't aspire to it, just didn't crave the glory.
He was also quite critical of himself because he didn't know the French, but he believed that the president should have it.
"At the time of the presidency, the French fundamentals were learned," explains Strange.
He wasn't allowed to be re-elected, he didn't really like him.
In all respects, he was a very respectable personality in Latvia's history, before getting into the presidential palace in a serious position - he was a very demanding notary.
In the same way, Zemgale led the famous Zemgals treasury on the street of Suvorov 3, where the camaraderie was located and, in virtually the government negotiations, the Latvian state was in the government talks.
He was always progressive.
He wasn't a great fan of Ulman, but he didn't mind publicly.
"In private talks, it has sometimes said that the actions of Ulmanis don't sympathize with him," says Strange.
Lived a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of lawlessness or corruption.
How does Zemgale remember these days?
I'm sorry, but for a large part he's associated with a street in Riga.
He was an absolute Democrat, the views were central.
"There were no major shocks in his time, namely he could be associated with a real stable presidency," says Strange.
During the presidency of Gustav Zemgals, from 1927 to 1930, Latvia's visit to Sweden was also carried out, which, at the time, indirectly meant full recognition in the neighbouring country and the integration into the Northern European family of democratic nations.
On 28 May 1929, Zemgale arrived at a national visit to Stockholm.
The Swedish King Gustav V's reply to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The second President of Latvia was born in 1871, but left in January 1939.
Simple ways to help a child cope with tantrums.
I often have to face the fact that a child's anger, the appearance of fury, is perceived by parents as something wrong and abnormal.
When the child openly shows his anger - we don't know how to react, "Econet" says psychologist Jekaterina Kesa.
The columnist urges a little conversation about these so natural and human feelings - the anger and fury that every one is experiencing periodically.
Aggression - it's already a physical activity addressed to another person and it usually appears when we feel angry.
When we, adults, are angry, excited - we usually know what happens to us and how to deal with it.
We can express our anger and rage in ourselves: to express, suppress, conceal, keep in ourselves, tell your friends or other relatives, we can kick the sofa, smoke a cigarette (it's not the best way to dispel the anger!), go into the shower, hit the table and do other things we don't normally do.
We don't turn our aggression against others because we know different ways to deal with these emotions.
Children, when they get angry, don't understand what happens to them, how to name them and how to live with them.
They can say, "Go away!," you're a fool ," "Bad Mom," "I hate you," "I won't be friends with you" - and very rare when you can say "I'm angry with you."
Children live in a literal sense, they are completely right here, at this point, they are spontaneously and truly in the show of their feelings, and are often in the capture of different emotions.
It is very important that parents do not prohibit the child from showing feelings, including anger, not ashamed of it and not, but on the contrary, to help the child.
Do you need a pause?
A long day of work, in which everything has not gone as you would like, or simply bad sentiment - there are so many reasons why you would like to take a moment, day or even longer "off" from all over the world.
Can I have a relationship for a moment and breathe a little?
Or does it suggest that each partner has a way to go?
In their views, gentlemen are divided into different ages.
Janis (23) is short and concise: "In my view, if a relationship needs a pause, then you're not with the right person."
Meanwhile, Eduard (30) has discovered a scheme that may help someone.
If you feel that your partner is starting to fall on your nerves for every little detail, then surely it is the right moment to look at other hunting fields to understand if you miss him, or you don't think about him or even want to see him anymore.
So the answer is - yes, withholding a pause can help save time and understand how important you have the other side.
Caspar (29) reveals his theory.
I think there should be a pause in the relationship on the other day, because if you spend time with someone 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then the disputes are inevitable.
It's caused by the fact that you notice every detail the other is doing and it starts to fall on your nerves.
People are getting tired of each other, especially if they don't even have anything to talk about, just about what you've done on the day.
My personal experience makes it think so, so I've never passed a relationship for more than a couple of months.
If you think for a moment that anywhere else or anything else is better - then why does this woman you're together with deserves someone who can think that it's not good enough and there are paradise fields behind the mountains?
Thinking alone is the little betrayal.
If not, there is no.
"I have, so I disapprove of those who do not have." Edmund (46).
Carl (33) has an almost entirely opposite view.
I think everyone needs a moment for a reprieve.
You can't see each other every minute, all the time, to look at each other in the morning and evening, and to rejoice about the love.
Find yourself. '
There are so many things - friends, work, balls.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, for a friend or wife, however, if they can keep their balance between family life and the rest of the world, it can live up to the edge of the grave.
It's just that.
Martin (27) says it: "It is hard to say whether or not to take a pause, but one thing is clear that there is something in the relationship to the end, something missing."
If this is a matter, it should be reckoned that there will be some change in the near future - on the right or the bad side, it depends on themselves.
I think while you're young and crazy, we need a pause, all the time, but when everything stays seriously and the relationship goes into another phase, there can be no talk about the rest.
You decide to spend your life together!
"If you can't stand each other now and sometimes need a reprieve, then what will be when you're pensioners who comment on how passing cats are barking or arguing about which day the garden is better off," explains Kristaps (19).
All gentlemen's words have been changed.
With his distinguished and distinguished personality, Rozenthal first fashioned the interests of the latts in the folk to mock arts.
"In this sense, he was the first love of the people of the Latters, who would be forever memorable," said Roman Suta, a Latvian painting grandmaster, Jani Rozenthal.
Also, in 2016, revealing the master's extensive retrospective exhibition in the renovated main building of the Latvian National Museum of Art, it is clear that Rozenthal is the first love of Latvian art.
The exhibition was unveiled on August 12, but it is available to visitors as of August 13 and will be considered by October 30.
The Latvian National Museum of Art, with extensive retrospection in the newly opened Great Exhibition Hall, honors the painter Jani Rozenthal (1866-1916), whose hundred fiftieth birthday at international level is included in the daily calendar of UNESCO's celebrated days.
The retrospective exhibition, which covers more than 150 works, is one of the central events of the Yun Rozenthal anniversary program.
The sample of artworks is mostly composed of the Latvian National Museum of Art, which convincingly represents the main stages and genres of classical creative activity, stylistic variability and technical diversity.
In addition, exhibits from Axel Gallen-Kallela Museum, the Museum of Law and Music, the Museum of Liepaja, the Tumi Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The atmosphere of a century is revived by the presence of photos, the exhibition's mobile app reveals a separate work of art with photographs that the painter has taken with his own camera for creative purposes.
Meanwhile, the Finnish-Latvian twinning association "Rozenthal-seura," named on behalf of Latvian classics, at the Latvian National Museum of Art at the same time offers small informative travelling exhibitions "With a look in Finland, with the heart in Latvia" the first stop.
A similar exposure to the presentation of the content in English, Finnish and Swedish will be opened in the Virki gallery in Helsinki in the autumn.
Matt Leblank looks forward to a return to the show "Top Gear."
Matt Leblank, manager of the TV show "Top Gear" ("The Gas on the Floor!"), said he was looking forward to returning to the second season of the car show, but admitted he didn't know what was expected in the future.
Nothing officially happens yet.
"If there is, then the BBC will announce it," Leblank said in a conversation with television critics.
Doubts about "Gas on the floor!" the future arose in July, when Leblanka's partner, Chris Evans, announced that he was leaving the broadcast.
After leaving, Evans admitted that Leblanc and "Gas on the floor!" are "as created for each other."
Evans, the star of the former "Friends" series, describes the star as a "real and good man," thus dispelling rumors that their friendship had broken up during filming.
When Leblankm asked what he most likes in the show, he replied that travel to other countries, such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
The BBC reports that it is not planning to replace Evans in the new 24 th season.
Kalvins: Meldonie could be removed from the list of banned substances from athletes earlier this year.
It is expected that the meldonium of the drug produced in Latvia could already be excluded from the list of banned substances from athletes earlier this year, the Director of the Latvian Institute of Organic synthesis said on Friday morning in LNT broadcast 900 sekundes, academic Ivars Kalvins.
He told him he would travel to Canada in September to discuss the issue of meldonium with representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scientist expressed hope that Mildrate would be removed from the blacklist earlier this year.
In Sigulda, two cyclists were taken to the hospital after the collision.
In Sigulda, the Swiss street, two cyclists have been running, with a variety of injuries, the State Police reported.
The accident involved men born in 1987 and 1990 who were both delivered to the medical institution.
A cyclist suffered in Kokney's fall.
A man born in 1989 fell in the street of 1905 and was taken to medical care.
Meanwhile, in the municipality of Dobel, Nauditis parish, a motorcyclist born in 1989, tried to avoid a dog that ran out on the road and capsized.
He's in hospital too.
In Latvia, 71 road accidents were registered in Latvia last night, with 16 people suffering.
Sometimes it rains and gets cooler.
A short-term rain is expected in Latvia on Friday, and it will become more than a degree cooler, LETA learned at the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorological Centre.
There might be a thundering of thunder.
According to forecasts, the rain is mostly expected in Kurzeme and the north of Vidzeme.
The maximum air temperature will only be +16, +19 degrees.
In Riga, the day will pass without precipitation and the sun will glow mostly.
However, the air will not be warmer than +18 degrees.
In his interpretation of the US models business backstage, he has acquired perversely sophisticated photographs and horror films.
Basically, very provocative, a balling work of sophistication and banal vulgarity in which the boundary lines between the European art and Hollywood genre of the genre are difficult to pull.
The film with Vigo's Mortensen in the main role highlights the question of whether older conceptually chosen life patterns (ecologism, vegetarianism, alternatism and delimitation from the gluping and values of the patron society) carry a blessing or destructivism for their children.
The father of six children, after his wife's death, is confronted with questions about the accuracy of choices and the real values.
A touching, lively film whose author Matt Ross won the Cannes Festival Award for a gridlock this year.
Of course, the sharks only do it as they attack beautiful girls - in the jaws it was a swimmer, in this case, a brave surfer represented by Blake Layley.
The work had demanded a great heroism from her.
This survival solonumura can be compared with James Franco's best demonstration in the film 127 hours and Ryan Reynolds's game in the film Aburied alive.
Perhaps it is also the role played by the protagonist Mila Kunis, whose transformation from the exemplary of creative habits and the ridiculousness of nearly family values seems merely to be created by a very distraught fantasy of Hollywood screenwriters.
The Islamic State has captured 2,000 civilian residents in Syria.
Islamic State militants of the terrorist group, fleeing Menbij, in Syria's Aleppo province, seized a prisoner of about 2,000 civilian residents used as a living shield, the U.S.-backed Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers said Friday.
"We didn't shoot at them because they took the civilians with them while fleeing to Jericbulus," a spokesman for the Kurdish Menbij military council said.
After two months of fighting, Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), which is a U.S.-backed Kurdish-Arab alliance in northern Syria, announced Friday that Menbij had been freed from jihadists.
Islamic State Menbij took office in 2014.
The QSD already ousted most of the Islamic State militants from Menbij last week, but part held up and showed fierce resistance.
On Friday, however, they abandoned the city, bringing themselves with prisoners.
Islamists are heading to the Jeraybulus near the Turkish border.
The London-based Syrian activist organization and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) reported that the Islamic State had kidnapped about 2,000 people.
SOHR reported that the Islamists had kidnapped the city's people's cars, forced people to get up and then led them to Jeralbulus.
Islamic State militants have also previously carried out mass kidnappings.
In January, Islamists, invading areas in the province of Deir ez Zora in eastern Syria, kidnapped more than 400 civilian residents, including women and children.
Later, Islamists released about 270 of the prisoners.
How many Islamic State fighters have fled Menbij is unknown.
A spokesman for the Kurdish Menbij military council reported that the QSD succeeded in rescuing 2,500 people held captive by Islamists in Menbij.
The information gathered by SOHR shows that at least 437 civilian population, including 105 children, have lost their lives in the battle for Menbiage.
299 QSD fighters and 1019 jihadists have been killed.
Kokeegva renounces the candidacy of the Head of the SRS.
The Director of State Environmental Service, Inga Kolegva, decided to withdraw his candidacy for the Director-General of the State Revenue Service (SRS), LETA was informed by the Ministry of Finance.
Kokeegva points out that the discussion of her candidacy has bred contradictions among the ruling coalition parties.
The real causes of the discussions seem to be linked to the visible but more common, invisible interests of politicians and have nothing to do with the assessment of my professional abilities.
"It's not acceptable to me," he said.
In the event that her candidacy was approved in the government, it was clear that it would not be a convincing vote and would not allow it to work fully and implement the necessary changes to the SRS, feeling the support of all governments.
Without it, a full-fledged work would not be possible, Koselegva concludes.
"I have repeatedly stated that I do not want to be politically dependent, but now the whole process of candidacy is too politicized," the official explains.
"Thank you for the trust and support that I have shown, it is the experience that I appreciate as a benefit," in the submission to Reizniece-Ozola, the Kolegva writes.
Unity said on Wednesday that the meeting with Kolegov revealed "significant contradictions" between the candidates' explanations and the information available in public registers about the cost of SIA Palologists' dividends because the publicly available meeting decisions of the Pallogist members provide for a non-distribution of profits.
Currently, the Head of the SRS is performed by Deputy Director-General Dace Grey.
In Livanos, police were involved in rescuing two small children without supervision, informs the State Police Latgale Region Administration.
The news of non-supervised carriages with infants received Friday around 7 a.m.
They were in Livanos at the former store building.
The two little girls were immediately handed to medical hands for help.
There was also a bag of documents and cellphones left in the cart.
In less than half an hour, the law guards cleared the whereabouts of children's parents and went there.
When she arrived at the woman's civil house, the police found that she was sleeping because she was drunk.
Following the initial information on the evening of the previous day, the woman born in 1992 was pregnant with a friend where she had taken alcohol.
As she walked home after sitting together, the woman had decided to leave the children at the store in unexplained circumstances.
The police had immediately informed the Orphan's Court, which would also decide on the future fate of the children.
Riga Freeport has introduced all the recommendations of the VK regarding the Russian island project.
The Riga Free Port Authority has introduced all of the five National Control (VK) recommendations concerning the development of Project Infrastructure on the Russian island for the transfer of port activities from the city centre, the portal Diena.lv informed the company.
Approval of the project is planned at the nearest meeting of the Riga Free Port Board.
In order to ensure that the recommendations were introduced according to the WK's discretion in preparing the documentation necessary for the implementation of the recommendations, the Riga Free Port Authority was also guided by the conclusions of the legal and operational audit carried out by the International Auditor Deloitte Riga Free Port Authority and the recommendations made to improve the management of the project in the future phase of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations has also been sent to the VK today.
Despite the fact that the Riga Free Port Authority does not agree with the opinion of the VK on the feasibility of implementing the Russian island project, we are very responsible for the implementation of the project and the financing provider - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that all the works planned under the project are fully completed within the specified deadlines and planned volumes.
"In order to demonstrate to all actors involved in the implementation of the project, including the EC, the VK and also the stividors that the main objective of Freeport is to successfully implement the project, we have fully implemented all the recommendations of the VK regarding project management and monitoring issues," says Sanita Kairi, head of the Russian island project.
The long-term operational plan for monitoring and monitoring the objectives of the project was complemented by the most important planned actions of the parties involved and the deadlines for the necessary decisions, the definitions of meetings and regular reports and their deadlines, the monitoring instruments for the planned construction process and the definitions of major border points.
The approved action plan for achieving the objective of the project until 31 December 2018, in line with the recommendations of the VK, has been complemented by enforcement monitoring activities, thereby reinforcing the control of the activities of other parties involved in the implementation of the project from the Riga Free Port.
The project management plan, defining project management areas and identifying the developed documents providing the control and monitoring mechanism for each of them, has been developed for the development of project management and mitigation of potential risks.
A project management structure, reflecting the planned structure of the project management team, the qualifications and functions of employees, has been developed to increase the capacity of the project.
In order to improve the communication of the management of the Free Port of Riga with the parties involved in the project, a communication plan for stakeholders in the project, which, in addition to the parties identified in the project action plan, is defined for the successful completion of the project, the principles, types and periodicity of the exchange of information.
In turn, in order to improve the control of the use of financial resources, the need for the conclusion of a service contract or the opening of procurement and the rule of law should be further clarified.
In the framework of the project, the Russian island has built-up port infrastructure for world standards - four new deep-water piers, railway supplies, and engineering communications.
The construction works co-financed by the Cohesion Fund have been completed and put into service over the past year, with a financial savings of EUR 10.6 million.
Due to threats in Slovakia, security in airports has been reinforced.
After receiving non-specific threats, Slovakia has stepped up security measures on Friday at several airports, the Interior Ministry said.
"Given the threat, we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Popup and Košice," a spokesman for the Slovak Interior Ministry told AFP on Friday.
"The National Security and Analysis Centre is currently analyzing the information we have received," he added.
In the Slovak capital, an informal European Union (EU) summit will take place on 16 September, with all the bloc countries participating in the United Kingdom.
The meeting will discuss the consequences of Britain's Brexit referendum and debate the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia is the EU Presidency by January.
German researchers discuss the number of "Berlin Wall victims."
According to a new study, the number of deaths in the Communist yoke in the former East German border could be much higher than previously considered, but doubts about the number of true victims still have not been allayed.
According to data released Wednesday by the Berlin Wall Museum in Checkpoint Charlie, between 1945 and 1989 at the border with Western allies zones and the late West Germany, Communist authorities have murdered 1841 people who have tried to emerge from their controlled territory.
The museum is studying border-related deaths for years and adjusting the number of victims occasionally.
Another 11 deaths have been added to the list this year, including a six-year-old boy who drowned in the family trying to get to West Germany through the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
There are also Soviet army deserters among the new victims of the Berlin Wall.
"The ultimate extent of damage caused by the double evil of communism and socialism has not yet been fully documented," admits the museum's director, Alexander Hildebrandt.
"Our job is to ensure that the graves of those who died trying to escape the communist-controlled country would be serviced and not lost," highlighted in the statement distributed by Hildebrandt.
But other researchers have already questioned the new figures.
"The number 1841 is inconclusive," the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung says in a Berlin Free University East German history expert, Jochen Shetty.
He, along with other researchers in the Berlin Free University, is currently reviewing possible suspicious deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to confirm only 260 cases.
Previously, researchers estimated that only at the Berlin Wall communists murdered 138 people.
Given those people who died trying to escape the Baltic Sea or get to the West through the neighbouring territory, according to Shetty, the number of victims could reach around a thousand.
But it is still considerably less than 1841.
One of the reasons for the number of different victims could be different methodologies.
The Checkpoint Charlie Museum also lists all cases of suicide by East German border guards regardless of whether they were directly linked to their service.
The museum also lists deaths unrelated to direct violence.
"If seniors aged 70 to 80 after contracting with border controls died from a heart attack," it must be the consequences of this "murderous border," Hildebrandt says.
But Shetty is convinced that the distinction must be made between the old people who are probably dead as a result of their handling and those whose death has been caused by a long-standing wait on the bus at the border.
Regardless of its victims, the accounting is not easy because the Communist East German authorities did not accumulate such statistics, and researchers should select documents in various scattered archives, Schate points out.
However, the Schate Group has recently found new documents and therefore it could come up with a new estimate of the number of victims in the near term.
LPF President Pone to Rio has gone with coaching accreditation; it's a surprise for himself.
In recent days, the President of the Latvian Swimming Federation (LPF), the President of the Latvian Swimming Federation (LPF), has arrived at the Olympic Games with the accreditation of the coach, but he feels surprised by it.
On Wednesday, a broad uproar erupted after the remarks of Olympic swimmer Alona Ribakova coach German Jakubovsky, who revealed that he had decided to go to Pone at the last minute while the coach had to stay home.
Initially, swimmers Alon Ribakova and Uva Hill, coach Jakubowski and Dave Collins, as well as federation president Pone, were approved on the riders list.
The Latvian Swimming Federation announced five members for the Olympic Games, and before the departure, Aldon Wrublewski claimed that German would be and he was looking for tickets.
"But obviously for objective reasons he did not," said Pone, expressing his view that it did not affect the result of Ribakova.
At the federation's request, the Uvis coach undertook to help her.
Housekeeper, who himself is a member of the executive committee of LOK, sharply criticized the LOK's actions, putting the blame on the Olympic sports-watching organization.
In my view, it is unethical in LOK's executive committee to approve five individuals and not to take one of them.
"I don't know why it wasn't enough for the Swimming Federation," Pone said, that the federation and their presidents had not been evaluated in society, reminding them that federal presidents weren't getting wages.
Similarly, Pone criticised the Yakubovsky itself, expressing that, before the London Olympics, when Ribakov was not approved among the parties, he appealed to the International Water Sports Federation (FINA) and called on Latvia not to send any athletes.
Housekeeper couldn't tell why he was in the Olympic Games with the coach's accreditation, which was likely to be due to Yakubovsky.
"I was announced as president of the federation ("team leader"), but for unknown reasons I received a coach's accreditation and now don't get in anywhere."
The situation changed every day, the number of available credentials changed.
Until the last moment I thought Germans would be, because I didn't have any other information.
Following the information available to LETA, a few days before the Ribakova started, she had had a conversation with Pons and had been with tears in her eyes after the swimmer, but the president of the LPF himself expressed that it had been a casual conversation with the desire to tune out the athletes before the start.
Housekeeper recalled that the LPF oversees five sports in the Olympic programme, and four of them are training children in Latvia.
The President of the Federation expressed the importance of drowning issues in Latvia, and he had spoken about such programmes, in Rio de Janeiro for nearly two weeks.
He praised the federation's work and said that the World Cup was likely to take place in Latvia in 2018.
The location in Rio de Janeiro isn't my vacation, I'm working here, spending my time and trying to realize four-year programs.
600,000 salmon babies will be released into Daugava.
During the renewal programme of the Latvenergo fish resources, the introduction of salmon and taimine juveniles is taking place in the Daugava Sea this week, and this year it is planned to allow more than 600,000 annual salmon and taimine juveniles grown in the fish farms of the scientific institute Bior Tomes and Dole.
The Latvenergo Agency was informed that the introduction of fish will continue for the coming months - a total of 6,300 000 species of fish and larvae are admitted to the water bodies of the Daugava basin each year.
In the spring of 2016 and the beginning of the summer, pike and lamprey larvae will be released, in June - whites, in July - one-day salmon, in August and September - pike and vibes.
Latvenergo's production director, Maris Kuhnickis, said that the environmental concern is one of the cornerstones of the sustainable development of Latvenergo Group.
"In the conservation and propagating measures of fish resources, each activity is focused on environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with the scientific institute Bior, making both the grubbing-up and the introduction of fish juveniles into the Daugava basin and in the exercise of other activities," Kuhnickis pointed out.
This year, more than 600,000 annual salmon and taimine babies will be admitted to Daugava's estuary.
For the second year, fish babies are highlighted before being released by cutting the taukspurt.
The cargo brought today has 25,000 salmon babies with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Each year, the introduction of fish juveniles and larvae shall be carried out in the presence and numerical volume of scientifically justified species in the Daugava and its basin bodies.
The propagating of fish resources in the Daugava and its basin water bodies shall be carried out in accordance with regulatory enactments by Bior on the basis of the expertise of the loss suffered by Latvenergo economic activities and the conclusion of what compensatory measures are to be taken to ensure the diversity of fish resources.
The State Environmental Service, on the basis of that expert-examination, shall take a decision on the amount and type of compensation.
Latvenergo's annual compensation amount for the programme for the recovery of fish resources is EUR 1 035 000.
In the spring of 2016, Latvenergo, in collaboration with the "We Fish" association, deploys a fifth year of 400 artificial fish spawning nests in Daugava near Kaibala and Ikilles.
Cooperation with the Society, contributing to the natural spawning of fish, is an additional initiative supported by Latvenergo in the framework of the renewal programme for fish resources.
The deployment of artificial spawning sockets in the water reservoir is an important measure to promote the protection and propagating of fish resources in Daugava.
At the festival, the "Sansed Concert Hall" is a rural backyard, a forest, a felling area.
Sleeping in a tent, eating like a restaurant, walking in keds and listening to an investigated cammeric music, enjoying the quiet peace of nature, 'such a combination is offered by the alternative cammeric festival in Sansing, which is calling for the District of Akin for the third summer.
The festival will take place in the courtyard of Sused, a non-existent village, in the courtyard of the former parrot, in the woods and in the felling areas.
In three days - from 12 to 14 August - for five stages, a careless enjoyment of nature and academic music can be combined.
Here, the theater and the time-consuming circus, performance and installations are encountered with music.
Opera and academic music, especially in its latest expressions, find new listeners in a free and open environment without concert-hall stiffness.
The distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but up to a smile on the face and lightness for just a few minutes.
"Please don't look for a program because we've deliberately chosen not to publish it before, so that people don't go to one particular event or artist, because the real Sansed flavor can only be captured by spending all three days," calls the festival's promoter and host, operbaritone Armands Silins.
The festival gates on Friday at 17.00, and the first concert is up 19.00.
Of course, there will be programs on the spot with all the information.
For those who have to choose one day, we recommend Saturday because it is the most saturated - from 9.00 a.m. to the next dawn.
"The artists' names are available on the www.sansusi.lv website," says Armands Silins.
In the magnificent bouquet of artists, there are, for example, the violinist Eva Binder, the chelist Christine Blaumanis, the opera star Inga Hill, the clarinetist Guntis Kuzma, the trumpeter Janis Poriete, pianist Reinis Zara, quartets Quadra and RIX and even Estonian air acrogate Grete Gross, who, along with Latvian musicians Erica Kirsfelde, Martin Zilbert, and actress Anca Strazard, have created a timely circus show Confines for the artist's internal struggle.
The festival also had new jobs.
In the show for children, "The Insect," which is composed by Ola Kozlovskis and Jacob Nimane, with Armand Silins, musicians and actors, will participate in an entomologist (insect explorer) Ugis Piterana, according to the words of the F. Kafka.
Oscar Herlins had composed the first Strong quartet, while Anna Kirke, the Tree Opera, the performance, whose protagonists in the of Andris Kalnozola, with the video projections of Catherine's Neiburgs and the scenography of Andris Evelsch, would be trees in the three small clusters of three hectares.
Singing in the voices of Laima Ledins, Dinara Rudane and Zigmar Grave, they will come into a romantic relationship, as in the study of the Enlightenment-era Swedish Nature scientist Carl Linnave, the Wedding Wedding (1729).
The Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games are launched today by one of the Latvian delegation's biggest hopes, the seven-fight athlete Laura Isolina-Admidiun.
Ishamina-Admidia will start the competition in the 100-meter barrier at 15.35 after Latvia's time, but at 16.50 in the event of a race.
Meanwhile, a bullet push will begin on Saturday at 2.35 on Saturday, while at 4.05-200-meter sprint.
The seven-fighting competition will be concluded on Saturday, when zooming, speeching and an 800-meter run will take place.
Before the Olympic Games, Ishamvie-Admidiun, who won bronze in the world championship last year, was mentioned as an opponent of Olympic Games medals.
In May, the latte set a new national record (6622 points) and fought the second place in the prestigious seven-fight race in the Austrian city of Gecisz.
Ishamina-Admidia also attended the 2012 London Olympics, when she won the ninth place with a repeated Latvian record.
In the last half-and-a-half years, the athlete has corrected the country's record four times.
Today, 16 start-ups are also intended for Latvian Judo wrestler Arthur Nikiforenko, who starts in the weight category above 100 kilograms, leading the fight with Azerbaijan athlete Usangi Kukauri in the first round.
For the jackpot, these will be the first Olympic Games in the career.
LETA reported that, on Thursday, in the weight category, up to 100 kilograms of losses were already experienced by Latvian judo wrestler Jevgedy Borodavko in his first fight.
He conceded to Japanese Hagi Rjunoski, who later gained bronze.
In 2000, Vsevosphere Zeitonia brought the Olympic bronze prize to Latvia, but in the next four Olympic Games the Latvian Jacoists scored only one victory in seven fights, which was done in London directly by Borodavko.
At 16 .30 .30 after the Latvian time qualification competition, Dainis Upelnieks will start in the shooting, but the selection will conclude on Saturday.
He received an Olympic road sign only on the day the Latvian delegation was officially announced, but he later told LETA that he had been quite safe for driving since April.
The athlete has arrived as one of the first Latvian athletes in the Olympic Games, seeking to make maximum use of training opportunities in the shooting gallery.
The final three trips of the Latvian time will be carried out by the Olympic Games debut of the 17-year-old Latvian bourder Kathy Birzule, who is competing in sailing in the RS: X class.
After three days or nine trips, Birzule is currently in the 25 th place between 26 athletes.
On Saturday, the crucial finish on the medals will take place on Saturday.
Today it is finally intended to carry out the competition in academic rowing, where the Irish-representing Sanita Puspure must participate.
On Wednesday, the race was canceled because of adverse weather.
Puscule will compete at 19.10 in the semi-finals of the C/D in one of the ladies, fighting for 13 th place in the Olympics.
On Tuesday, on a quarter-finals trip, she won fourth place, from a third position allowing her to continue fighting for a medal, lagging for a mere 0.65 seconds.
Puspura fought 13 th place four years ago in London, when he also represented Ireland.
Today, 24 medal sets will be distributed at the Olympic Games - arc shooting, athletics, track cycling, riding, fencing, trampling, judo, academic rowing, shooting, swimming, tennis and weighting.
The raid says if Clinton is elected to the presidential post, then she will appoint Garland as a Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democrat leader Harry Reid is confident that if she becomes president, then she will mention Merrick Garland as chief judge of the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked approval of Garland since March, when President Obama nominated him.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell tweeted that the next president would choose who would replace the current Supreme Court judge, Antonin Skala.
On Thursday during his conference, Reid announced he was confident Clinton would choose Garland.
A raid spokeswoman later tweeted that he had not spoken personally about the subject with Clinton and he had only speculated.
He praised Garland and said the Clinton team wouldn't want to "sway the boat" with another choice.
Garlands is the chief judge of the U.S. District Court of Appeals.
The raid said Republicans blocking the Garland nomination are "entertainers" and acting in the interests of Republican nominee Donald Trump.
He also said that Trump is not fit for presidential work.
Treat announces a nude photo calendar for women and men.
Magazine Treat will collaborate with photographer David Belmar to create a 2017 calendar in the Pirreli style in the 70 s of the past century.
In their 2017 BU calendar, they plan to involve the new generation of supermodels, not naked celebrities.
Early this year, Journal Treat President Steve Shavs announced that his erotic art magazine was different from the old-fashioned Playboy because "Playboy is a men's magazine."
This magazine is for women.
Looks like he thinks the calendar too.
In a press release on the creation of a calendar, Shavs reports: "We need to return to the depiction of a non-fading and classic nudity in pictures where the woman's body is not confusing, but inspires both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a great work of art.
Models can send their photos electronically or in personal casing sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
The buyer, while testing a motorcycle, goes off.
On 10 August at 10 a.m., a motorcycle named Yamaha YZ250, who has not been registered, has been stolen from the courtyard of a house in Rambates parish, the State Police said.
The motorcycle owner had wanted to sell the car through the advertisement.
A potential buyer arrived at the appointed time, climbing on the bike as if to try and ride it.
Employees of the State Police Riga Region Administration Ogre police station shall ask to refer to anyone who may provide any information useful to the investigation in connection with the criminal offence.
Request for call: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (all day).
Anonymity guaranteed for information providers.
Greenland shark is the longest-lived vertebrate - video overview
Scientists argue that Greenland sharks have the longest life of all vertebrates on our planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nelsen says the longevity record belongs to a female that could be 272 to 512 years old and five metres long.
A French court rejects a claim to demolish stores in Jungle refugee camp.
A French court rejected the Calais authorities' claim to demolish dozens of self-established shops and restaurants in the Jungle refugee camp, where several thousand refugees live.
At a court hearing in Calais this week, authorities indicated that the country should demolish 72 self-established stores where people trade different goods in the camp area, starting with cigarettes and energy drinks, offering hairdresser services, tea for 50 cents (40 p) and simple meals for some euros in self-established restaurants.
The Calais prefect's office indicated that these self-established establishments should be demolished because they form a shadow economy and do not pay taxes, as well as fire and sanitary risks.
Representatives of the humanitarian group explained to the court that these small businesses are essential because the food provided by the government and support groups does not provide the needs of the camp, in which the number of occupiers continues to grow.
They also noted that self-created stores and restaurants often offer free shelter and food for those who need it most.
The Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel people who created 72 self-established stores, but it understands the concerns of the Calais prefect.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said food, coffee and restaurants play a bigger role than simply providing food to people who live in "extremely humble circumstances."
He noted that these places were peaceful appointments for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places exposed to the risk of demolition is the camp cafe "Jungle Book Kid," which secured more than 200 free meals a day, English and French-language lessons and provides advice on asylum issues for hundreds of vulnerable minors without adult escorts.
More than 170 000 people have signed a petition to protect children's café.
A letter addressed to the Guardian states that the liquidation of the cafe "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charities "Help for Refugees" and "L' Auberge des Migrants" tweeted that the number of people in Jungle camp has risen to 9,000 people, the highest figure since the rapid influx of migrants over the summer.
Britain gets silver in rugby-7 series fight when Fiji's nationality is masterfully culling gold.
The British favorite's impressive performance at the Rugby-7 series stage ended Thursday, when in a thrilling finals at the Deodoro Stadium, Rio Fiji's national squad convincingly crushed them with a score of 43: 7.
Fiji demonstrated a masterclass in the management of the ball, playing the balls with a leg, in a support game and a brutal game of power, fighting gold - the first Olympic medal in its history of existence.
The defeat brought a respectable consolation prize - a silver medal that was Britain's third medal on that day. Britain's favorites can boast of their success in the first Olympic Rugby-7 tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The tough battle in the semi-finals, in which the Boar team suffered defeat with the score 7: 5 days in the first half, probably played out for Britain in the finale.
But in any case, Fiji's favorites are now in their best form to win the 15-man team as well.
While unlikely, yet some comfort to Britain might be the fact that at least one British won a gold medal. It is Fiji's favorite head coach Ben Ryan - a former England coach from Wimbledon.
For Britain, it was a fascinating adventure.
Eight years ago, in Ryan's lead, they lost all games at the rugby-7 series stage in Adelaide.
This time, they lost just one game.
This defeat is painful, but progress is striking.
Fiji quickly launched a match, reproaching British power techniques for joy.
For Captain Tom Mitchell and his members, it was like a run-up with several coaches and the World Series champions advanced in control with 5: 0 when Osea Colinisau gained his first touchdown.
In the last four minutes, Jerry Tuwai also increased the predominance of the landing in the right wing.
The result 12: 0 and the British team hadn't even really touched the ball.
Mitchell's great power technique prevented the german Leon Nakaravam from scoring three points, but it only slightly affected Fiji's result.
In the seventh minute of the game, Jasa Veremalua gained a touchdown in the right corner, securing a predominance over Britain to 17: 0.
After the regame, Nakarava further increased the predominance and had remained more than a minute to the end... the end of the first half-time.
Vatemo Ravouvou avoided some awkward British power techniques and crossed the line, scoring points.
The touchdown provided the result 29: 0.
Fiji seemed born to play in rugby-7 matches while the British were just learning.
In fact, it is true.
The British team made a major change at halftime, breaking Fiji's playoff line... the full four minutes that scored well after first half-time standards, until Joshua Tuisova, after a fantastic team play, scored a few more points for the benefit of the Fiji team.
Dan Norton managed to score points for the British team's right, performing a touchdown in the left corner and scoring a score of 36: 7, but the game was already lost, meanwhile the South Sea islanders fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It is impossible not to admire Fiji's buoyant approach.
Hair Viliama made Fiji win even sweeter with another touchdown in the final of the game.
At the end of the game, Fiji could start celebrating, but the British were able to sit in the grass after defeat.
In the first half of the day, in the semi-finals, Fiji defeated Japan with a result of 20: 5, the British British were superior to South Africa, where in a very fierce battle both teams gained a touchdown and the midfielders lost only a few points.
In the first half-time, Kyle Brown nominated the Boar in the team leadership, but at second half-time Dan Norton crossed the line with brilliant craftsmanship and delivered the ball between the poles, providing the British victory.
Marcus Watson, who is the brother of England rugby-15 team player Anthony, the great power technique at the end of the game secured a victory for the team and another silver medal.
The coach's battle with cancer has inspired Helen Glover and Heather Stanton to win rowing competitions.
It will be the most emotional gold medal in these races and it already expresses a lot.
From the first to the last swing, Helen Glover and Heather Stanton's golden moment played a special role in the Estacio da Lagoa route.
While paddling only her two, there were three votes in the boat, one of which was the echo of Robin Williams, who continued to inspire her until a second Olympic gold medal for pairing rowing women, which was the first such kind of success in British sports history.
They totally dominated and after all the experience, their 39 th race became an unbeatable, unprecedented victory.
These two great athletes, with swan elegance on the surface of the water, do not fully reflect this triumph.
Behind each winning gold medal in rowing, there is a whole team that works hard to make athletes constant to improve their performance and the biggest contribution to their performance was given by a coach who didn't know before 30 months ago whether he would experience the day because he was diagnosed with cancer.
According to him, it disappeared as quickly as it appeared.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of those that can be operated and it happened.
If it didn't, it would spread throughout the body.
And the situation would be very bad.
It changes your vision a little bit.
Williams discovered cancer in December 2013.
This trio was lucky that William could start a recovery procedure at the beginning of the 2014 interseason and reduce the duration of the break to a minimum if it can say.
I needed income, so I had to recover quickly.
It was an incentive to recover.
I was in hospital and at a time when a few steps would have already been a lot, I did 6, 10 and even 15 metres of distance.
That's how it all started.
Rowing itself is a challenge, but this time it was even bigger.
After winning, the first thought was about Williams, whose morning was full of excitement, and who spoke more than usual with excitement.
Stanning, who has served in the Royal Artillery Unit in Afghanistan, said: "This was an emotionally heavy week, but it means very much to me."
It only confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have worked.
The 3-year-old has been great with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we wouldn't have achieved anything, so much thanks to him, he's the best coach in the world.
I can't imagine a better person to practice or better coach with.
Helen Glover and Heather Staninga have not lost in any races in five years.
The couple achieves such a huge speed with which competitors can't compete.
Even in the last 500 meters, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark started getting closer, Stansting and Glover's predominance was too big.
We felt every moment.
Helen shouted, "Keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not losing focus is really important.
We got a good start, but at the same time we didn't have high expectations.
That day we had no intention of overthrowing records, but just fine paddling and winning the race and that's what we did.
The couple will take a year break before deciding what to do next.
Next month, Glover and TV adventurer Steve Bashal will have a wedding.
For now, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't mean to say that these were my last matches.
It would have been too much pressure.
In London, it took me about six months to understand that I was an Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very excited.
This time it took about four minutes.
She said: "The feeling is fantastic."
A unique opportunity to look at the fantastic architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library.
Learn more about the city's Central Library, as the Society of Southern California Architecture historians holds an appointment with the books "The Central Library of Los Angeles: The History of the Arts and Architecture" by Arnold Schwartzmann and Stephen Jie.
Jie and Schwartsman plan to discuss and display images showing the design of the 1926 Bertram Gudhue, as well as the 1993 restoration and additions to the Hardy Holcmane Pfeiffer team.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14:00 to 16:00. Salle Moderne Hall, Art Deco Dievidrietu Law School (formerly Bullock Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Boulevard.
Visitors will be able to look at the central hall, the exhibition rooms, the cactus hall and the tea room.
Tickets must be bought in advance; SAH/SCC members, $15; for others, $25.
The lovely and cozy DTLA attic is experiencing a homegrown change,
Celebrating the 90 th anniversary of the Los Angeles Central Biblioteka - with what else? - as a new book!
The leader of the SRS will be "directed to the last."
According to him, now Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Greens and Farmers Union) and Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens and Farmers' Union) are already "fundamentally important" for the approval of the President of the Minister of Finance by the Minister for Finance.
Rajevsky estimated that for both Kucinskis and Reizniece-Ozola in this government, the approval of the SRS manager was "the first big decision" that could affect him as a politician's future.
If it is now starting to change the position of the candidate for the position of the Head of the SRS, it will have a negative impact on their impossibility in the public administration.
The agenda for the next week's meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers includes the issue of the transfer of the Head of the VVD to the Director-General of the SRS, according to the government's agenda.
The Minister of Finance, Reizniece-Ozola, was directed by Finance Minister Reizniece-Ozola after she resigned from the management of the service, and when the invitation to the Director-General of the SRS ended without a result.
In an interview to Latvijas Radio on Thursday 11 August, the Chief Executive Director Dace Grey conceded that if she was offered to stand for a manager's position, she could agree.
The Minister of Finance later acknowledged that the other candidates for the Head of the SRS were not currently considered.
The Head of the National Alliance's Saeima faction, Ravis Dzintars, acknowledged that NA was increasingly supportive of the SRS management.
In Spain, the possibility of deficit reduction threatens the inability to form a government.
A month ago, on 12 July, the European Commission (EC) presented an opinion that Spain and Portugal had not implemented sufficient measures to reduce the deficit level to 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) required by the eurozone.
The calculations show that despite the austerity measures implemented, Portugal's budget deficit was 4.4% of GDP at the end of last year, and 5.1% in Spain.
However, the European Commission decided not to apply economic sanctions to the two countries, while at the same time setting fiscal targets for the near term.
One of the reasons why the EC did not impose sanctions against both countries is the growing Euroscepticism in many countries in the European Union.
Additional sanctions would only increase such negative sentiment.
Critics argue that the EC is not consistent in its decisions by agreeing on uniform rules from the beginning and then failing to apply them in life.
For example, the President of Germany's Bundesbankas, Jens Weidmann, pointed out that Europe is losing confidence in itself, creating the notion that the European Union's rules are not binding, not binding.
The EC has now proposed and all Member States have approved the extension of the budget deficit to Portugal by the end of this year and until 2018 for Spain.
The European Commission promises to examine the progress made by both countries in the coming months, while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal must be prepared to introduce additional austerity measures if circumstances require it.
Initial forecasts suggest that the target set for Portugal could be achieved at a certain time and that this year the budget deficit could fall to 2.5% of gross domestic product.
This means that, within the framework of the Stability Programme, this country's government has to implement austerity measures of 0.25% of GDP this year.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, with additional attention to the control of the cost of purchasing goods and services.
In Spain's case, the situation is much more complicated.
This year, the deficit should be reduced to 4.6%, to 3.1% next year and to 2.2% of GDP in 2018.
Moreover, in the next two years, consolidation measures should be at 0.5% of GDP annually.
It is particularly difficult to achieve these objectives that, for eight months, the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the establishment of a government, and it is increasingly likely that Spain may have to hold an early parliamentary elections for the third time in a year.
But public opinion polls suggest that the political picture of the third election in the country would not change significantly.
The most popular party remains the nation's party, led by current Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, whose election would yield less than 33% of the votes again.
Only socialists have increased their popularity, while "Podemos" or "Together we can" and "Ciudadanos" or "Citizens" have been slightly diminished.
The People's Party wants to achieve the involvement of Socialists and Ciudadanos in the government even later this month, otherwise it will fail to adopt and submit to the European Commission a draft budget for approval by mid-October.
As announced by Rafael Hernandez, representative of the parliamentary faction of the People's Party, if the government is to be established and parliamentary elections will be held for a third time, Spain will become the whole of Europe.
The purity of beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
On the beaches of the fifth year, the activists have concluded that, unfortunately, the number of waste found annually is growing, and mostly bathing visitors are blamed here.
The most polluted bathing areas are directly in Riga.
The Capital City Council explains that bathing areas are shared every day, but fighting for non-clean visitors is quite difficult.
In addition, waste left on land may be washed into water during rainfall, thereby damaging its quality.
With the exception of Liepaja Beach and certain locations in Kurzeme, the purity of beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
Such a statement has been distributed this week by "My Sea" volunteers.
During the fifth year of the road along the Gulf of Riga, activists have concluded that the number of waste left by the population has risen every hundred metres.
Unfortunately, this year, this critical rating has timed out.
"We see this will be a year when the number of waste on the beach 100 meters may even exceed 200 units," says Janis Ulm, spokesman for the expedition "My Sea."
The Latvian Radio was called, he was on the beach of Toya, where the voluntary procession along the Gulf of Riga would continue.
This year, among the various household waste and picnic remnants, activists have had to collect even fluorescent lights left in the sand.
The member of the hike and the organizer Ulm says that direct citizens are blamed for pollution.
"The main source is the beach visitors themselves, because more than half of the total number of waste is plastic, different waste, starting with bags, plastic pieces that are already at the stage of degradation, they can no longer be identified, and butts, bottles, corks," says Ulma.
There are also bathing areas in Riga among the dirtiest beaches.
For example, nearly 800 waste units have been collected per hundred metres per hundred metres per hundred metres, which is critical.
The organisers of the campaign also explain that there is a knock-out and no sign of warning or prohibition on every step.
"The average figures for all three Riga bathing sites together - Daugavgrats, Vaccars and Vecklaus - are unfortunately high and far beyond the desired objective, which is as if Latvia is moving, to reduce the number of waste units to 135 units by 2020, the environmental defender concludes.
Cleaning the bathing areas in Riga on a daily basis, in the hottest days of summer, even twice, explains the City Council spokesman Ugis Vidauskas.
However, the fight with non-clean visitors is quite difficult.
We are returning to the cultural issue of these people.
"For those who use alcohol, smoke and do all those things that can't, even special signs don't work," says Vidauskas.
So Vidauskas calls on bathing visitors to report pollutants to police as well.
Can call the police, safely point to these offenses and in that way all fight.
Maybe some new warnings may be imposed, but as I said, it is unlikely that it will change the situation radically.
"As everyone together simply needs to turn and be intolerant to such violators," he emphasizes.
Meanwhile, water quality measurements have been carried out for the fourth time this summer by the Health Inspectorate, which may impose a ban on official bathing areas.
This year, as in other years, the quality of water is all right and satisfactory everywhere.
At present, the situation is that in all 56 bathing areas, water quality has been good all the time and there are no bathing restrictions.
"We'll take the last time at the end of August," says Normunds Kadike, senior expert on environmental health.
During heavy rainfall, waste left on land can be washed into the water.
This may, in turn, affect its quality, an environmental specialist says.
The rotations in the Russian elite will continue - in the Putin administration, the driver's shift.
Did he leave?
Vladimir Putin told Russian media that Sergei Ivanov wanted to leave this post and will continue to be the president's special representative for nature protection, ecology and transport.
In announcing the changes, Putin gave Ivanov a welcome words in front of television cameras: "The respected Sergey Borisovica, we and you are working together for many years and doing it successfully."
I am pleased with how you perform the responsibilities you have assigned to you.
I remember well about our agreement not to use you in this presidential administration's office for more than four years.
I therefore understand your desire to change the field of activity.
And I hope that you will make full use of your knowledge and experience in the new position.
However, it is highlighted that running the presidential administration is a very important position and made Ivanov one of the most influential people in the country.
In view of the forthcoming elections of the State Council in Russia, rumors have been raised that this step is linked to the fight for power in Russia's political elite.
Ivanov was also referred to as a possible substitute for Putin in the presidential position, so the claim that he had wanted to take the position of a presidential representative on nature protection and transport has raised doubts.
According to the Lsm.lv Archives, Ivanov is the general colonel of the KGB and the Federal Security Service.
Ivanov has been an old and close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He began his course in 1975, where he met Putin.
Later, as Putin became head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
Meanwhile, the secretary of the Russian Security Council was designated as secretary of the Russian Security Council during the reign of the first Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
In 2000, after Putin's coming to power, the "Information Security doctrine" developed by Ivanov was confirmed, including in Russia predicting the revival of national censorship mechanisms.
In 2001, Sergei Ivanov became Russia's defense minister, but already in 2005, as Deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov, and was responsible for the development of Russian defense industry companies and arms exports.
Now, after leaving the head of the presidential administration, Ivanov will also retain a seat on Russia's National Security Council, where the new head of the presidential administration is also going to work.
Blame comes from the family in the Soviet party elite.
The President of the President's administration was recommended by Ivanov himself.
Anton Eduardovic and I have long been familiar.
More of those times when you worked in government in your leadership.
And for the last nearly five years we communicate virtually every day.
"I am therefore convinced that, after all professional and personal characteristics, he is ready for this work," Ivanov said.
Blame comes from the family belonging to the elite of the Soviet party.
His grandfather, Carl, took high posts in the Communist Party of Estonia, including a decade until 1988 was its first secretary.
The Internet edition "Meduza" with a reference to the book "Estonia's self-determination and independence" writes that at the end of the 80 s, Carl Waller had asked Moscow to give permission to apply force against demonstrators.
However, he has received a refusal and has lost his post shortly.
Shortly afterward, he has moved to live in Moscow.
Anton Waller has graduated from Moscow's Institute of International Relations and manages Japanese.
However, he has left the diplomatic service to work in the administration of the Presidential Protocol.
It has already been reported that Russia has been shaken by the dismissal of several high-ranking officials and even arrests, including several district governors and federal representatives.
As politologists point out, President Vladimir Putin rearranges the ruling elite before the election in 2018.
One of the main features is that representatives of the structures are increasingly responsible for managing positions.
Judo wrestler Nikiforenko loses the Olympic Games in the first fight.
This was the fight in the first round, and the Latvian Judo wrestler has concluded his participation in the Olympic Games by graduating in 17 th place.
Coach Oleg Baskin admitted to Latvian Television that Nikiforenko's hope had been very few, and it had already been clear before the competition.
He also discovered that the Judo wrestler had suffered a shoulder injury in the fight.
It was remarkable that, in order to get to the Olympic road sign, Nikiforenko had to start in a different weight category than usual, i.e. in the weight category up to 100 kilograms.
Azerbaijan's wrestler was 25 kilograms heavier.
It was already reported that Jevgedy Borodavko fought in the weight category to 100 kilograms against Rjunosuki for two and a half minutes until his opponent succeeded in winning a clean victory.
Consequently, Latvia has concluded the judo competition in Rio.
Dreams disappear in Rio sand.
Jevgeny Borodavko entered Thursday.
Yes, he had a more captivated opponent, but the ambitious times could make a surprise.
He didn't.
For Arthur Nikiforenko, the task was even more complicated, because the experience was less and more respectable.
The outcome was similar, though he stayed for nearly a minute or a half longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, most recently, the Latvian jihadis are missing the most ambition.
Since Gunars Kirsons and his financial stalwart Vladimir Schestakov passed on the edge of the federation, Alexander Jackevica left Latvia, no longer the Golden Score, and the development of the jackpot runs down the downward curve.
Jackevich, who advises the Kazakh jihadis here, and Vsevold Zelonijs do not see the heirs.
But if you don't raise it, it won't be.
And that's the federation's prerogative.
Therefore, as from another galaxy in "The Panorama of the Morning," the President of the Latvian Dzudo Federation was promised to win the medals.
A flight far from reality.
In the evening, we were looking forward to the beach volleyball match Samoilov/Smedin - Evandrs/Pedru Solberg.
Intrigue as already in the "death" group - losers are over the game.
The Latvian duo had a small retreat - it could also lose, but not more than four points in two setters.
The lingering previous game was still tense.
No one wanted to die - this feeling boiled over the windy cort throughout the length of the match.
For players, the rushing wind created additional complications.
At first it seemed to be ours - which is more comprehensive - an ally.
But it didn't become.
It was simple enough for the Latvian duo to play here.
He looks at Samoilov and waits for him to burst.
He broke up against Canada, smashed against Cuba at the end of the first set and the third in the beginning, because the load was not a joke.
He could fishing at that time, because there was little work, but when he was, he did it to honor.
Brazilians Samoilov, with Smedins, could win two setters because he took control of 16:15 in the first, but he also remained on 16, with the limit of lost points.
But it could also be lost with 0: 2 because the deficit was -4 in the second set, yet, thanks to the wind, managed to win a win.
The third passed in a sign of Evandrs servings.
There was a chain - an unconvincing service, the second pass often flying too close to the network and the Samoilov remained very small for a fruitful attack.
If there was a foreign Samoilov against the Cubans in the square, he was more successful this time, and only Sasha's loss would be unprofessional.
He was wrong, too, and it was symbolically symbolic that he was hitting the last ball in the block.
Losing the team.
We certainly missed luck this time - in the third set alone, two Evandrs attacks were almost flying out of the court, but the ball touched the line.
Two eisi was next to the line.
The video of the controversial episode also decided in favor of opponents.
If, in the first two games, Evandrs suffered with servings, they were very productive against ours.
Everything came together in a loss to the scoreboard.
The causes of failure must now be calmly analysed.
Maybe it should have been like many to live next to the stadium rather than with a delegation in the Olympic village.
Two and a half hours passed on the road.
Perhaps a bit of self-confidence was given by a seven-semi-finals series.
Maybe he didn't have to play in Caffenfurt, but it was quicker to get here and better acclimatize.
Maybe there was a failure to find the top of the athletic form.
There are more questions than answers.
Our bullpen games are over.
The dream of the medals is over.
What next?
There are still some World Cup tournaments and Jurmala's Masters.
There have never been friends with Samoilov in life, and there will be no one, because there are too different personalities.
But it doesn't need it either.
When the dream of Olympic medals has collapsed, there may also be a thought for divorce, because the blame will be sought not only in itself but also in the partner.
It's not difficult to decide, but it's much harder to find a dignified partner in Latvia.
Both brothers play the Beatles, but John and Tom have already tried and divorced, while Mikhail Samoilov is too green to start conquering the world's peaks.
You can try Harald Regza, Alexander Soloveja, Edgar Toca, return to Martin Blanche, but it won't be better than this option, which never once proved himself in the World Cup stages.
The sands of Kohobana didn't smile at them this time.
And everything.
Of course, it should also be taken into account that beach volleyball is becoming more popular, new pairs come into circulation, and only the rare figure is less than two metres.
It doesn't guarantee success yet, but there is a significant argument in the fight for victory.
Ours don't stay longer.
Both athletes and journalists have the opportunity to live in places offered by game organizers, and to choose their own.
The U.S. basketball favorite lives on a cruise ship, part of the tenisists don't stay in the Olympic village.
Also, some of the beach's snowballs have found a hotel in Coerbank.
This time, there were heavily exaggerated prices for the relatively modest accommodation offered to journalists.
That's why the choice fell on the rent of the apartment.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from a logistical point of view.
This time, the risk is justified.
Along with Vladimir Vladimirovics, we rent the apartments on the border of Koloban and Ipanem.
A beach 200 meters away, in a half-hour walk of the Beach Arena.
The district is safe enough, because the favela is patchy, but it may not be possible to lose vigilance.
Vladimir Vladimirovich is not what some are thinking about, but the most professional sports journalist in the Russian media, Vladimir Ivanov.
P.S. It looks like another medal dream was dreamed up on Friday morning.
In the 100-meter barrier and high-rise, Laura Ishamvie-Admidigan lagged behind her personal records.
But there are five disciplines yet.
After a 10-year break, "Porgy and Bess" is playing in Liepaja.
In Latvia, the opera "Porgy and Bess" premiered in 1973 at the National Opera of Latvia.
Since then, the internationally recognised masterpiece has repeatedly not been reinforced.
This is why the organisers of the Cesis Arts Festival and the Liepaja Art Forum have decided, in close cooperation, to provide the audience with the opportunity to enjoy George Gershwin.
"We have a great pleasure that after a ten-year break, when Liepaja was able to enjoy the opera-setting, this great version of George Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess" opera concert is to be enjoyed by us in the new, newly discovered concert hall "Big amber,"" says Baiba Boze, chief executive of the concert hall "Big amber."
The opera "Porgy and Bess" is a vivid musical tale of love, its instability, passion, as well as household tragedies and simple daily joys.
It reflects the afroAmerican vitality, music and rhythm.
This is precisely this lack of political correctness in this opera, this exclusion of tolerance makes it so alive.
"And yes, this memorable story is extremely powerful, extremely beautiful and somehow really deep," says director Viesturs Kairish.
What I like most is, when listening to or playing this opera, there are always stop points - famous tunes, famous themes, but these transitions from one character to another, illuminating one character or another character, or a chorus, or an orchestra.
"It's the most exciting, this building," the opera is evaluated by the musical conductor and conductor of the opera "Porgy and Bess."
Opera visitors agree that this is a grand event.
They have a great pleasure in hearing this world's famous Gershwin opera.
You can feel the world's breath in Liepaja.
"Performance professional," the opera is evaluated by the visitor Edgar Lam.
The concert was special to the fact that in the newly discovered concert hall, "Big amber" was first played by an orchestra in the orchestra pit and the first time of the opera concert.
The area at the Art Museum's renovated building could be named Yun Rozenthal.
Riga Vice-Mayor Andris Ameriks announced in the opening of the Rozenthal Anniversary Show that the museum's own address could not be the streets of Krishnan Valdemar in the future, but Yun Rozenthal Square 1.
Maris Bear, director of the museum, acknowledged that the re-registration of the address would create a good bureaucratic burden, but in general the idea was welcomed and therefore agreed to the local government's proposal.
The city of Riga has put its own fundamental stone on this idea in 1936, creating a Burkarda Duze monument for Janis Rozentals, which stands at the museum.
At the time, the museum director, Wilhelm Purvis, was one of the originators for building this monument.
That way, this further action could be purely logical.
I have a little bit of conscience all the time - but Wilhelm Purvis, where will we make his name?!
"But if you, Mr. America, promise to think," said Bear.
Reported that the National Museum of Art's building after an ambitious reconstruction and modernization of its doors officially opened this year in May.
This week, the reconstruction of the EEF Culture Palace will finally be launched.
The fleet of approximately €11 million will be restored to SIA "Velve."
It is planned to renovate several castle spaces, including two spectator halls, and to adapt the building to people with movement disorders.
Riga City Council intends to raise money from the European Union funds for six million euros, but Oleg Burov, director of the Riga City Council's Property Department, acknowledges that there is no clear clarity on European funds yet.
"Despite the fact that the political will to launch the EEF Cultural Palace for repairs by attracting the European Structural Funds is, we expect a decision for months, real action from the Ministry of Finance, will be the money granted or not," says Burov.
Last December, we were told that everything was dependent on Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Ministry of Finance received a letter from the European Commission that it was deciding that Brussels was not taking a decision here.
Now we see another circle of discussion building, well, then we'll see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council guarantees without doubt that this process will be started and completed within the deadlines," says Burov.
It was already reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, the EEF Culture Palace collectively held a farewell concert before immediately, the forthcoming renovation of the building.
Although last year, the renovation of the building was still not started and collectively continued to work in unapplied circumstances.
In the Riga City Council's Property Department strategy, the renovation of the EEF Culture Palace is divided into seemingly independent overhaul works, where each will ensure a different implementation of the castle's functions.
First - increasing the availability of the EEF Culture Palace and improving the surrounding area.
It is designed to arrange the surroundings and engineering communications, and to restore the building's facade.
Second - improvement of the supply of the EEF's cultural palace services.
It plans a renovation of the building's interior, walls and ceilings, the improvement of the stage and sound recordings studio, and to arrange the building's internal engineering communications.
Third - Improving the working conditions of creative amateurs, which include plans to improve workshop equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before the "Lives" 40 th anniversary, the legendary rock group can be learned at the exhibition in Liepaja.
The exhibition will include various items of "Liv" - photographs arranged in a time line to reflect the group's activities from the beginning until 2010, when the end of the group's activities is announced.
It will also show participants' stage costumes, musical instruments, awards and concert patterns, as well as other things that have not yet been seen for the wider audience, which reflected the creative activity of the group "Lives."
The exhibition will be complemented by the items of the Liepaja museum item.
The visual design of the exhibition was in collaboration with the fashion artist and the painter Eliot Patmalniece.
Also, musicians who had been associated with the "Lives" group and their relatives responded to the call and shared both objects and memories.
The beginning of "Liv" is sought in 1972, when a vocal instrumental ensemble led by Juris Pavitola is created in the Liepaja Culture House.
In its original composition, the ensemble had participated in the festival "Liepaja amber" in 1972 and 1974, as well as in the views of the city and republic.
In 1976, the fatal meeting took place when Juris Pavitola met Eric Kigele and a group of Metalurgs in the Cultural Palace, calling for the joining of Infloor Gutmanis, Andris Kruzins and Janis Groduma.
Over the years, the group's composition has been seen not once.
Participants have joined, others have walked their way, some have returned.
However, the main thing - the desire to demonstrate that Latvian rock music is capable of living and standing - remains unchanged.
"There were no shortages to see - the jackies, the hairs and bearded ones, these boys were distinctly different from the stereotype of the commonly accepted workshop," says the music watchmaker Clapper Squirrel.
In the group, without the aforementioned musicians, there were excellent musicians such as Igo, Vilnis Krievins, Modris Sterns, Valdis Schtarks, Laimis Rycene, Talis Pusbarnieks, Ainars Virga, Aivars Brize, Guntars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Thomas Klein, and many others.
The entrance to the exhibition free of charge.
The exhibition shall be viewed from 19 August to 30 October.
On 27 August, in Liepaja's concert garden, "Push, winds" will take place in the "Liva" group "Liva" for the 40-year anniversary celebration "LVIfest 2."
Inflation is seen in Bulgaria for the first time in 8 months.
In July, Bulgarian national statistics showed 1% monthly inflation.
That is the highest indicator since 2012 and the first indicator above zero since October of the previous year, when it was positive (0.2%).
Annual average inflation after CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), compared with a year earlier, was -0.8%.
The consumer-price index in July 2016, compared with a year earlier, was at 101.9% and monthly average inflation was 1.0%.
Since the start of the year, the inflation rate was -0.2% (July 2016, compared with December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016, compared with July 2015, was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month, there was a price increase in July 2016 for the following consumer goods groups: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); entertainment and cultural events (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%); household goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell for clothing and footwear (2.2%); housing equipment, household appliances and regular home cleaning (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the level of the previous month for alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Zbigniev Stankevics: The time is coming, and the truth is resurfacing.
The Archbishop of the Catholic Church of Latvia, metropoite Zbigniev Stankevics, says in an interview to the Independent that if we want to gain strength, the Gospel message must be placed at its centre.
Because the power of truth is greater than the whim of evil.
Many are already on their way to the festive festival of the Holy Virgin Mary in Aglon.
What message will the believers get there this year?
In recent years, the desire to run the main service in Aglon has been made by the Pope's nuncy.
Consequently, the content of the main message is in his terms.
It is also a kind of tradition that the Cross Road is controlled by Bishop Janis Bulis.
He would make his own message, too.
I run a festive vigil service on the previous day.
Last year I turned to Pope Francis' encyclic "Laudato si" and updated the common house that was captured in it, the theme of Earth in the context of Latvia.
This year, of course, I watch what happens in the world and try to respond to it.
My approach coincides with the church's suggestion that the Gospel message must be put in the center of life.
It must be demonstrated that the Gospel responds to the most experienced problems of human life and gives him inspiration for a further path.
Then it addresses people.
But in Cesis, the Lamp discussion, you said it "must come back to understanding the full person."
What do you understand?
Does that mean the man turns away from the church's message?
And does the church have such a return resource today?
In the Indian capital, robs a dying man on the side of the road.
In the Indian capital, no one seemed to care about a dying man dying on the side of the road - it turns out he had slept an hour on the side of the road and then robbed the BBC.
It was reported that a man identified as Mattial had been driving a rickshaw by day, but worked for a guard at night.
Matibal went home on the road 5:30 a.m. on the road when he was hit by a passenger car.
Surveillance cameras record shows the driver got out of the car to look at the victim and then drove off.
An hour later, when no one seemed to care about the bleeding man, he had been robbed by a garner.
About 90 minutes after the shooting event, police and a victim arrived at a hospital where he died of injuries.
By withdrawing his candidacy to the Director-General of the State Revenue Service (SRS), the Head of State Environmental Service, Inga Kolegva, has rescued the government from the fall, says Professor Ojars Skudra, associate professor of social sciences at the University of Latvia.
Covegan's explanation of the withdrawal of the nomination in connection with the contradictions in the ruling coalition is attributable to the fact that she has prevented the fall of the government.
An ant said in a conversation with LETA that it was difficult for him to imagine the "Unity" meeting next week.
Consequently, if the Ministers of Unity voted against, but Kolegov would have confirmed it anyway, it would lead to the government's resignation.
The expert also believes that, before the announcement of the withdrawal of the nomination, Koleegva has consulted both Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozols and Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis.
At the same time, it was also a concession to "Unity," which strongly opposed her candidacy.
In forecasting whether it would succeed in finding a suitable candidate through the competition, Skudra admitted that there were two options - either a compromise figure would be chosen, or the institution as the executive director of the Director-General would continue to be managed by Dace Grey.
At the same time, he points out that if the finance minister so far claimed that another candidacy was not considered, it was a nod to Grey that he should not participate in the contest.
LETA already reported that the Head of State Environmental Service had decided to withdraw his candidacy for the Director-General of the SRS.
Because of the "unity" objections, the government on Tuesday postponed the approval of Kokeegva in the post of Director General of the SRS.
Following the government's decision to postpone the decision, Kolegva confirmed that he was still ready to become the Head of the SRS.
However, she later changed his mind - on Friday, in a submission to Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola, she pointed out that she was withdrawing her consent to the transfer to the Head of the SRS and that she had no easy choice.
The press secretary of Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis, Andrei Wyvars, explained to LETA that a new invitation to tender would be held on the vacant post of the Director-General of the SRS.
A crash occurred in the centre of Riga involving a police car.
A road accident involving a State Police car has occurred this afternoon at the centre of Riga.
The police car, with the sound and light signals on, rushed to a higher-category call until a different car crashed at the intersection of Krishnan Baron and the Mill Street.
The police explain the circumstances, but the original information shows that the other vehicle has not missed a police car.
A woman has suffered in the accident.
Population decreased in Riga this year
At the beginning of this year, there were 638 784 inhabitants in Riga, which is 0.34% less than in 2015, when 641 000 inhabitants were officially registered in the capital, the Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia reported LETA.
In terms of population, Latvia's capital ranks 30 th place between the capitals of the European Union (EU) countries and large cities with a population of more than one million.
According to Eurostat data, Riga has the highest proportion of women - Latvia's capital is convincing in the first place between Europe's largest cities, with 127 women per 100 men.
All three Baltic states have the highest proportion of women in Europe's largest cities: in Vilnius, they are 123, and in Tallinn 121 women per 100 men.
A warning pictogram will be placed on the LNMM.
In the coming days, warning signs - pictograms - were placed on the Latvian National Museum of Art (LNMM), Riga City Council Property Department spokeswoman Baiba Gailite told LETA.
At present, the repair of the museum's glassware had been successfully completed, which had occurred as a result of the performance of the skitborists.
Warning pictograms will be placed in the coming days.
For its residents, the coverage tends to be slippery during rain and snow, it must not be moved with cars, as well as riding bikes, roller skates and skateboards.
On this social network, "Facebook" was also written by Ushakov, who pointed out that no security threats were caused, but "looks unearthly" and the skitborists "will have to be chased."
Holidays for children and parents - New children's playgrounds are installed in Riga.
This summer season, Riga Municipality has installed even two new playgrounds in the city, Cpsala and Chickenhill, which are already available for children.
A large, multifunctional playship with various scraping elements, bridges, games, trues and slippers has been installed on the Beach Beach beach.
The playground is for children of all ages.
Swings and different balancing elements are also installed in the area.
The fantasy world is brightened by the place of amusement on the coast of Daugava with a view of the passenger port and the cruise ships visible there.
In the playground, meanwhile, a game house, trampoline, step track, balance bridge, swing, playball and other game elements, as well as a gymnastics area with doughnuts for strength and coordination training, co-heads, etc. sports elements, are installed in the playground.
Beneath the square, the rubber covers in different colours.
Up to the playground, a new, colorful pavement covered from the street.
The reconstructed stage of the road was discovered in the hunt.
The Minister of Transport Uldis Augulis, the management of the Latvian State Road (LVC), as well as the builders' Binders and local government representatives, today discovered the Russian border of the reconstructed country's main motorway (Grebienva) - the Rezekne-Daugavpils-Lithuanian border (Medumi) (A13), from Medumi to the Lithuanian border (156.4-163.05. km).
Roads are a national business card, special border roads, so special satisfaction is to discover a reconstructed stage on the border with our southern neighbors.
This is another example that, thanks to the co-financing of European Union funds, the situation on the country's main motorways is improving.
"As the forecasts show, the means available for roads during this programming period will be learned in 2018, and we must think how to continue to maintain the most congested roads in very good quality, and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all regions of Latvia without European Union funding," Uldis Augulis stressed the symbolic tape.
The Transport Minister also pointed out that the proposals prepared by traffic experts on sustainable funding for Latvia's roads will be presented in the government at the time.
The construction work from Medumi to the Lithuanian border (156.4-163.05 km) was launched by SIA Binder last year and continued this year following a technological break.
The reconstruction costs EUR 13.5 million (including VAT), the project co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"In the reconstructed road phase, the design of the road is fully restored and repairs will be launched next year from Medumi to Daugavpils, and the whole road from the Lithuanian border to Daugavpils will be arranged," said Janis Lange, Chairman of the LVC Board.
The country's main motorways are the most congested, and by 2018 we plan to make all the country's main motorways in good condition.
The next task will be to maintain them in good quality by ensuring periodic maintenance and the replacement of the surface of the asphalt every 7-9 years.
"It will, of course, require adequate funding, and all travelers are looking forward to the proposals made by the expert group to arrange the road financing system," Lange noted.
Road connections and lighting in the Medumu centre are arranged within the project.
Significant land works have been carried out: in four stages, large-scale annealing and large-scale burial and embankment work, aligned the longitudinal profile of the road, which was very uneven until now.
The public transport staging points and the newly built turnaround area for public transport have also been restored.
Previously, the road was insufficient, and the terrain was not transparent because of mountainous valleys, as well as the old road.
In the next working season, it is planned to restore the road phase from the Daugavpils city border to the now reconstructed stage (144,80-156,40 km).
This year, LVC plans to carry out various types of works in more than 1100 kilometers of national roads.
Information on all repairs planned on the national road network this year is available on the LVC website at www.lvceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired weight reduction results, the correct choice of food combinations" is crucial, says Lithuanian dietologist Laura Romeraite-Kuklieriene.
In addition, it is easy to do during the summer period when fresh fruit, berries and vegetables grow in our own gardens.
The combination of smart food products can help not only reduce overweight but also aim to promote different processes of the organism.
Pasta and vinegar are a successful combination because they provide a lasting sense of sate and help fight fat.
Studies published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition have shown that vinegar has a positive effect on blood glucose and helps us to feel lively.
Cavern peppers and protein-rich food, such as poultry meat or a protein cocktail, produce not only a feeling of sate but also reduce the desire for big meals in coming meals.
Such a combination of dishes is also able to increase the amount of calories burned after the meal up to 35%.
Research shows that Kajen peppers can help get rid of the fat turn in the abdominal area.
The egg formulation contains a nutrient-boosting nutrient - choline, while paprika is a good source of vitamin C.
By taking a sufficient amount of these nutrients, the level of cortisol may be reduced, hence the accumulation of fat around the middle of the body.
Oatmeal porridge, which is accompanied by fresh berries, is another delicious and fat-burning meal for breakfast, which is worth including on its menu.
Oatflakes and berries contain fibre, which, according to the conclusions of the Canadian scientists, controls grely - a appetite-stimulating hormone - and thus a sense of hunger.
In addition, berries contain polyphenols, which are assistants in weight reduction and prevent fat from being produced.
Vegetables and proteins are also able to accomplish miracles in weight reduction.
Such a combination is capable of creating a feeling of sate.
Vegetables contain water and fibre and therefore contribute to the feeling of sate.
At the same time, proteins slow down the digestive process and provide a feeling of sate for longer.
At lunch, you can eat chicken with salad or make a protein cocktail from the finished mix and enjoy it with your favorite vegetables.
Avoid any combination of products.
The fruit contains sugars - monosaccharides or disaharides - compounds of one or two molecules.
In contrast, starch contained in vegetables is a polysaccharide.
The fruit breaks into the stomach mechanically, while it is not chemically distributed until it reaches the third or fourth degree in the digestive process that occurs in the intestine.
The starch is divided into three different stages beginning in the mouth.
It is therefore essential not to eat the sweet food immediately after the meal.
Eating the sweet food immediately after the meal is "trapped" in the stomach with other dishes where it is not chemically digested and starts to rot.
Do not eat bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, dates or other carbohydrate products, together with lemons, lime, oranges, grapefruit, pineapples or other sour fruit.
The enzyme typaline, which is in saliva, works only in the alkaline environment.
Fruit acids hinder not only the digestion of carbohydrates but also contribute to their fermentation.
Do not eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar combinations of protein-rich products per meal.
Their processing requires different digestive juices, each with different strengths, features and time to reach the stomach.
Watermelon, medusmelone, muscatmelone and other melons must always be eaten separately from other dishes.
Melons are not digested if they are in the stomach with other foods.
Fat in combination with protein-rich products.
Fat makes a successful combination with starch, yet the same can't be said about fat and protein - fat prevents protein digestion.
Protein can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
If a large amount of protein-containing products are consumed, avoid using fat altogether.
It also applies to freshening - it is not recommended to combine large amounts of nuts (containing proteins) with whole avocado (containing fat).
Such a combination prevents effective weight reduction.
How better to cook?
"Cooking, heat treatment results in significant loss of nutrients - approximately 15% to 55% of the original nutrient composition of the products," the dietologist indicates.
In most cases, nutrients go into loss by boiling foods in water.
However, the nutrient value of some foods is increasing by boiling directly.
After cooking the vegetables, it is recommended that you use the remaining liquid to make soup - in this case you will not lose the nutrients remaining in the water and you will be able to eat them later.
It is recommended that vegetables be cooked by steaming.
Heat treatment significantly increases the bioavailability of lycopene contained in tomatoes.
By boiling tomatoes for 30 minutes, the amount of lycopene increases by 25%.
Thermal treatment also significantly increases the bioavailability of betacarotene found in red, yellow, orange plants such as tomatoes, carrots, sweet potatoes and spinach.
The heat treatment of eggs and meat shall take away the natural properties of the proteins contained therein, making them more readily digestible.
Similarly, heat treatment of meat and eggs makes the iron and other minerals contained in these products more readily absorbable in the body.
It should also be borne in mind that freezing of products can reduce vitamin C from 10% to 90%, but the freezing of fibre does not affect.
Beans in combination with tomatoes can increase iron intake in the body, which in turn provides better brain and muscle activity.
Our organism takes up to 33% less non-combustible iron found in plant products such as beans, leaf greens, cereal products, than asinsic iron found in animal products such as beef, fish and chicken.
You can significantly increase the absorption of non-combustible iron in the body by using non-fatty iron products with vitamin C sources such as oranges, tomatoes and berries.
Vitamin C helps you change the non-combustible iron so that our body can absorb it more easily.
Iron is required for the production of hemoglobin, which provides oxygen delivery in muscle and brain.
To maximise the benefits of lettuce, add the healthy fat, such as olive or linseed oil.
When cooking sandwiches with salmon, add with vitamin D rich salmon or sardines no-dose yogurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the amount of calcium absorbed in the gut and plays an important role in the bone formation process.
Oats (as well as other full-grain products), along with vitamin C sources such as strawberries, blackcurrants, raspberries and other fruit or berries, help to stabilize cholesterol levels, and avoid blocking the arteries.
Snapchata's "Anime" effekts are crunched as a caricature of Asia
Snapchat says this filter has been stabbed by an anime, but critics say it is racially incorrect.
With this lens effect, Snapchat allows 150 million daily users to change reality and play with their identity in quite absurd ways.
You can turn your own into a pineapple, a dog or an image from a Roy Lihštenšteina painting.
Lens effects can be expressive using image misrepresentation tools that generate more than 30 million modified selfies every day.
Any error quickly becomes available to the audience.
Snapchata's lens effects have been criticized before that they depict facial mellow or white skin tones as a benchmark of perfect beauty.
When the new lens effects were published this week, which gave users crooked eyes, crooked teeth and soft cheeks, some people called these effects racist and cartoonists, portraying Asian residents as "yellow."
It was also asked whether it didn't indicate that the company had bigger problems with diversity.
News and public negations flared Wednesday when spending The Verge and Motherboard announced that these lens effects had been removed from the application.
The company explained that the lens was meant to depict an anime image rather than a caricature of Asian people.
But for people who have experienced racism, these effects resembled painful stereotypes.
And others denied comparisons with the anime.
A tweet by Korean American art student Grace Sparapani about the images gained extensive resonance. She said the lens effects were "painful and uncomfortable to say no more."
She added that it was hard not to notice the obvious similarities between Asian caricatures and lens effects.
It shows that the lens effect is not just a yellow passage but a yellow face at the level of racism.
Snapchat is not the only company that has fallen into these cultural traps.
It looks like American culture faces endless resistance because of its ongoing development and innovation.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people representing different races is more sensitive to such things.
"It's harder now to fail to notice such things than before," 25-year-old Katie Zou said in an interview Thursday.
On Thursday, the company's Medium product manager, Zou, deleted its Snapchat app and advised others to do the same.
In her article in the Medium and Telephone interview, she explained that she believed the problem had been caused by Snapchata's recruitment policy, which was not sufficiently racially correct.
Jou criticized the company's leadership, which consists predominantly of white men and then concluded his tweet with #DeleteSnapc hat.
"It means that there is no racial diversity in the leadership, so the following decisions are made.
Other people also agree with her complaint, which Snapchat has responded to.
The company doesn't disclose figures about the racial diversity of its employees, mentioning it is a private company.
Snapchat declined to discuss the origin of its employees, but its spokesman disclosed that the company had hired a staff specialist who would focus on bringing racial minorities in the company, which aren't widely represented in the company's location.
In turn, Zou won't renew his Snapchat account, adding: "Interesting whether they really need more users like us to understand that it's not right."
The House of Congress announces that military officials have tampered with reports of Islamic State.
In a statement issued Thursday, the House of Congress points out that representatives of the U.S. Central Command have twisted reports depicting the war against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria far more optimistic than it is actually.
Analysts at Central Command Intelligence are expressing general frustration at the interim report of the task unit set up by the Armed Forces Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Financing Subcommittee, indicating that their leadership controlled reports of Americans' success in the fight against Islamic State.
Central Command, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tamp, Florida, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest news on this report reports that intelligence reports confirmed by high-ranking Centcom leaders reflect the U.S. 's fight against terrorism more positively than it is actually. The facts were regularly skewed, depicting better achievements than other intelligence analyses suggest.
California Republican spokesman Ken Calvert says: "Centcom's conduct is unacceptable - our soldiers are the ones who suffer if our policy makers get false reports."
CENTCOM management errors are sought at the top management of the organization.
This 10-page report details the existing problems in the portrayal of Central Command and analysis of American efforts to prepare Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide conclusive evidence that senior officials of the Obama administration would have made the messages, however, it shows that Centcom's leadership has exerted some pressure on analysts to portray a more optimistic view of the threat posed by Islamic State (also known as ISIS or ISIL).
The report states that in the first half of 2015, the Central Regulatory Press releases, statements and reports to Congress portrayed the situation in a significantly more positive light than it was actually.
For example, Centcom representatives publicly announced that the Mosul recovery operation could begin already in April or May 2015.
Mosula is Iraq's second-largest city, still under Islamic State control.
Kansas Republican spokesman Mike Pompeo says in his report: "An investigation of several months is clearly demonstrating it."
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the top officials of the U.S. Central Government skewed the reports, portraying it, the threat of ISIS in Iraq weaker than they were in fact.
Republicans set up a working group, learning that analysts were concerned that information about Islamic State was being tampered with.
As the investigation continues, the report published on Thursday will be followed by new revelations in this case.
The inspector general of the Ministry of Defence shall conduct an investigation of the activities of the Centcom intelligence services.
Members of the Intelligence Administration Committee's Democrat Party released their own report on Thursday, in which they agree with some of the Republican Working Group's findings.
Democrat spokesman Adams B. Shiff reports in his report, from 2014 to 2015, Centcom too limited the preparation of intelligence-assessment reports in connection with ISIS and the Iraqi Security Forces.
Mr. Schiff explains that the process "stopped the dissemination of information," worsened the ethics of analysts' work and "distributed the facts that were not relevant to the truth."
But Schiff and Democrats added that there is no evidence that the White House has put pressure on Centcom analysts to draw up reports, according to a "predetermined or political stance."
The Daily Beast published preliminary results of the congressional investigation on Thursday.
In August, The New York Times reported that Pentagon General Statistics launched an investigation into complaints from Centcom analysts.
Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans announced the Pentagon wouldn't comment on the congressional report until the investigation continues.
He also added that experts sometimes intersect complex data, and the Ministry of Defence and the Intelligence Administration call for a constructive dialogue on vital national security issues.
The investigation does not cover only the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful (a statement expressed by more and more Defense Ministry representatives).
But last year's indictments call into question whether President Obama can rely entirely on reports provided by Central Government on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hot spots.
Criticism of Islamic State intelligence recalls more than a decade of ancient events when Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hurker made public the study, arguing that the George W. Bush administration launched the Afghan war, too little thinking about its potential consequences.
Huckabee also played a significant role in the discovery of the Islamic State intelligence issue.
Last year, official representatives reported that Hooking's team discovered that in contrast to public reports, air raids on Islamic State oil factories have not significantly worsened the financial position of the terrorist group because they had built temporary factories to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September's edition that this discovery didn't come out of the walls of Central Government.
At the moment, Centcom commander General Lloyd Austin III received sharp criticism as many law makers saw the war reports describe the situation too positive.
In April, General Austin retired and entered General Joseph L. Votel instead.
In the U.S. duel with Britain in the women's field hockey, wins the U.S., thus capturing the fourth consecutive victory.
A day after winning over Japan with a score of 6: 1, on Thursday Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the benefit of the U.S. women's field hockey team, when the Americans beat the Indian team with a score of 3: 0.
Five goals in two games are a memorable achievement, but the 27-year-old Bam said he couldn't remember if anything like her would ever have succeeded.
She said, "I have no idea."
I'm not from those people counting their gates.
But she knows that: The American result at the Olympics is 4: 0, which gives them a non-distinction with Britain in their group, which on Thursday after winning over Japan with the result 2: 0 remained undefeated.
Britain and the US will meet Saturday to play the final match in the first round games.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals and the game will only determine which team will take the first place in a group of six teams and whose second.
The first-place winner will take a little longer to avoid meeting the powerful Dutch favorite, which is the leader of the other group.
As well as not expanding Saturday's game, Americans have already caused a surprise storm when they remained in the final spot in London four years ago from 12 teams.
That team also had Bam
She grew up in BuzzFeed, a field hockey bat she first took in her hands at 3-year-olds (her older twin sisters were already dealing with this type of sport in Dreksel) and the national favorite joined when she was 16 years old becoming the favorite in the history of younger players.
She didn't get to the 2008 Olympics because she wasn't in the finale.
But 2012 was unsuccessful for her and her team.
The following year, an Englishman Kregs Parhams appointed a favorite coach and all began to change to the right.
Bama called it "cultural, mentality and physical change."
In London we didn't invest as much work as it is now.
We've changed everything.
In the quarterfinal game, Bam revealed the result, capturing the gate at first half-time with a back throw from a near distance.
India launched the game without winning its account, but their favorites were very fierce and held a minimal score of 0: 1 until the end of the third period, when Bam repeatedly gained the gates.
She entered the ball in the preside area, even the left side of the square, then managed to get to the middle of the square and cast the ball at the front gate, putting the American 2: 0 in control.
In the middle of the fourth period, Melissa Gonzaless scored another goal.
This was the dry game of the first U.S. gateway, Jackie Brige, in each of the first three games.
She's gone.
And so is Bam.
"We're doing very well right now," Pahams said, but how right it will be to show the game on Saturday.
The depressing food of the Depression period is "The Great Meal,"
In March 1933, shortly after the election of the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down in the oval room for a meal.
President Roosevelt tasted such delicate culinary delicacies as goose-liver pate, or fuagra and Maryland turtle soup.
But that day his meal was far more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato porridge and dessert - plum pudding.
Jane Ziegelman says: "This is a way of solidarity with people who were very hard."
Her husband, Andrue Kou, adds: "It's also a message to Americans how to eat."
A couple of Brooklyn Heights district are cooking historians.
Kou's latest book, "Vegetable Sketch," describes Chinese cuisine in America, while Ziegelman describes life through food at a rental house in eastern Manhattan in his book "97 Aapple."
Their new joint work, "The Great Meal," which will be published on Tuesday by publishing company Harper, is a story of American food during the Great Depression.
Showing some solidarity in culinary, they ate a meal together by reporters at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a simple lunch diner located in the Flatiron district and running from 1929, when the great depression began.
The 54-year-old Ms. Ziegelmann ordered a sandwich with melted cheese and chopped olives and the 57-year-old Kou ordered turkey, potato porridge and vegetable salad.
When a reporter ordered the fake hare, the couple admitted that his choice was very appropriate for a conversation about the Great Depression Time dish.
Mrs Ziegelmann told me that the fake hare was very popular.
There was a peanut hare, a liver hare and a bean.
They were made from basic ingredients and other ingredients that enriched the meal.
Imagine how it is to eat so much peanuts so they are at lunch.
Mr. Kou grimaced.
"Probably seemed to be full of lead," he added.
In pre-deprecial years, the American lunch table resembled a Swedish table, especially in rural neighborhoods.
Women were preparing to eat their husbands-workers and breakfast, lunch and dinner with freshly cooked cookings.
During the first World War, direct Americans sent Europeans food. "The rich meal" describes how Americans adapted to the circumstances when America was suddenly no longer a land of abundance.
"At the time, the dish became the main focus of the American people on everyday," says Mr. Kou, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write directly on the subject.
The new budget diets became equally important: such unknown dishes as fake hare and stews became everyday, stews were "a great way to use leftovers," Ms. Ziegelmann noted, as chefs could hide unattractive ingredients under creamy sauce.
The fresh fruit was replaced by cheap dried fruit.
Meat, which had been the main ingredient of American meals for years, now became an extremely rare luxury commodity.
At a time when calorie counts and nutritional nutrition were more important than taste, new, unseen formations were born.
In some ancient cookbook, Ms. Ziegelmann found a recipe for making onions filled with peanut butter.
Mr. Kou adds: "It wasn't a popular addition to the lunch table."
Ms. Ziegelmann emphasizes: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and fried onion are not compatible.
Many of the home's recipes adapted to the difficult times.
Household economists like Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Household Economic Office from 1923 to 1943, set out national eating habits that hadn't been seen before the Great Depression, not after it.
By publishing articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they advised housewives to become "economists" and accept challenges such as turning pasta and carrot into a delicious meal.
The "rich meal" is a feast of historical delicacies.
Particularly interesting are testimony about government attitudes toward its hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Hover's "let me eat cake" attitude.
While publicly he said about his simple childhood and catering in Iowa, he actually ate like a fine millionaire he had become.
Mr. Kou says, "He liked a European kitchen like a fish with cucumber sauce."
He ate in a nearly gilded parlor, wearing a dinner jacket.
He was completely detached from reality.
President Roosevelt would have made the same mistake unless his wife, Eleanor, had advised him to show an example with his stomach.
The book said that Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who couldn't cook, so the White House became the place "where not only was one of the most delicious dishes in Washington, but also the most poorly cooked."
As soon as the country's economy recovered, most of the Depression-era culinary parachute disappeared.
But we continue to focus on calories and nutrition, and how to apply science to culinary, Ms. Ziegelmann added.
The couple tells them that when writing a book, they gained a greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelmann's mother, such as why she couldn't throw out food.
"She was really afraid to throw out food," Mr. Kou said.
Ms. Ziegelmann said: "She actually infuriated people."
Once there was an incident with wind cakes.
When we had eaten at the Eisenberga diner, a pair of writers pulled a homemade dessert from the bag: a plum pudding that President Roosevelt tends to eat for lunch.
"It's a plum whipped cream," Ms. Ziegelmann said, adding that there was a common habit of giving a shick name at the time.
It doesn't have whipped cream, just dried plums, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone punched the spoons impatiently into the brown mass on the plates.
Surprisingly, it wasn't so bad.
Mr. Kou ate a few more bites.
Sounding like an experienced "economist," he told his wife, "A suitable strand of ground hazelnut."
Gilead will receive repayment on legal expenses in battle with Merck over hepatitis C patent
The district judge has ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc will be eligible for back spending on the lawyers' services it paid in the case for a hepatitis C patent breach against pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was acquitted in the case of a £200 million fine for breaking two Merck patents that threatened it in connection with the successful Sovaldi and Harvoni tablets, after a U.S. federal judge identified violations in Merk's operation, such as lying after the oath of oath and other unethical activities.
In a hearing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beta Labson Freeman noted that Gilead has the right to claim compensation for the legal expenses they have incurred in defending the case.
Merck is trying to get positions in the market against Gilead, which dominates the market in new-generation Hepatitis C drugs, which are effective in 90% of liver disease.
The case was launched already in 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other in an attempt to acquire ownership of newly developed active components sofosbuvir, a key component in Gilead's drug.
U.S. leaning forces say they have taken full control over the city of Manbidge from Islamic State.
U.S.-backed forces have gained full control over Manbidge's north, near the Turkish border, and the last Islamic State soldiers have abandoned the city, a group spokesman said Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) shunted the city from the last opponent fighters who haven't abandoned the city yet.
They have released more than 2,000 civilian hostages captured by militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDS Allied Manbidge Military Council told Reuters.
"At the moment, the city is in full control of our control and we finish cleaning operations," he told Reuters.
Clinton's income has reached $10.75 million in 2015 and paid a 34.2 percent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton released a 2015 tax return on Friday, where a Democrat presidential candidate and her husband have earned $10.75 million this year and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent accordingly.
In 2015, Clinton has donated $1 million, mostly to her Clinton charitable organization; former President Bill Clinton has earned about $5.3 million, speaking as a spider and a former secretary of state, gained $3 million in income from her book about his work at the State Departement, published in collaboration with Simon & Schuster.
Clinton's electoral ally - U.S. Virginia State Senator Tim Keane and his wife, Ann Holton, have made public their tax returns for the past 10 years.
In 2015, they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Keane continue to set new standards for financial transparency," Clinton campaign partner Jennifer Palmieri said in her statement.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump, in stark contrast, lurks behind various pretexts and reservations so that he doesn't have to fulfill promises to disclose his tax information.
The publication of the tax information paid is an entry practice for the US presidential candidates, but it is not required by law.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers for the reason for not disclosing tax information cite the audit of the State Revenue Service.
"Your Walking," in his tweet that revealed the tax information of Democrat candidates, was reported by Clinton campaign partner Ian Sams.
On Thursday, Trump Special Adviser Michael Kohlen told CNN that he wouldn't allow Trump to disclose tax information until audits were completed.
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, say his denial raises questions about his true tenure amounts, donations amounts and other commitments of his business, including commitments to Russia.
Clinton added oil to the fire, releasing a video Friday, where several influential Republicans are demanding Trump publicize her tax information.
She returned again to the issue during an economic rinth on Thursday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "He refuses to do what the other presidential candidates have done for decades."
Politico reports that in the 1990 s, for two years, Trump has paid very little or hasn't paid taxes at all, and on Friday the author of the New York Times business column reported that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
Federal tax rates are a major issue in this presidential election.
Clinton, in support of billionaire Powerful Baffeta's proposal, is promoting the idea that anyone who earns more than $1 million a year must pay a tax of at least 30%.
This proposal is also supported by President Barack Obama.
Last week during Clinton's speech in Omaha, Nebraska, where his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is also located, Baffet called on Trump to exchange tax returns.
Baffet said he was also being audited by the Revenue Service and Trump feared voters, not tax authorities.
The Clinton campaign has made public tax information up to 2007.
Clinton now lives in Chapova, New York and has paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent between 2007 and 2014 and a total tax rate of about 40.5 percent.
Clinton's 2015 tax report shows that unlike most Americans, only $100 of their income is salary.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund from which Clinton has received $109,000 in dividends.
Reporting by Kevin Dravbaughue; editor Jonathan Otis
Jewish filmmaker criticises hotel in Berlin over Israel's long-distance code shutdown, following some Arab request - RT News
The French filmmaker of Jewish origin has created a storm on social media after discovering that Israel's long-distance code isn't available at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, hotel employees justify it with the demands of Arab customers.
Claude Lancmanis, the documentary films of the Holocaust "Shoah" director, didn't hide his frustration with the Berlin Kempinski Bristol Hotel and addressed an open letter to German newspaper FAZ.
During a recent visit, Lancmanis tried to find an Israeli long-distance code on the list offered by the hotel.
But the country wasn't listed with states that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible that in 2016 in Berlin, in the capital of New Germany, Israel has been swept away and destroyed?
Writes Lancmanis.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol Hotel offers to call this country through its call center.
The director asked for an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancman writes that the response he received "shocked him."
The hotel administrator explained that "it was a deliberate hotel management decision."
The reason for removing the code further infuriated the filmmaker.
"Most of the guests are Arabs and they demanded the deletion of the Israeli code," Lanzman cites the hotel employee's explanation.
Suddeutsche Zeitung reports that the Israeli ambassador to Germany, Jakov Hadi-Handelsman, had called this case a "great shame."
We are surprised and shocked by the incident.
It's a great shame in itself.
And the fact that this has happened directly in Germany is an even greater humiliation in this hotel network.
No explanations are required.
The official said: "We expect the hotel to make the right conclusions."
This event also gained quite widespread resonance on the Internet, where people called it a scandal.
Others believe the Kempinski hotel had simply dabbled in Arab customers.
Another record heralded "shame" by stating that the hotel was on Kurfurstendamm Street next to the synagogue.
The edition Der Spiegel reports that the hotel itself had quickly rejected all the rebukes, announcing that it was all "misunderstanding" and apologized to Lancmanis.
"There has never been a direct order to remove Israel from the list of national numbers," Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes a Kempinski spokesman.
And adds that the code is once again attached to the list.
Police use rubber bullets and tear gas against protesting Brazilian students.
A collision of students and police took place Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo in Brazil, where students gathered in a demonstration against reforms of the government's education system.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students.
The problems began when the Ombudsman attempted to train students, leading to police use of rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students participated in the demonstration to show their aversion to reforms of the education system.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmina's proposal foresees closing nearly 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be moved to other schools with a view to saving funds.
Some demonstrators drew graffiti on the walls with messages against interim President Michael Temer.
This protest occurred just a few days after the previous protest, when students gathered in demonstrations with the aim of expressing support for the suspended President Dilma Rousefai, whose impellment was voted by the senate.
Scott Kallums Skinner wins first, bringing Britain into gold medal cycling
Kalla Skinner of Scotland finished the first men's cycling team in a sprint Rio velodrome in the race that took place last night, protecting the British team from defending the title of their champions they won in the 2012 London Games.
The 23-year-old athlete from Gbearsgov played an important role in the shooting race, making the proud legendary Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy and lifting victory for favourites for New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain was hit by shocking victories, Hoy fighting a fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they also repeated at the World Championships in London, despite the fact that Hoy had already finished his athlete's career.
The problems began when an experienced startup columnist Jamie Staff was to be replaced between the Beijing and London Olympics.
They did it at the last minute.
Hoya's retirement also created a vacancy sought to fill Kian Emadi and Matt Krampton.
The hopes of British coaches were at Skinner, seeing the potential for him, which he later filled in.
Hindes, Kenny - champions who started with Hoy and Skinner four years ago, who set the Olympic qualifying record, but the race was better launched by the New Zealand team.
But the British trio won gold medals anyway.
After his circle was tight, Kenny stepped into control, and the Skinner safeguarded the leadership.
Changing the strategy played an important role in winning, with Hindex driving more gear to allow Kanija and especially Skinner to drive faster.
Hoy's race watched as a BBC spokesman and caught the eyes of Skinner, Kenny and Hindesa at the moment they climbed on the honorary pedestal.
The 23-year-old Glagoer said: "It was an unspeakable honor."
I do what I can and defend my name.
In the finale we set the Olympic record and beat the World champions.
It was just incredible.
No better win.
After winning with Kenny and Hoy at the 2012 Olympics in London, Hind admitted he had deliberately fallen on the track after the failed start.
He later rebutted this comment and the British competitors had no power to prove the veracity of his above.
In this victory, there were no such incidents.
The Hindes said, "With all the British flags in the stands, the feelings were like London."
We all became a team in the last 3 months.
We've lost so many World Championships, so winning the Olympics was really something special.
One medal in one race for a country that won seven of the ten gold medals in cycling in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is a gauge of progress for our last five months, then the next five days will be very exciting.
With the performance demonstrated by Kenny, repeat Hoya's three Olympic golds isn't impossible.
For Kendall, it would mean six winning gold and one silver medal. Also, Kenny is born on March 23 (it looks like it's a British holy date, as Steve Regreves, Mo Farahs and Roger Banister are also born on that day).
Hoy is also born on that date.
Kenya's next race is a sprint that begins today and will continue for the next three days.
The 28-year-old athlete from Bolton said: "I just enjoy it all right now.
The team's drive is always the best.
Because then you can win with teammates.
If honestly, then win one is a bit lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he gets two more gold medals, he should be appointed in a round of knights."
That day it was the only battle for medals, but it wasn't the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggin, Ed Clancy, Steve Burk and Ovein Douls showed the fastest qualifying time in four-kilometers of four-kilometres.
Their time was 3:51 .943
The world record, which was set up in London in 2012, is 3:51 .659.
The first round and finale will take place today in the second half of the day, where Wigin will certainly be a focus.
Yesterday before the qualification trip, he had discord with the commissar when the judges called him to measure his stature.
In the women's journey, which will continue and conclude today, Laura Trott, Joanne Rovsela Sandis, Eleanor Barker and Katie Arcibalds of Milngaviya set a new record time of 4:13 .260.
The British delegation now relies on its cycling team to win medals in the middle of the Olipstical Games.
After a really brilliant and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone expects the same achievements in Rio.
Meanwhile, the backstage has gone differently, after accusations of sexism and defamation, technical director Shane Sutton resigned, as well as retired Hoya and Victoria Bendleton.
But now that the first velodrome races begin, it is starting to look that the British as usual will get together when it is needed the most.
The future of Portland's cauldron is becoming uncertain when an ambitious contract is terminated.
The future of aluminum cookery and hundreds of its employees in Portland, Victoria, has become unclear when the energy company, which was its chief customer, announced a cease-fire.
The announcement follows Victoria's government's plans to stop subsidizing the energy company, which is vital for the company to continue its work.
The 20-year-long subsidies will be suspended in November.
Consequently, more than 2,000 Alkoas Portland factory jobs are now at risk.
There could be up to 2,000 direct and indirect jobs at risk.
Moreover, it would also have unpredictable side effects, as the mill consumes about 10 percent of all Victoria's electricity supply.
In 2014, Alcoa closed Point Henry's cauldron, which led to the Angleseas power plant's operating break.
Alcohols Portland's cauldron works with losses and could be closed.
These events have been following several years of speculation about the rise in the value of the Australian dollar and the cost of factory production.
Factory energy supplier AGL, which supplies energy from its Loy Yang A power plant in Latroubes Valley, says it is likely the other three owners will stop their contracts.
Most of the power plant is owned by two companies - Alco and Alumia, in addition to the company's parts there, China CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holdings companies.
"AGL looks forward to continuing the operation of the Portland plant, which would mean further energy supplies for the cauldron," its spokesman said.
AGL said the contracts were so-called "hedging contracts" intended to take effect from November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month expiration date, so they will be valid until 2017.
"AGL expects these contracts to continue to carry income in the 2017 fiscal year," a company spokesman said.
Starting from FG18, potential income threats are limited to favorable energy wholesale market futures prices.
AGL says it has already racked up losses of $187 million in its forecasts, expecting those contracts to be terminated.
Alcoa reports that the decision to terminate the contracts will not affect Alcoa's possibility of continuing or delivering energy.
The US company reports that it has entered into a contract with Loy Yang for 20 years in 2010, but it will be suspended in November. The company has not provided any explanation why it will stop cooperating.
Analysts have expressed concern both about the possible closure of the Portland Bakery in Victoria and the closure of the Tomago factory near Newcastle, due to the adverse situation in the industry.
AGL CEO Stephen Michelson said last week that according to analysts' estimates, Portland uses 600 megawatts and Tomago 900 megawatts of energy for the year.
If both of these factories leave the energy market, this means a significant decline in energy demand.
And that wouldn't be good at all.
The commune's legal center rejects 160,000 people each year.
More than 160,000 human claims are rejected each year, with a reduction in the budget, the situation could deteriorate.
Three out of five people in Queensland - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no means to fight illegal eviction - are denied free legal assistance and representation.
The legal centre of the commune, which is already overburdened, warns that the situation will only become worse when the funding is reduced.
Already from June next year, these legal centers will receive 30% less funding than so far.
James Farrell, director of the Queensland Legal Centre, said that the latest report by the National Judicial Centre was reported that the legal aid was currently refused by thousands of people who needed it.
Mistral Farrell pointed out that if this decision was not repealed, then the situation would only become worse.
He also says: "The Queensland legal center is constantly providing insufficient funding, meaning that assistance is refused to thousands of people who need it."
For people trying to end violent relationships, people with deep debts, families experiencing divorce, workers who are unfairly dismissed - all these people have legal natural problems and this report shows that they don't get the help they need.
From June 2017, the federal government will cut funding by 30 percent, meaning that several thousand Queensland residents will have to address their complex legal problems without help.
We call on Attorney General and Queensland Senators George Brandise to immediately stop cutting funding so that people who need legal assistance can get it.
Last year, the government unveiled its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to draw attention to the needs of local commune and their clients and to the Palazchuk government to invest in this important sphere.
Donald Trump's campaign has been sued because one of the employees has pulled out a firearm
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been sued because it hadn't acted upon receiving information that its North Carolina operations manager turned a firearm against an employee who drove in a single car in February.
The incident was described in a court claim filed Wednesday in a Charlotte court filed by Vincenti Bordina - a former campaign programmer.
Bordini said he had waited months for the case to be dealt with inside the campaign until he realized it wouldn't happen.
Manager Earle Philip "pulled out the gun, put his right index finger on the rooster and turned the barrel against his knee," Bordina said in his complaint.
He also tweeted, after submitting complaints to the host and regional campaign leadership, Bordina learned that other people had experienced such events as well.
"Guns don't have to shoot to cause damage," Bordina said in his complaint.
Just two days before the filing, the Republican presidential candidate sparked a scandal by telling people that "the people of the Second Amendment," i.e. gun owners and enthusiasts, could act in case the election was defeated by his rival Hillary Clinton and elected judges.
Trump's campaign announced that the media had pulled his words out of context and that he had never bothered with violence.
Bordini, with his claim, wants to recover compensation from the campaign for careless supervision and from Phillips - for assault, illegal use of the weapon and emotional stress.
Trump spokesman Hope Hike didn't immediately provide a response or comment.
Attempts to contact Phillips aren't successful.
Wccb - Charlotte's local news agency reports that Philip has recently abandoned the campaign.
Tapt failed to call his consulting firm "Innovative Consultation Services."
Republican candidate Donald Trump has spent a fairly controversial election campaign.
The case Bordina against Donald J. Trump for President Inc. 16-CS-14300, the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
A new tradition, a civil parish and a sports festival.
On Saturday, for the first time, people gathered on the parish and sports festival.
After celebrating ten years, it was decided that the Lake Festival would no longer be.
A new page is now flipped.
The day began with sports competitions.
This time, the race wasn't traditional and too serious, because, for example, the darts had to be thrown in a sleeping goal, the boot was flying, with the man's left hand thrown, "bumbling" hasn't been in any Olympics at all.
However, each member could show how strong, brave, nimble and smart he was.
After the sports games, everyone gathered in an open-air workshop where the parish festival began.
In the meantime, the "corner of the kids" was also working, where the small ones could beat up in inflatable amusements and get a new image in the face of the floor.
The news, which could also become a tradition, was a parade of vehicles in which both tractors and motorcycles went.
They were all addressed by Inga Kadike-Skadins, managing director of the Latvian civil parish, who wished a nice rest and a dry weather, but the rain was still raining, but it could not interfere with anything.
The festivities continued with the salvation of the younger people of the Pilbara.
Really good that the parish has topped up with five girls and one guy.
With performances at the clubhouses, amateurs had arrived collectively from the Angus municipality, and the audience was very fond of the "Autumn rhythms" of the parents' dance set, the performances of the "Red" and the young dancers "Golden pearls" of the various folk dancers.
And it was nothing to slip on the wet stage.
Of course, the famous actors' duo Janis Jarana and Dainis Porgante, who were once again Mildina's navel and the Beautiful Kranins, as well as the Berzciema-looking wives of the "Days" of the fishermen, were delighted to delight in local people and villages.
The party was played by the group "Bruge."
Britain must maintain the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow.
Heathrow will not only promote prosperity and growth in local regions and London, but also across the country.
This, in my opinion, made Heathrow very attractive, just as it happened with London in 2012, where we made huge efforts to win all the regions of the country from the Olympics.
Stratford and Eastland gained enormously much of the Olympics.
And we will do it again by providing local residents and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow.
For local commune alone, we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40,000 new jobs and finally put an end to youth unemployment in the vicinity of Heathrow.
As it was at the London Olympics in 2012, also this time there will be people who will think that the challenge is too big and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious.
People said Britain would never be able to prepare for the Olympics in time and that it would be a world-wide flop.
Skeptics were wrong about 2012 and also in the case of Heathrow they won't be right.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow has so far overcome everything.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project that will benefit the entire community, not individuals.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs, economic growth of €211 billion, creating soil for both employment and experience at this airport and across the U.K.
At Heathrow, we have a great team that has created an 11 billion-pound infrastructure investment program that falls within the time frame and budget starting with Terminal 5, which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years and ending at Terminal 2, which has been built between the two most intensively used runways in the world.
Now they are poised to build a third runway, which will be financed with private investment of £16 billion.
The 2012 London Olympics was a great success and I am confident that this will also be the expansion of Heathrow.
It's time for us to revive that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow by ensuring our trade future and creating a new environment with employment with which Britain could be proud.
Lord Paul Dayton is a member of the Executive Board of Heathrow and a former Ministry of Commercial Affairs of the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
In Switzerland, a woman bumps into a highway trying to commit suicide.
The victim lay down on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police tried to find witnesses when she ran over several cars on the highway on Thursday morning.
The accident occurred Thursday shortly after midnight on the A1 road near Morga in the canton of Woo.
In the Royal Canton Polling report, she said she was desperate to commit suicide, she had settled on the road in the darkness, where several cars had run her.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, the 49-year-old Swiss, ran several cars, including the heavy car.
She died at the scene.
Several drivers involved in the accident have already provided testimony, but other involved have not yet been identified, say police calling for the recalling of the drivers involved and the accident witnesses.
A criminal investigation has also been initiated in the case, which is a logical step in this case, the lawyer Gilles Hofsteller told the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
Hofstetters adds: "The prosecutor will find out."
Two similar cases that have taken place over the past 5 years suggest that none of the drivers will be held accountable.
In both cases, the pedestrian was on the highway in the middle of the night, so it was decided that drivers could not predict that there would be a pedestrian in the middle of the night, the newspaper reported.
Last year, a policewoman was acquitted of killing after negligence when she drove a man in August 2014 who slept on the A1 road near Payernes in the middle of the night.
The 22-year-old victim was found to have been drinking and later managed to fall asleep on the road.
The court concluded that a policewoman who was on his way to the scene of the accident drove conditions in an appropriate manner and the judge admitted that the sleeping man on the road was "completely unpredictable and exceptional."
Anyone with information on the accident on Thursday near Morga is invited to contact police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Signatures shall be collected on the Internet for the organisation of a new position of the Head of the SRS.
The petitions portal "Avaaz.org" started the collection of signatures for the holding of a new State Revenue Service (SRS).
The petition addressed to Ministers of the National Alliance (NA) and the Greens and Farmers Union (GFU) states that the public wants a transparent and professional appointment process.
The petition was established on 10 August and is currently signed by 55 people.
The process of nominating the SRS Director General Counsel Inga Koleegva is opaque and unprofessional.
It recalls the best traditions of Soviet Union functionaries.
It discredits public administration and once again forces the public to disappoint in government and politicians.
"There is a need for competition with clear criteria to be assessed by all candidates," the petition text says.
Its author, Janis B, stated that the company does not know the criteria for the position of Koselegva.
Nor is it clear what the candidates intend to do at the SRS.
The petition states that the State Chancellery should establish a new, open competition in which professional candidates are actively addressed, specialists associated with individuals and offered appropriate remuneration.
Minister of Finance Dana Reizniece-Ozola formally nominated Kokeegov for the Head of the SRS last week, the government was scheduled to approve him in the new post this week, but all the Unity ministers voted against, so the issue was postponed for a week.
Samoilov: If we lost, I played bad.
The beach-footballs Alexander Samoilov and Janis Schmedins have been hoping for a prize at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics, but without having to meet it, there is no difference in where the competition is to be concluded, Samoilov said after leaving the tournament.
One of the world's most powerful beach volleyball pairs on Thursday in a subgroup tournament trailing and crucial game with 1-2 (16:21, 22:20, 7:15) lost to Brazilians Evandrs Gonsalvesa Oliveira and Pedru Solberg Salgadi, closing their membership in the four-year major sports forum.
In three sub-group matches, Latvian athletes scored one win, but the same relationship was two pairs.
The following recital counted the relationship between the three pairs of small points, which, following the overwhelming loss suffered by this match, was directly directed to the Latvian duo.
"In the first set, we were in control, but from 16:15 it also stayed on 16 points," Spondins recalled the course of the game.
I don't even know how we stayed without points in the remaining part of Seth.
You can't play it.
Then, in the second set, everything was fine, and he managed to break the game at the top, and it should have been a good foundation for the third set.
We started it in a similar way, but after we changed to the sides, the result was only one team.
We had too many errors in the attack.
In the subgroup, all teams were similar, with three setters in almost all matches, so the small points were important.
"Should have played more like, not repeatedly giving up 3-4 points in succession," the athlete said.
We knew Evandrs could be served.
"At the end of the first set, we got 1-2 points in the second, but there was a game in the third at +4," he recalled.
Tried to show the best game.
There were moments, no moments.
I didn't watch the situation before the match, but it was known that I needed as many small points as possible.
"If we lost, I played bad," Samoilov said.
We waited for a good service from Evandrs, and made a pretty good deal with it in the first setters, but in the third he opened the service, and it was hard to make an attack.
But I made a lot of mistakes in my admission directly to Pedru's service, but I had to deal with it.
Samoilov said that unlike the previous match today, the athletes had no nervousness.
"We went, played, there was protection, but we needed a better reception," the athlete said.
"They played well and finally came to 'urr'."
Before the tournament, we said immediately that the drawing was the most uncomfortable one could have been.
We had the chances of fighting for the first place, but we didn't even get out of the group.
"All of us were waiting for a medal and also from ourselves, but then there's no difference anymore - 25 th place or fourth," said Samoilov, who predicted the duo would continue to play together in the future.
I think there will be no question and continue to play together because this is just one tournament.
Samoilov in Rio de Janeiro was already in his third Olympics career since he started with Martin Blanche in Beijing in 2008, but played with Ruslan Sorokin four years ago in London.
Smedins, meanwhile, was the second start in the Olympics.
Latvenergo follows the opening process of the gas market from a potential trader position.
The national energy company Latvenergo follows the opening process of the gas market from both the consumer and the potential trader position, said Ivita Bidere, the company's press secretary.
"The decision on whether the future "Latvenergo" gas market will also be joined as a trader will determine what gas market model and legal framework will be created."
"Therefore, we are actively involved in creating and commenting on regulatory enactments, and presenting our proposals," said Bidere.
The Agency BNS already wrote that the Ministry of Economics (EM), in cooperation with the Public Utilities Commission and the energy company Latvijas Gāze, developed a draft Cabinet Regulations "Rules for Trade and Use of Natural Gas" which will change the existing principles of the functioning of the natural gas market, providing natural gas users with the right to choose a natural gas trader from 3 April 2017.
While working on the new natural gas market regulation, the objective of the EM is to make the natural gas trading process as simple as possible and to understand the user.
Therefore, as the most efficient and user-friendly service option, a "dealer-centric model" is selected, in which all activities relating to customer service are provided by a trader - one contract, one invoice and one information provision and customer service, leaving technical issues of the natural gas distribution system in terms of the distribution system operator.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in electricity trading.
It is recalled that the gradual opening of the market for household users - even after 3 April 2017, household users who are not willing to choose another natural gas trader will be able to continue to receive natural gas from an existing trader at a regulated price, thus becoming related users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas to related users at a regulated price is fixed for the public trader," the ministry informed.
Merchants, meanwhile, will have to choose a natural-gas trader to close a natural-gas trade agreement.
Until the conclusion of a natural gas trade agreement, the natural gas trader will be provided by a natural gas trader at a certain price for a certain period of time.
The draft Cabinet Regulations details the rights and obligations of the natural gas trader, system operator and users.
The rules shall determine the procedures for supplying natural gas to users and discontinuing its supply, the safe use requirements of the natural gas system, the rights and obligations of the owner of the trader, the public trader, the system operator, the user and the gasified object in the supply and use of natural gas; the procedures for the settlement of the services received, the amount of interest in arrears, the procedures for the exchange of traders and the supply of users in the event of disruption of natural gas supply; the procedures by which the public trader is provided by the public trader for the supply of natural gas to the supply of natural gas;
The coolest morning since June, places temporarily raining.
On Friday sunrise, the temperature of the air in nearly all of Latvia is +6.. +9 degrees, +4.7 degrees registered at the Mersram on two nights, which is the lowest mark since June 14, according to data from the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
Slightly above +10 degrees, air temperature remained only in Liepaja at night.
The amount of clouds in the country as a whole is small, the places temporarily raining, more heavily in Kurzeme and North Waziristan.
A slow southern wind blows.
In Riga, six morning air cooled to +8.. +9 degrees, at international airport to +6 degrees.
Blows south, southeastern wind 3-5 meters per second.
The maximum air temperature on Thursday in the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorological Centre's observation network ranged from +15,2 degrees in Aluksne to +19,9 degrees in Jelgava.
On Friday, the sun would fall with clouds.
Friday in Latvia will be relatively sunny, the clouds of gubies will bring a short-lived case to the venues.
By dominating a moderate western wind, the air will warm to +17.. +20 degrees.
In Riga, some cloud can bring a small short-lived case, the sun will warm up to +19 degrees.
The weather conditions are determined by the anticyclone branch, the atmospheric pressure 761-764 millimetres of the mercury column at sea level.
The highest air temperature in Europe on 11 August was +38.. +39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The lowest air temperature at night on Friday -3.. -8 degrees in the mountains in northern and central Europe.
A tipsy and armed man is detained on Aspasia Boulevard.
State Police (VP) detained a tipsy and armed man on Aspasia Boulevard on Friday, said VP spokeswoman Gita Gzibovska.
The VP has received information about an inadequate man walking along Aspasia Boulevard, who is armed with a weapon and looks heavily tipsy.
The carriage, who went on the call, suffered a traffic accident, and the man was detained by another carriage.
A gas weapon found at the tipsy man.
It was already reported that on Friday, in the wake of the call, a State Police (VP) car had been in the centre of Riga.
The accident occurred when driving to a Category A call or to prevent a situation in which human health or life is endangered.
However, there was a collision with some light car in the corner of the Barone and the Mill Street.
Minister: next week, it is planned to consider increasing the remuneration of the Director-General of the SRS.
Minister of Finance Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens and Farmers Union (Greens)) plans next week with Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (GFU) and the government coalition partners to talk about increasing the remuneration of the Director-General of the State Revenue Service (SRS).
Reizniece-Ozola told journalists on Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the SRS Director-General needs to be addressed urgently in order to make this post more attractive to possible candidates for re-competition.
It will also talk about changing the terms of the competition next week.
The minister also stressed that she did not have a specific candidate to qualify for the vacant post.
At the same time, Reizniece-Ozola expressed her view that the Director of State Environmental Service, Inga Kolegva, would have been a good general manager of the SRS.
In turn, as regards the current SRS manager, Dace Grey, who has expressed his willingness to qualify for this position, the minister reiterated his view that the new Director-General of the SRS should be "on the sidelines" and should not come from the SRS structure.
She also stressed that she was waiting for the Saeima to return from leave to advance the amendments to the laws required for the SRS reorganisation as soon as possible.
The agency BNS already reported that the Minister of Finance of the State Environmental Service, Inga Kolegva, had submitted a submission to the Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens), which withdrew his candidacy for the Director-General of the SRS.
In the submission, she said that it was not an easy choice, but in the last two weeks her relatives had experienced serious emotional pressure, although they had not carried out any law-reprehensible activities.
Similarly, Koleegva pointed out that the discussion of her candidacy has bred contradictions between the ruling coalition parties, which are also not acceptable.
It was also reported that the previous SRS general manager, Inara Petersone, left the post at the end of June.
Oil prices continue to climb; stock indexes in the U.S. and Europe are rising, as well as the value of the U.S. dollar.
Oil prices in the world are continuing to rise on Friday morning, with investor sentiment having a positive impact on the remarks of Saudi Arabia's oil affairs minister, which reinforces expectations that the largest oil steelmaker in September at the upcoming OPEC meeting will act to stabilize the global oil market.
Three major U.S. stock indexes hit a record high on Thursday, not seen since 1999.
The main positive factor in the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies.
Rising oil prices and strong financial figures for several companies on Thursday were also due to a rise in European stock indexes.
The U.S. dollar's value rose on Thursday relative to the euro, relative to the British pound and relative to the Japanese yen.
In the New York Stock Exchange's electronic trading, WTI's mark crude price for deliveries in September rose $1.78 to $43.49 a barrel.
The price of "Brent" stamp crude for deliveries in October on the London Stock Exchange rose $1.99 - to $46.04 a barrel.
The turnover of the canned producer "Blue Lagoon" is declining by 33.8% last year.
The turnover of canned producer Blue Lagoon was €4.202 million last year, up 33.8% less than a year earlier, while the company's losses fell 5.7 times - to 904.7 thousand euros, according to an annual financial statement published in the database "Lursoft."
The company's management report says that in 2015, the company worked with losses incurred for several reasons, including in connection with a persistent lack of working funds caused by the departure of Unicredit Bank from the Baltic market, disrupting the previously existing credit line, and leaving the Blue Lagoon with closed contracts without the possibility of complying with them.
Consequently, the company did not have sufficient resources to buy cheaper raw materials in large volumes and receive a volume discount.
The exit of the bank concerned from the Latvian market also prevented the company from implementing the European Union Structural Fund support projects which would have allowed the plant to buy new production equipment and modernise infrastructure.
Similarly, the company's financial creators were negatively affected by the rise in raw material prices during the year and the reluctance of customers to pay more for the goods produced by the company.
"Only in the second half of July 2016, customers acknowledged price changes and were willing to buy goods for the new - higher - prices," the company's management says.
Also in 2015, "Blue Lagoon" began negotiating with potential investors, including the valuation of the company's movable and real estate.
Investors have already been at the company's largest creditor, Unicredit Leasing, where the parties have met and discussed possible investment plans.
At the same time, the company's activities and development were positively affected by the implementation of the restructuring and optimisation plan launched in 2014 and 2015.
This plan included improvement and optimisation of technological processes enabling greater production productivity and capacity to be achieved.
"There were several facilities that provide greater production speed," the company's management said.
The "blue lagoon" management notes that the purchased equipment in 2016 will allow the company's production to perform orders that have not been possible until now.
The first batch of production to be produced on this equipment will be ready in August.
Since the intention protocols for the sale of the product have already been signed, all production will be sold according to the intention protocols.
The new product will increase turnover by about 300 thousand euros per month ," the company's management says.
The company also plans to sign a cooperation agreement on supplies of fish production to Iraq in August 2016.
The "blue lagoon" has sent its first experimental container to Israel in 2016, expanding its outlets to Cyprus and signing a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the U.S. this year.
As a result of all the above measures, the company plans to increase its turnover.
In 2014, "Blue Lagoon" worked with a €6.347 million turnover and a loss of €5.113 million.
The blue lagoon is founded in 1997 and has a core capital of €1,156 million.
The company belongs to two Latvian private individuals, Mikhail Kaidanov (89,11%) and Igor Sirsone (10.89%).
Welcome to the patch 15 at the museum to meet the cinema Diva Zara Leander and participate in a press conference.
Riga can be considered a city of the beginning and inspiration of the adored cinema diva Zara Leander.
The visit of Zara Lenderes to Aunt Ruth, who was the Swedish ambassador to Latvia, was fatal in Riga in 1924, as she discovered the unusual low conspiration of Zara Leander, which she attempted to debut on the scene of the Riga City Hall.
Perhaps the occasional accident in Riga became the fatal turn in Zara's creative path towards the world's glory.
Riga Zarah Leander linked to warm memories, and she hoped to come to Riga in the arrivals, but unfortunately those hopes were not destined to come true since the Second World War began.
With the form of the show, this meeting will be possible at the Riga Festival 2016 and the great Ieva Kerevica will be in the role of excellent Zara Leander.
There are extensive traffic restrictions in the Aglonian neighborhood.
In order to ensure the safety of commemorative members of the Holy Virgin Mary Heaven, the transit traffic on several national roads on several national roads in the Aglonian neighborhood will be closed between 17.00 and 15 August of this year, informing the Latvian State roads of VAS.
These restrictions will not apply to members of the Aglonal Festival and public transport.
It should be noted that the motorway P62 Kraslava-Preti-Madona, from Kraslava to Kraslav Station (0.80-4.00. km), is working and the construction site at the Aglonian Festival will only be crossed by public transport and pedestrians.
For other road users, traffic will be provided along the road, the diagram in the attached file.
Traditionally, a large number of participants, including pilgrims, arrive at these festivities.
Drivers should therefore be particularly careful as there will be an intense pedestrian movement on different road routes towards Aglons.
Calls on drivers with an understanding to treat the traffic restrictions introduced, to comply with the arrangements of the traffic organisation, and to count on a possible longer journey.
Water temperature has slipped below +20 degrees in all water bodies.
With cooling weather, water temperature decreases continue, and currently in all rivers and lakes, as well as at sea, it is below +20 degrees, according to data from the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
In the sea, water cooled to +16.. +18 degrees, on the west coast of Riga Bay, the wind impacted the water temperature to +13 degrees, in Roy moments to +9 degrees.
In Lielupe and Daugava, as well as in the large lakes, the water temperature is +18.. +20 degrees, in other water bodies +14.. +19 degrees.
A year ago, water temperature in rivers and lakes reached +24.. +25 degrees on 12 August, the south coast of Riga Bay had up to +22 degrees warm water.
A Russian army plane has been identified in the vicinity of the Latvian border.
A Russian army plane was identified in the vicinity of the Latvian border, the agency BNS learned in the National Armed Forces.
NBS informs that on Friday patrol aircraft over the Baltic Sea neutral waters at the territorial maritime border of Latvia identified the Russian armed forces plane "IL-20."
The BNS agency has repeatedly reported that Russian army planes and Navy ships at the Latvian border are detected on a regular basis.
A sexual assault on two children has occurred in the amusement park in England.
England City's Berkshire police are searching for an attacker who sexually abused two six-year-old girls in the amusement park "Legoland," the Daily Mail reported.
Police asked parents to investigate photographs taken in the amusement park, as the attacker could see them.
The girls had told her about the parents.
The man had been unknown to girls, white skin colors and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists occupy a German public broadcaster building.
A 30-man large Kurdish group took a public broadcaster WDR building in Düsseldorf on Thursday night, where nearly two hours of protest shares were held, German police reported.
Demonstrators who arrived with accompanying billboards chanted various slogans, seeking to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
Officials reported that the demonstration was generally peaceful and protesters had voluntarily left the building at the request of employees.
The insurer shall pay compensation to passengers on the airport cancelled on Wednesday.
IF Insurance paid a travel insurance reimbursement to a family on Wednesday 10 August at the airport "Riga" cancelled flight, which led to the refusal of a planned visit to the music festival.
On 11 August If an application for reimbursement was received from a customer from a customer.
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium, but because it wasn't possible on Wednesday because of the flights canceled at the airport, the customer was charged for a booking of accommodation that could no longer be cancelled, as well as for the purchase of the festival tickets of €204.
In turn, money spent on airplane tickets has been promised to customers by the airline.
IF Insurance from all travel insurance claims on average 15% of cases has paid compensation for the cancellation or cancellation of a journey.
"At such times, expenses are reimbursed for the purchase, return or exchange of tickets, as well as on the reservation of the accommodation," says Dagney Rutte, head of the Insurance Personal Risk Insurance product.
As it is known, on the evening of 10 August on the airport "Riga," a private jet stopped due to technical problems, so only several departing flights were cancelled, but several incoming flights had to be diverted to other airports.
Because of the neighbor's repair, the man is on the crumbling ceiling and forced to leave the house.
In the LTV show, "Studio 4" turned to Dmitry Saidjaseva, whose neighbor started the capital overhaul in his apartment, and since then Dmitry has been stung from the ceiling and has no assurance that he is safe to stay in the apartment.
The problem is that my neighbors carried out arbitrary construction and have damaged ceilings in my apartment.
Then I informed the Riga Building Board, the House Manager and other organisations.
The building board said we were no operational service and we had no expert.
"The owner of the apartment has to go to the Latvian Association of Engineers, and there will be an expert from there," says Dmitry.
An invited expert has arrived, recorded what happened and admitted that the division was in a disappointing position.
But since the first time of Dmitry's submission, a month has passed in the construction board, and by the beginning of this week no one could answer whether it was life-threatening in the apartment.
The construction board said it was legislation, wait, if you're not satisfied, write to everyone in turn.
"I wrote to the Riga City Council, but they transferred the house to the manager, then the house manager again to the construction board, and then there is a stalemate," says Dmitry.
After examining the whole pile of papers, it is clear that the works have been stopped, sometimes you can hear someone working there.
An expert-examination should be carried out within two months and within six months of the apartment owner carrying out the repairs, all these defects must be remedied.
The independent expert has developed his opinion, but the construction board considers it incomplete and superficial.
The expert has not indicated whether the metal grid contained in this bearing structure is affected, so that there is no assurance that the owner of the lower apartment is threatened.
"This is why we have requested an additional explanation from this expert," says Riga City Building Board spokeswoman Ilze Zuka.
Despite the ban on any repairs in the upper apartment, it is still heard that construction will continue.
The penalty for arbitrary construction without building permits is between €70 and €700, but in the case in question, the penalty may be far more severe.
While an expert's opinion is pending, the construction board has decided that both apartments should not be operated, both in which the works and Dmitry's apartment are in place.
"This is an unprecedented case in a construction practice where, in this way, because of their ignorance or simply unwillingness, citizens may have created a threat not only in their own property, but also to the owner of the lower property, as a result of which the owner cannot operate his property," a representative of the building board says.
Now Dmitry has to look for another place to live, to the relatives, his friends, the hotel, or to rent another apartment.
But the damage caused by Dmitry can seek to recover from a neighbor's civil war, which can take a great deal of time.
Because of the arbitrary construction, there is currently a ban on both apartments until the superintendent gives his conclusion and may have to wait even three weeks.
Losses incurred will have to be borne by the owner of the apartment where the repairs took place.
The owner of this apartment is also threatened with a prison sentence of up to six months because of the fact that the construction board has not been taken into account.
Guess what!
How many cubs in this picture?
The right answer - five.
In Ukraine, five white cubs were born in the Demidov zoo near Kiev.
Everyone feels good and sometimes snorts together, despite the fact that total babies are feeding.
The transformation of the former Kemer sanatorium into a five-star hotel will cost €22 million.
The transformation of the former Kemer sanatorium into a five-star hotel in the Park Hotel Meemers will cost €22 million, says Gita Zelve, a spokeswoman for the future hotel management SIA "Park Hotel Meemers."
The building of the hotel is the first phase of the renovation of the Pemers' former sanatorium.
The second stage will be a "wellness" or well-being clinic scheduled to be unveiled in 2022 while the hotel's discovery is scheduled for May 2018.
Zelve notes that the exact cost of the clinic is not yet known.
But she points out that it will be located in the building of the former Pemers resort, which has an area of about 12,000 square meters.
The clinic will be placed on three floors.
"Park Hotel Kemers" and the owner of the intended clinic are the international fund "G Capital Europe" investing in European assets.
The owners of "g Capital Europe" are several investors who invest money in this fund, Zelve says.
As previously said by George Jones, executive director of G Capital Europe, it is planned to invest €12 to €15 million in the creation of a former resort polemical, with a total of €30 million investment.
It has already been reported that the restoration of the cultural historical park in the area of more than 42 hectares, the restoration of access routes and street stages, the construction of an interactive nature tourism facility, the development of the area and the construction of parking lots on Emile Garden Street, which will contribute to the socio-economic development of the city of Jurmala and the increase in tourist numbers, the Jurmala City Council plans to raise €14.5 million from European Union funds by co-financing with three to four million euro.
Design works are scheduled for mid-2017, but construction and arranging jobs will begin in the fall of next year.
As reported, the Historical Sanatorium complex "Kemers" is planned to build a five-star hotel "Park Hotel Meemers" and "wellness" or a well-being clinic.
However, the reconstruction lasted.
In the 2010 Annual Report, however, it was still alleged that "Ominasis" was regularly communicated with the "Kempinski" hotel operator, which continues to provide daily technical control in the Sanatorium "Kemers" and will definitely be "completed in 2011" and the preparatory work for the opening of the "Kempinski" chain hotel will begin immediately.
In October 2014, its readiness to buy a set of Kemers Sanatorium belonging to the insolvent "Ominasis Latvia" was certified at the auction by "Park Hotel Keemers," but a month later the auction was recognised as uneventful because the winner had not paid for the purchase at the specified time.
The sales price was determined according to the last price of the non-traded auction, EUR 2.86 million.
As LETA was informed by City Council spokeswoman Ieva Ailes, the local government, by signing the protocol, confirmed that, with the support of the co-financing of the European Union Structural Funds, the fitting infrastructure would be arranged - restoring the historic Kemer Park, creating an interactive nature tourism facility, arranging roads and parking lots.
The President, Antohnenko, will serve the Three Star Order.
The President of Latvia Raimonds Vejonis, next week, on 16 August, will be handed over to the Three Star Order Class III opera singer Alexander Antohnenko, according to the President's agenda.
The three Star Order ceremony will take place at the Blackhead House at 13 a.m.
According to the information provided by the Latvian National Opera and the Ballet (LNOB), Antohnenko graduated from Joseph Meddle College of Music in 1998, where he had learned the game of fireworks and learned the singing at Margaret Gruzdev.
Studied in the Voxal section of the Latvian Music Academy of Joseph Willow in Arvia Lusti.
In 1997, he started singing in the Latvian National Opera chorus, and in 1998 debuted the role of Oberto in the G.F.Hendale opera "Alchina."
Received the "Big Music Award 2003" for vocal performance in opera shows and Verdi Pryor.
It is noted that the season of 2004./2005.2012 became the most internationally recognised tenor of Latvia, which is dominated by the largest world opera theater.
Since autumn 2004, he sings "Düsseldorf's Deutsche Oper am Rhein," the Berlin and Gracie Opera, Dresden's "Semperoper," Oslo and Stockholm at Royal Opera, the London Covent Garden Opera, the Monte Carlo Opera, the Vienna State Opera, and the Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf Opera and the Salzburg Festival.
Antohnenko debuted in 2009 with great success at the Metropolitan Opera in Prince's role in "The Mermaid."
In 2011, in 2011, Antohnenko, with Ricardo Mouth and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, sang the title role "Othello" at the Paris Opera, at the Covent Garden Opera, he sang Luigi in the "Cloak" newspaper, as well as in Stockholm attended by Christophe Lei in the rehearsed "Girl From the West."
A year later, Antohnenko sang Othello's role in London's Covent Garden Opera with great success.
A Russian hacker has been hacked by former NATO commander Bridlow's e-mail.
Hackers hacking the computers of the U.S. Democrats' National Committee (DNC) have allegedly carried out several other cyberattacks, also hacking the emails of NATO European forces former commander Philip Bridlow and the George Soros Institute's "Open Society" servers, the business news agency Bloomberg reported Thursday.
The information obtained by the hackers was published on the "DCLeaks.com" site.
Among other things, Fredlow's correspondence and news of the Soros Institute's work are also inserted.
For hackers, the Institute's computers have been available for a whole year.
According to Bloomberg news, these cyber attacks were carried out by the same Russian specialised hackers who broke the DNC e-mails.
Newspaper The Wall Street Journal, in turn, reports that the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama is currently examining the issue of imposing new sanctions on Russia, in response to the hacking of DNC computers.
To impose sanctions, the administration will have to officially cyber-attack the Democratic Party's servers to accuse Russia or Russian authorities of supporting hackers.
As reported, the website WikiLeaks published in July about 20,000 emails obtained from the DNC's computer system and from which the Democrat Party leaders appear to have sought to harm party candidates Hillary Clinton's former rival Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders's campaign in the fight for the election of Democrats' nominations in the presidential election.
As U.S. press sources reported, the Federal Bureau of Investigation conducting a probe of the Democrats' server hacking, as well as other U.S. specialists, believe Russia's commitment to cyberattacks is almost unquestionable.
McCartney: Joko Ono's presence threatened "The Beatles."
Paul McCartney acknowledged that Joko Ono's presence created a sense of the legendary group's "The Beatles" threat.
The 74-year-old rock star currently maintains a "good" relationship with the widow of the late John Lennon, but at the time she went to the group to visit a record in the studio, McCartney frightened her because Ono was the only woman among the group members - George Harrison, Ringo Stary, Lennon and McCartney.
When the singer was asked about both relationships, he replied to the Rolling Stone magazine: "They're really good."
We felt threatened at the time.
While we recorded, she sat on amplifiers.
Most of the group couldn't tolerate it.
We could, but not quite successfully, because we were very tense.
We weren't sexist, but girls didn't usually come to the recording studio, they let us work.
When John began to meet Joko, she didn't sit in the control room, but in the middle of our four.
The author of "Yellow Submarine" also admitted that he now regularly communicates with former group member Ringo, and occasionally approves the work plans of the records studio "Apple," but otherwise "The Beatles" have "ended up working."
Asked if he was still meeting the second single member of the legendary rock band, McCartney told the Rolling Stone magazine, "Often."
We meet social events and parties.
But I don't go to meetings, I feel a bit of it.
I went from "Apple" during a hard divorce.
I sent John Eastman to the meetings and said, "Tell me what everyone says, because I can't stand sitting on the table."
It was too painful to see his pet dying.
The company now works so I'm just listening to all the records.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venus ever had a habitable planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venus has ever been a habitable planet.
Scientists at NASA's Godarda Space Research Institute have developed a model to explore the history of Venus using tools and algorithms that climate scientists also use.
The model was designed to determine whether on the Venus, whose surface is hot, there is no water on it and its atmosphere consists almost exclusively of carbon, there have ever been Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus's slow speed of rotation is explained by the dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulations suggest that the Venus had ever had a plan, a Earth-like atmosphere, and it turned slowly.
The model also looks at Venus's earlier topography.
There had been more dry areas on the planet than on Earth, but there had been plenty of water and geographical diversity to build life and prevent water from evaporating.
In early Venus times, the Sun was 30 percent brighter.
In the GISS model simulation, Venus's spin model reveals that the light part of the day on it lasts 2 months, GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a press release.
The process warms the planet's surface and evokes a case that, in turn, makes layers of thick clouds working as an umbrella, shielding the planet from the sun's heat.
The result is a moderate climate temperature, which is actually a few degrees lower than the temperature on Earth nowadays.
The model depicts the history of Venus, which is similar to the theory of evolution developed by scientists in its hypotheses.
Although it had ever been inhabitable, the Venus had been subjected to too much heat and ultraviolet rays over the course of several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and the vapours were burned by ultraviolet rays.
As the water completely evaporated, there was only a thin carbon dioxide atmosphere with deadly greenhouse gas - the Venus we know today.
Scientists published the results of the new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters magazine.
Patrick Roy resigns from "Avalanche" coach post
On Thursday, Colorado Avalanche coach and hockey operations vice president Patrick Roy filed a resignation, as a reason for guessing, the lack of influence in the team's decision-making process.
Colorado vice president and general manager Joe Sakick confirmed the news and announced the club would immediately start looking for a new coach.
"For the last three years I have vigorously, enthusiastically and purposefully fulfilled my duties as head coach and vice president of Colorado club hockey operations," the 50-year-old Roy reports in his statement.
This summer, I've been thinking a lot about how I could improve the team's performance to give it the glamour needed and achieve higher-profile results.
To achieve this, the vice president and visions of the chief coach and hockey operations must fully coincide with the organization's visions.
He must also be able to influence decisions relating to the performance of the team.
These conditions are not currently met.
Sakick, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his investment in the team.
Sakick said Patrick informed him about his decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation's good and wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014, Roy was recognized as the league's best coach and received a Jack Adams award.
He helped the club reach 112 points and the first place in the Central Division, but in the first round of the shutdown games, the Colorado team was defeated by the Minnesota Cowboys. Since then, the club hasn't entered the shutdown games for two years.
Avalanche completes the 2015-2016 season with a score of 39-39-4 and remained five points behind the Wild team without getting the Western Conference organisers' second special invitations.
Fame Hall goalkeeper Roy scored four wickets in his career - two with the Montreal Canadiens and two with Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks and defer strike
Employees' strikes on the pay of North Sea oil workers have been postponed, with both sides involved in the dispute reopening talks, negotiators say.
Occasionally, the oil-processing company Wood Group is ordering strikes on North Sea oil platforms running Royal Dutch Shell.
The joint statement says Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions agreed to resume talks about resolving the dispute.
Over the next few weeks, we have a number of full-day meetings beginning at the beginning of next week with the aim of re-examining the problematic issues.
Unions said their recent measures, organized after a more than 25-year cease-fire, are against a planned wage cut of 30 per cent.
Because of the negative market pressure, Wood Group reduced its wages in the North Sea by 9 percent this year.
Already in 2014, the company cut its onshore workers' salaries by 10 percent.
The company explains that in addition to wage cuts, it would allow the company to survive the market downturn.
Shell, meanwhile, already cut wages for several thousand people and announced plans to stop operating oil and natural gas in 10 countries to optimize its work in preparation for a large-scale merger deal with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are feeling pressure due to falling oil prices, and the situation is further complicated by Britain's decision to abandon the European Union.
At the start of the week, Scottish Parliament MP Dave Anderson met with workers' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - North Sea strike plans.
He said the North Sea is vital to the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country in general need an economy that benefits all, not individuals.
In 2016, new North Sea projects are expected to invest nearly $1.4 billion, compared with $7 billion invested in the past five years.
Kepler sizes the speed of the stars in the constellation of Plowers.
The latest Kepler telescope mission has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalog of star-spinning speeds in the constellation of Plowers.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in this constellation are cutting at different speeds, as well as the way the star spin speed applies to the formation of planets.
"We hope that comparing our results with other constellation, we will gain more knowledge of the relationship between star mass, age and even the history of its solar system," said Pasadena Caltech's infrared Process and Analytical Center scientist Louis Rebula in a news release.
The Pipeline constellation is located at 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in this constellation only start to grow, reaching about 125 million years of age.
They revolve at the maximum speed.
Spinning at the maximum speed, these growing stars release a large amount of stellar winds.
When the winds arrive in the star magnetic field, they have a brake on the stars.
When the stars are aging, their speed decreases.
Kepler measures the speed of each star's rotation, measuring the time between the appearance of recognizable star areas such as sunspots.
The latest catalog of star-spinning speed suggests bigger stars are spinning slower than smaller stars.
The rebull compares the stars with the danced, larger-sized dancers perform the pyreettes more slowly than small-body dancers.
The rebull tells us that in the Plowers "ballet" we see that slow-rotating objects are bigger and more massive, while faster rotating objects are very small stars.
Thanks to the fact that Planade's constellation is so close, it serves as a great space lab to compare star characteristics with spinning speeds.
Rebull tells us that Plowers's constellation helps shape theoretical models for stellar rotation in both directions for both older and younger stars.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why the stellar spin rate is slowing and about their full stop process.
Rebull and his colleagues detailed the analysis of Plowers star spin speeds in three new publications that will soon be published in the Astronomy Journal.
