28 years old cook was found dead in San Francisco in the supermarket
28 years old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, this week, was found dead by a supermarket kāpņutelpā.
But the victim's brother says he cannot imagine anyone who would want to hurt his brother, saying that: "His life has finally started to improve."
The Vestfildas supermarket on Wednesday that has been found dead was identified as a 28-year-old San Francisco resident principal Frank Galicia, said San Francisco medical expert.
San Francisco police have said that the case is being investigated as a murder and is now on the brink of the investigation.
Victim brother Luis Galicia told ABC raidstacijai KGO in San Francisco that the principal Frank previously worked as a cook in Boston, but six months ago he was on his dream of working in a restaurant "Dēli & Meitas" in San Francisco.
Restorāna Dēli Meitas "&" representative announced that they were shocked and horrified to learn of his death.
"We are a small team, working as a united family and he will be sorely missed by us," said the spokesman.
At this difficult time, our thoughts are with the friends and family. Frenka
Luis Galicia said that at the beginning of the principal Frank had nakšņojis hosteļos, but the last time life finally had improved.
"He was ievācies the new apartment and had started to meet up with a girl," Luis told radio station KGO.
Luis Galicia told us that he did not know who would like to cause across his younger brother.
He was a good man with a heart.
"He always palutināja her family, pagatavojot garšīgu a meal and preparing dinner," said Luis Galicia
He never did not want to get involved in the disputes.
He was a brother, who were current when it.
"Given everything that is going wrong in the world, he was the jewel that every day in the postseason came down," he said.
Anyone who may have any information about the incident is asked to call the SFPD Information line 415-575-4444.
The new doctors' strike: Invite to new protests
The new doctors' representatives for their trade union membership to launch protests in the dispute over the new contract.
The British Medical Association (In New doctors (JAK) was going to require the council to support the wider protests with effect from September this year.
JAK says that ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the contract.
In July, the new doctors and medical students rejected In the proposed contract.
Of all the members who took part in the vote, 58% voted against.
Ceturdienas night published message on Twitter, Member of the Board of JAK Elēna Makkorta said that the government continues to remain silent on this issue and it has led to the rejection of the offer.
She said: "As a result, fully JAK has voted to reject the proposed contract and demand a new formal talks to discuss key issues."
In response to the government's silence, JAK today made a formal request to meet with In Council to authorised the development of a new contract, which will come into force in September.
The dispute resulted in new doctors taken part in six strikes, including, for the first time in the history of the NHS stopped working.
After the vote, which was rejected In a proposed contract conditions, recommended by the BMA, resigned as In a new doctor spokesman Dr Johann Malawana.
Before meeting with 54 000 young doctors and medical students, he was the BMA members said that the contract is well designed and will be adopted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hants, said that the contract will be concluded with the England team.
Russia and Turkey: Izstumto alliance?
It was a gesture, which has put an end to the crisis.
the Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday to sarokotos and announce the eight months of the war baigām and economic sanctions.
But Vladimir Putin sveicinoties with Turkish leaders Sanktpētrburgas Palace, the impression that Ankara is it that this partnership is needed the most.
Despite this, the two sarokojās.
Smiling for Vladimir Putin looked aprauts and was not caused by warm emotion, even after his usual standards.
In contrast, guest Tayyip Erdoğan was going to call Putin on his "dear friend", repeating it at least five times, according to a survey of the meeting.
I nojuka number.
He also promised that relations with Russia uzlabošoties not only to the pre-crisis levels, but even better.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdoğan uzvadoties as if something bad had happened.
I am his enthusiasm was caused by conflicting feelings.
But from Putin's izstarojošā vēsums showed that the Russian leader has not forgotten.
The first, which he mentioned in his speech, was the downing of the Russian aircraft on the Syrian border.
At the time, Moscow has reacted strongly.
Putin has accused Ankara of dunča ieduršanu Moscow wearing.
Pāridarījums was seen yet sāpīgāk, given that it came from a friend.
Restore the real confidence will be very difficult, if not impossible.
Since November, the Russian public position and has changed.
For several months, the government controlled television announcing widespread hostility to Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed that the whole was guilty of the Turks.
The most acute was the accusations, which reported that the Erdoğan family to make a profit in the illegal oil trade with Islamic State controlled parts of Syria.
He himself fully denied.
However, in St Petersburg was a hint that it's time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received an apology from President Erdoğan.
Russia could be seen as a kind of victory.
Ankara benefit from a peace settlement is clear to all.
First of all, it is necessary for all Erdoganam iespejamie friends, after he was nearly overthrown in last month's coup attempt.
The numerous terrorist attacks have shaken his lines.
And there is also the economic motives.
Russian sanctions have caused substantial damage, especially in the charter ban, which typically provides a Turkish beach with several million Russian tourists each year.
This figure fell by almost 90%.
The Russian tūroperatori and čarterkompānijas will breathe easy when scheduled flights will be restored.
They are hoping to seasonal izskaņas leave fever in the Mediterranean Sea.
Already this week, state TV for fruit and vegetable prices fall, which will be returned to Turkey's fruit and vegetable imports.
As was quoted as saying by the local newspaper Vedemosti: "Tūristus them, tomatoes us."
But the visit was also other political motives from Moscow.
Ankara is angry to the west of, in their view, the weak response to the coup attempt.
The whole can pieskatīt and protracted negotiations on the accession to the EU and Putin's intervention, who would like to use the situation that Turkey and the West's relationship is atvēsinājušās.
the Russian leader certainly was the winner, providing support for the coup and the de facto authorities after the attempted coup.
Please note that Moscow is afraid of regime change in the country.
The summit, held in the coastal gleznajā Palace, gave Russia and Turkey in the present, as one analyst described it, "Izstumto Alliance", the two countries, who feel excluded from the West, joining forces.
But despite the public demonstration of unity, between the two countries is considerable differences.
One of them is Syria, where Russia presents itself as a peace in the media, but where Russia and Turkey supports the other side.
After more than three hours long discussions the two presidents at the press conference revealed that they are not even touched on this issue.
Turkish President purposefully avoided questions about the differences between the two countries, meanwhile, President Putin mentioned the only separately.
There is no real clear, as the two countries could find common ground on Syria.
But after several months of open hostility and potential disaster, when NATO member Turkey by Russian warplanes, the situation has improved, as the two leaders have relaunched the talk.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside of Scotland
SKB offisa Zīmolam will continue to play the role of the Bank's CEO, said.
Outside the Scottish SKB will no longer be available.
Ross said Makevans BBC channel in Scotland, SKB brand was an associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has abandoned them, because eight years ago BankB almost went bankrupt and was necessary financiāla assistance.
In the meantime, the brand stratēģisti has used SKB brand in order to protect other consumer financial brands.
The Bank received millions of pounds from international sport, from the Six Nations rugby and finally with the junior Wimbledon title tennis champion Andy Mureju.
However, it has now been decided to give the other nacionalajiem brands to gain popularity.
Scottish Royal Banaka will be made available to the Scottish customers, but will not be made public.
SKB in England and Wales in the future there will be a key ofisa and stock market, but the rest of the way frančīzes will be changed to the name of the NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already being used in the Republic of Ireland and in Northern Ireland.
Now attention will also lower the private financial brands, for example, Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Makevans was intervēts izbrauciena time with customers and employees by Invernesšīru.
He told BBC Scotland: "SKB channel will become our investors' brand and it will be given more attention, because now we become more about brand of banking."
By the time the bank itself became a global brand and also SKB became a global brand.
Now I say that we are no longer a global ambition, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique, each in its sector and our staff will work with customers below these brands.
SKB has already announced that it will not "the Six Nations" sponsorship and calls on the people of the other brands to participate in-sponsors.
"it is the right time to become a brand of banking, because the banks have long since we have been asking ourselves how to become better banks to their customers?" says Executive Director.
It would have been a very cynical, where three years ago, we would have said that we will become a great bank for our customers and will develop these brands.
But thanks to the hard work and focus on the customer, rather than our own needs, we have made changes.
We can once again to revive these brands, so I think that now is the right time.
Frenkijs Detori wins 3000th victory after success with horses Predilecton Ņūmārketā
Detori atkorķē šampānieti after a victory for 3000 Ņūmārketā brought him victory.
On Friday, the jockey Frenkijs Detori won his 3000th victory after the first site acquisition Ņūmārketā.
He was on this achievement, winning his second victory this evening in their working hard on horseback with Predilaction by coaches John Gosdens.
45 years old Italian man is the sixth jockey, who has shown up such achievements sprinta horse races.
He had joined the Seram, Smith gets, Gordonam Ričardsam Dougam Lesteram Pigotam, Pītam Ederijam and Villijam Karsonam.
Trīskāršējais Detori champion jockey, who previously won by horses, Ghayyar tecia: "This is something special."
I am very moved, because my whole family is here.
I am very glad that it happened Ņūmārketā, because that is where I lived for 30 years.
This is not a great sacīkste, this is not the Royal Askota but simple Friday night with 20 000 people.
the EU feel relieved and very grateful.
Detori is expected with applause and jubilation, after he and Predilecton returns with a victory.
Two jockeys quieting has reached this record race with obstacles - champion Richard Johnson and retired 20 yet another champion Sir Anthony Makkojs, who in his career rekordcienīgajā amounted to more than 4 300 victories.
Lesteram Pigotam, deviņkārtējam derby winner owns 4493 career victory.
Frenkijs is one of the modern era's best žokejiem and it is not surprising that he has reached this achievement, which is able to achieve a few.
He is the style and strength, but his tactics sense of their distinguished from other žokejiem.
He is a fantastic racing representative, his enthusiasm and harisma years attracts fans.
A few weeks ago Epsomas Frenkijam sacīkstē I said, if he had not only weeks nogaļu and the great racing jockey, he would already have 6,000 victories.
But speaking seriously, it is good to see that Frenkijs for 30 years has been able to win on a regular basis.
He is full of life in nature, which the British race is a great attribute and, moreover, he is also a great jockey.
principal Frank Detori noted that achievement with its hallmark - flying nokāpienu.
From flying finišiem to lidojošām nokāpšanām, Frenkijs Detori for two decades has been the face of the British horse racing.
This has been the adventure full path.
He has won many big races, including the 1996 his famous "excellent" Septītnieku Askotā, moreover, survived the crash and preparations, fine.
Three years ago, he experienced some difficulties, returning after a six-month ban, but he was able to demonstrate its nature forces, regaining his best form.
And he can continue to compete for some time yet - Detori previously has said that he would be happy to compete until at least 50 years of age.
Russian President Putin's dismissal of the administration Sergey Ms
Russian President Vladimir Putin dissolved the unexpectedly adminsitrācijas leader Sergey Ms.
Ivanov for many years been Putin's closest circle of people.
At 63 years old politician has appointed a special representative of the natural and transport issues.
the Kremlin statement said that Putin "decided to release Ms from the Russian presidential administration driving duties", without giving any reason.
IVANOVA instead of the Antons Vaino, who was appointed his deputy since 2012.
The 44 year old Vaino is a former diplomat.
Vaino was born in 1972 in the Estonian capital, Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MVSAI) and later worked at the Tokyo embassy.
According to the Kremlin's website (in Russian), later he led the Presidential Protocol and government employees administration.
After the appointment, he Putin said: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the administration's main job is to support your work in the country's president, drawing up laws and controlling your decision.
Putin on Friday told a Russian broadcaster off air that Ivanov himself wanted to leave their posts and recommended Vaino as a substitute.
Will grins convinces?
This step embarrassed about that Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov old and close to Vladimir Putin ally and, like Putin, had worked for the Soviet security service of the KGB.
In this capacity, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
State television during the session of the meeting, the two men announced that Ivanov to resign on his own initiative.
But despite a series of cameras smaidiem, rarely with such a statement reassuring, especially ahead of parliamentary elections.
Is this outcome is linked to the fight for power?
That no one knows.
However, the claim that the man who was considered a possible president himself, suddenly wanted to become the head of Russia's environmental policy, has been met with scepticism.
the Kremlin's new set of remarks Ivanov told Putin: "It is true that in the beginning of 2012 I would you ask me to this difficult position, one might even say the problematic, within four years.
It turns out that I have worked in office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Previously, he served as prime minister and defence minister.
He is the Russian Security Council member and former KGB of the National Security Service officer, like Putin.
at the end of the 1990s, Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service, the successor to the KGB, Ivanov took his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ms to five people including, whom he trusted most.
Putin's second term at the end of Ivanov was considered a potential Russian presidential candidate, as Putin's re-election to a third term would be unconstitutional.
At the time, however, the president became another close Putin ally - Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister, and after three and a half years ago, returned to the presidential office.
the emergence of a fish in the garden Banfas Mīklainā
A man from the Banfas asking for help to clarify the circumstances under which his garden Banafā have appeared in the fish.
Kevin was thinking that 75 fish could be sand eels, which iesūcis his garden laistītājs.
Beina President, who live around 500 metres from the sea, released images of their Mysteries Periskopā, cerēdams that someone might know how she appeared in the garden of this 5 centimeters (the big fish.
Kvīnsferijaskrustojums: The bridge is now combines Fifi.
Currently costing £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed in May 2017.
Inženieri savienojuši Kvīnsferijas is an arrangement on the north and the viaduktu, which means that the bridge is now connected with Fifi.
The first of four savienojošajam parts has been completed, which means that the construction of the bridge is coming to an end.
Fifes bridge construction is 600 metres long and weighing 30 000 tonnes.
It consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel, 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
At 1.35 billion pounds to Mindanao projektuplānots to complete in May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keits Brown today was up to the construction site and was one of the first to walk on the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historic moment Kvīnsferijas the bridge construction."
In this project we may be witnessing a truly enormous inženierspēju paraugstundai where used more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel to build this bridge part alone.
Despite the enormous weight and size of the bridge and viadukta combination is extremely delicate process, which requires a huge accuracy.
Overall, more than 79% of the bridge deck has already been built and last sekcija, which will link the bridge to the Rosyth will be ieklāta today, which means that all parts of the bridge is ready ieklāšanai.
The fourth bridge connection project director Michael Martin said: "The first connection is a very important point of any bridge construction."
The fantastiskajā project first connection is symptomatic of the higher classes inženierbūvniecību.
After the last stage of the installation path and its connection with the support of the north tower, we postponed to connect the northern sections of the land part or viaduktu.
This was done, in the northern part of the 700 pabīdot piebrauktuves viadukta milimetrus to the south.
It was a large scale and at the same time a very delicate operation.
Masīva because viadukts has 222 metres long, weighing approximately 6,000 tonnes and was jāpavelk bed around 3%.
Delikāta because clearance in both directions, which worked with the team, was only a few milimetrus wide.
Fortunately, it all ended well.
Simona Bailsa gold appearing for women.
Aizmirstiet tension.
alarm Aizmirstiet.
the Mayor Bailsu all this does not bother.
. lēcieni Dinamiski
Easy to had never.
Nepārspējama on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally, the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, 19 years old American vingrotāja won the gold medal, the full demonstration of the gap between themselves and the rest of the world to olipmpiskās scene.
Her total score 62,198 was the head of the judicial override the silver medal winner and her team biedrenes Alijas Raismanes results and the bronze medal winner of the title Alijas Mustafinas results.
On Thursday the US this month Simona Bailsa vingrojumu had carried out on sports gymnastics individual daudzcīņas the final of the women of the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bailsa became the fourth American in a row, which acquired daudzcīņas and the fifth best vingrotāju, is gradually strengthening reputation as the best of his generation vingrotāja and, possibly, the best vingrotāju in history.
She escaped asarās when it was announced in the end result and her long road to this day was over.
This achievement of their ranks alongside nepārspējamiem athletes like Michael Felps, who picked up his sport to a new level.
Bailsa over the past three years has dominated the sport in its own way, gaining 15 medals in world championships, including 10 gold medals in carrying out such excellent, precise and ambitious vingrojumu combinations that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Retone he described as "the best vingrotāju, which she has ever seen."
the last test of their expected in Brazil, where she was largely has to compete with the expectations created by him, rather than with the other athletes.
She frustrating if they returned to their homes Springā, Texas without the gold medals.
US female Simona Bailsa (left) and Alija Raismane apskaujas after izcīnījušas respectively, gold and silver medals in the sport gymnastics individual daudzcīņas the final of the women of the 2016 summer Olimpiādē in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place on Thursday.
The first gold medal won Bailsa on Tuesday, making a special sample coordinating Martas Karolji farewell party.
Although Bailsa says that in his long road to the peaks of the waiting was not anything, however, it is not really true.
Part of her priekšnesuma liberal movements, which includes her complaints.htmlcomplaints akrobātisko transition, accompanied by the Latin music, which would in the street next to the Rio Olympic Games arēnai.
It is not a coincidence.
The girl, whose adoptēja her grandparents when she still had the baby and the mother, which opened in treneres Eimijas Būrmanas trip to the sports hall, where did Būrmanes terniņi, has now become a force with which to contend.
She has not lost daudzcīņas competitions since the summer of 2013 and winning streak can continue for as long as Bailsa wants it.
While Mustafina two rotation during a little league, it was just an illusion.
Līdzvara beam and free movement - part of the race, where Bailsa will defend his crown title, are ahead of us.
She came up with the results at the forefront of 15,433 had strengthened the management and the results of the liberal movements 15.933
Raismane their soft apskāva as long as they waited for the results, which was just a formality and she escaped joy asarās dream came true, when she was once listed in his remarks grāmatiņā.
Raismanes performance was a little revenge on the events of four years ago, when she was divided in third place with Mustafinu, but lost the fight for the bronze medal.
This time, 22 years old, the team captain, what the Americans call a "grandmother", posing a convincing lead.
After the performance of the liberal movements that took place, doubts about her return, she was able to devote the air skūpstu crowd.
In the meantime, 19 years old Bailsas virālajam tvītam, which she published this week, now has a completely different meaning.
6 years old Mahajs Brown "bullet-sacaurumots" survive today in Philadelphia.
Police said a 6 year old boy has been shot Philadelphia, indicating that it is already the second sešgadnieks, who shot this week in Philadelphia.
Child grandparents CBS Philadelphia news channel, confirmed that it is Mahajs Brown.
parents committing suicide, says that Brown was shot several times, including in his groin, in the foot, in hand and stomach, but was still conscious when he brought to the hospital.
His grandmother Deloresa Melendeza tells TV: "She baby body was simply a bullet-sacaurumots".
the EU can't believe it.
The baby boy is in a critical condition in hospital and has already undergone a number of operations.
The family says that he is likely to sound.
He had to start to go in first class at the local primary school.
Brown is one of four people who shot Džermantaunas part of the city.
It was also shot three men: Two 29 years old men and one of the 32 year old man.
The channel CBS Philadelphia reported that one of the 29 years old men are in a critical condition, while the other two victims of the situation is stable.
The channel reported that the child was found in the front seat next to the 29 year old victim in a critical condition.
The other two victims were not in the car and police is investigating whether any of them had been the aggressor.
An investigator seeking told CBS Philadelphia station, that is likely to have been involved in a number of shooters.
On the ground, only found the weapon into the chamber čaulītes belonging to different weapons.
It seems that it has been a long-lasting shelling.
Both sides were found in the pavement čaulītes.
"So it seems that there have been a number of armed shooters, who actively participated in the fire," the story of the Philadelphia police captain Anthony Ginaldi.
damage caused to a number of homes and cars.
No one has not yet been arrested and reportedly checked surveillance cameras, police records.
On Tuesday, during a shoot nomaldījusies bullet hit a 6 year old meitenītei in hand, while his were playing in front of their homes Vestoukleinas district.
She is slowly recovering, but police are still looking for the perpetrator.
Why do we need the Mayor, Gabiju and Lauriju.
That is what I call this year's Women's Olympic Vieglatlētu Komandu and there are several reasons for this.
First of all, I have been to all the summer Olympic Games since 1984 and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, this team is made up of three vieglatlētēm, construed, Bailsas Gabijas Duglasas Laurijas Hernandezas and that inspires many young girls of another race.
People can be proud that this team is also Alja Raismane who is Jewish and Madison Kociana, which is a Catholic,.
Finally, the team looks like America.
It has also been strengthened by the black and Latin American athletes' participation in this sport.
Over the last four years have been the best vingrotāja afroamerikāniete.
Last year, Simona and Gabija took 1 and 2.
They are impressive results.
Approval of the Olympic Games Gabija Duglasa, surprisingly, became an Olympic champions and America could līksmot.
Now the world has seen these neticamos vingrojumus, which met the triple world champion Simona Bailsa, Duglasa and Laurija Hernandeza fulfilling impossible, but impressive vingrojumus.
On Thursday smerikānieti Simona became the fourth in a row, which has won the gold medal to individual daudzcīņā women.
Her team biedrene Alija Raismane won the silver medal.
We have seen the best of what this sport can bring, but elsewhere in the country, the situation is different.
Simona, Gabija and Laurija entered the Olympic are just as Alija and Madison.
They are the "Olympic Piecinieks" because the next Olympic gymnastics team consist of only four athletes and this is the last year treneres Martas Karolas treneres at work.
The truth is that exercise is an expensive sport and vingrotāji above all trenējas private "clubs and their parents, which pays for training, accommodation, travel, hotels, formastērpiem (coaches, athletes and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these "clubs are located in urban areas, which can afford this kind of sport.
These clubs athletes are discharged of all their training and it is expensive and long contribution to Andersen families.
'Ca Būrmana - construed Bailsas time and Maggie - Hainija Laurijas Hernandezas trenējušas time is their female since they both began to vieglatlētiku.
We must ensure young girls, who inspires Simona, Gabija and Laurijas cheaper gymnastic training opportunities.
the EU their "organisation founded 20 years ago.
In my organisation, which is located in Hārlemā, we offer more than 15 000 urban young people (mostly black and Hispanic origin) gymnastic exercises for free or at low cost and we have also trained the national and international champions.
In September, we will discover a branch in Detroit (my home town), in order to ensure that local young people the opportunity to get to know this great sport.
Vieglatlētika develops strength lokanumu and body coordination, and also teaches hard work, discipline and commitment to the goal.
This combination ensures a long life with good health and success both at school and at work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to train with vieglatlētiku and it is fantastic.
to deal with this sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thank you, Simona, Alija Gabija and Madison, for the excellent "Girls' Force" demonstrations, winning the Olympic gold medal and motivating countless new, different race girls to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After Džeremija Hanta rejecting the offer, the new doctors are planning to deploy more strikes.
Ministers had hoped to put an end to the controversy when it was agreed to change the contract with the British Medical Association representatives. However, 58 per cent of the 37 000 new doctors, who took part in the vote, rejected it.
In July, Hants, announced plans to conclude a contract, pointing out that the NHS is in a precarious position and that further delays will only suffer staff and patients.
The first of the new doctors have already signed a new contract, which requires changes to the conditions of work on the night shift and weekends to improve working conditions for the non-standard working hours.
Last night, the BMA new doctors spokeswoman Dr Elēna Makourta announced that young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular, that the labour force will deepen the crisis and it does not provide a level playing field for all doctors.
Atlikušas eight weeks until the first of the new doctors group will sign a new contract, so the need to make progress, because time is running out.
BMA attempts to solve the problem through negotiations are confronted with the government's reluctance to engage in and sometimes with complete silence.
This happened even despite the fact that even last month Jeremy Hants said that his door is always open.
Džeremijam Hantam must act now to stop its inaction and cooperate with the new doctors.
If he fails to do so, then the new doctors are ready for new protests.
The last strike at the end of April were postponed over 13 000 routine operations and 100 000 visits, while nurses and consultants tried to replace the doctors who had fled picket.
Ministers had hoped to put an end to the dispute, when it was agreed to change the contract with the British Medical Association representatives.
BMA wants to raise the rate of work at weekends 54 000 young doctors, which would be subject to the new contracts.
NHS employment Executive Director Daniel Mortimers called for new doctors nedoties strikes.
Mortimera President, explains that the strikes does not solve anything, but only increases the pressure on staff and pressed me, is stressful and barriers for patients, carers and their families.
Over the last two months have been talking with the new doctors, and together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions have responded positively to their questions about aizgādniekiem and whistleblowers.
employers hopes that the active cooperation in other important issues, such as staff, elestīgas training, in addition to the training of those who return to work after a career break, training costs, the training programme for the mutual recognition of abandoning their studies and gender pay inequality in medicine - shows that employers, health education authorities in England and the Ministry of Health seriously want to implement the agreement concluded with BME in November, February and May.
Medicinal products about 2 pounds a day may reduce the risk of heart attacks.
in thousands of patients who had sirdstrieka, could receive treatment with drugs at 2 pounds per day, because the official representatives of rekomendējuši to use them more people and a longer period of time.
Pretrecēšanas drug ticagrelor samazinu a heart attack risk for people with sirdsslimībām.
These drugs are already being prescribed for 12 months after heart attacks, reducing the risk of recurrent heart attacks.
NHS, NICE is rekomendējuši to use these preparations 4 years after heart attacks, in order to reduce the risk of heart attacks more people with cardiovascular problems.
However, the NHS is now in the hands of the NICE is rekomendējusi to use these preparations 4 years after heart attacks, so much more to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Every year, around 140 000 people in England is experiencing a heart attack and a quarter of experiencing a heart attack or stroke.
Sirdtrieku and strokes are caused by the accumulation of fatty heart sieniņās, creating barriers.
If aizsprostojums burst, it can create trombu, blocking blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
And, if trombs detached from the vascular wall, it can get further asinsritē blood and block access to the brain, causing a heart attack.
People who have been sirdtrieka, are at greater risk of repeat heart attacks.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca, which is marketed under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of developing trombu.
The new NICE guidelines, published today, recommends that people use the 90 mg ticagrelor 12 months and another 3 years by 60 mg twice a day, along with aspirin.
NICE Health Technology Director Professor Kerola Longsona said: "Despite the fact that have access to drugs for the prevention of recurrent heart attacks, more than a quarter of people who have been sirdstrieka, is experiencing a stroke or heart, stroke and often with serious consequences."
Fear of recurrent heart attacks can have a negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Evidence suggests that ticagrelors combined with aspirin effectively reduces the risk of recurrent heart attacks and heart attack, once people have already seen.
A temporary recommending treatment with ticagreloru, are happy to expand treatment for thousands of people, which is thus winners.
Given the limited information on ticagrelora effectiveness and safety, in particular asiņošanas the risks involved in using these drugs for more than three years ago, the guidance project nerekomendē to use it for over this period.
Political correctness culture promotes electoral fraud in Islamic areas
According to the annual report, the former mayor of the city Hamletas Lutfurs Rahmans was dismissed in connection with corruption.
The government's report reveals that a culture of political correctness has led the Islamic districts on a large scale corruption.
A former government minister Sir Lilan Pikls criticises police, election monitors and city councils that they are ignoring the signs of fraud, because "are afraid to touch on the ethnic minorities."
Former Secretary of the Commune, who has now become the anticorruption movement members, says that voter intimidation is so widespread that the police should be allowed to deploy the guards outside polling stations in order to protect iebiedētus voters.
He also recommends that voters would have to show ID when they vote in order to demonstrate their true identity.
Currently, voters are only indicate the name and address.
He even recommends to mark the exit fingers with a special ink to prevent double voting.
Fudged atmaskotāji also provide more protection, says Sir Lilan.
He also wants to release would have greater access to Council documents and decisions taken by the informal committees and working groups.
He says: "The aim is not only to prevent electoral fraud, but also to protect the local authorities of a wider culture of corruption and fraud, both of which are linked."
The report was commissioned by Downing Strīta Toverhamletas city after the election scandal.
Last year, the court ruled that the city's mayor Lutfurs Rahmans are to be removed from the mayor of corrupt and illegal practices.
Court accused of 'cynical Rahmanu perverse "religious vision and his critics and insulting the accuser of racism and islamafobijā.
"the Rahmans conducted its election campaign with a statement that it is the Muslim Holy task to vote for him."
300 votes were fake or questionable, because one man was voted on several occasions.
Sir Lilan also said that across the country there are signs of fraud.
Particular attention he drew fraud through the mail, a senior Muslim Commune members, using its authority, forced the others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Lilan recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including the ID requirement to ascertain the identity of the person.
His report says: "there is evidence that many vulnerable members of the Commune, particularly women and children, are being forced to vote in favour of the Commune senior preferred candidates. Especially: with the Bangladeshi and Pakistani origin citizens."
"There is a concern that the district authorities do not pay attention to these problems too sensitive political correctness, because it could offend other origin and religion."
Sir Lilan raised 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system, including a ban on polititskajiem activists to act with the ballot papers mail form, to prevent "the cultivation."
The report, which examined by Theresa May, also calls for more rigorous registration check in order to prevent the use of electorate registers of immigration and benefit fraud.
Apsvēr the opportunity to verify voter ID before the vote.
He recommends to mark the exit fingers with a special ink to prevent double voting.
the nationality to carry out systematic checks to see if they really are eligible to vote.
to impose the three year limit automatic postal ballot requests.
a ban on political activists to act with the postal votes in form.
Ensuring the police pilnavras sending a guard at the polling stations.
to change the law to make it easier to prosecute individuals of malicious harassment under the Human Rights Act of 1983.
ban photograph at the polling stations.
to require the use of English only at polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Strengthening training for polling staff to ensure that voters go to the ballot box, one by one.
Sir Lilan strongly criticises police Metropoles Toverhamletas that has not been charged in the case.
He said: "The court only disqualified Lufturu Rahmanu and his agent on activities related to corruption and fraud."
He more than convincing was found guilty, based on solid evidence.
He also criticises the ineffective town hall of the electorate "ķeksīšu check" at polling stations.
Sir Lilan said: "Last year the court's decision was a warning bell.
Our land is known as the legislative and law klausības homeland, but the spread of electoral fraud and the denial of a serious threat to this good reputation.
Trakā Keitas cyclist atdarinātāja and other Rio's Rio medallists piedzīvojumi
Rio 2016 Olympic Games fans enthuse about the French cyclist Paulīnu Ferrandu Prevotu, which has become an impressive Cambridge Hercogienes counterpart.
But 24 years old ritenbraucēja is not the only this month, which this summer is fighting for gold to appoint their own celebrities capacity - at least on social media.
Therefore, on the occasion of the Rio Olympic Games and all the famous faces, which are now visible on our screens, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of olimpiešiem, which is quite similar to the World Music stars.
Mednieks and wolf: US Circle shooter team member Bredijs Elisons, left, since childhood has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio
Despite the Keitas counterpart of cycling's, many people on the Internet have noticed how this lokšāvējs is similar to superzvaigznei Leonardo DiCaprio.
the US men's team member of the Circle shooter Bredijs Elisons has caused a storm on Twitter, where it was published photographs, where he is similar to the Wall Street Vilkam.
Also, the Englishman saw the storm on social media and admitted that he is salīdzinājuši with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood.
"EU, personally, I do not see a lot of similarities, with the exception of the beard," said Bredijs edition Huffington Post.
"He is a good-looking čalis, so I see this as a compliment."
One of the most popular similarities from the 2012 Olympic Games in London without a doubt will become even more popular this year, too: satriecošā similarity between the British tāllēcēju Gregu Rutherfordu and popular actors, Patriku Harisu.
Fearless vieglatlēte Aļja Mustafina, thanks to its large izteiksmīgajām eyes, has been compared with the Cuban-American singer Gloriju Estefanu.
And the move to swimming pools, South Africa's Cameron van der Burgs peldētājs is compared with that of "Radīti skatuvei" star's Morisonu for several years.
With the changes: This user has noticed that Nātans is the film "Inception" actor `sportiska versija`.
Another old comparison is between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actors Džošu Harnetu, which have similar uzacis and lips.
Russian silver medaļniecei, peldētājai Yulia Efimovai and actress Annalīnai Makkordai similarity is more than just the sun iedegusī skin. In the meantime, fans, believes that the Englishman Adrian emulating US atlētiskais Nātans Godonam Levitam.
Skarbās women: Football star (left) Houpai Solo and Tap Dexter actress Dženiferai Karpenterei (right) has a similar facial shape and eyes.
It is not the only one: This Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to learn that he agrees with others
The theory: According to this user, perhaps, there is a reason why the two seem so similar
Recently, one Twitter user showed genuine joy, that "the rest of the Internet agreeing that Houpa Solo and Jennifer Karpentera izskatoties practically identical."
the US football star and Tap Dexter actress is really very similar facial shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons refer to Keriju Velšu Dženingsu and her smile, which is identical to the actress's Lauras praktiki Linnijas smaidam. Similarly, gold medal winner vieglatlēte Gabiju Duglasa akin to Bring It On star Gabrielai Unijonai.
CBC Olympics commentator apologises for his comments, saying that the Chinese swimmer was' nobeigusies as a pig '.
Bairona McDonald's analysis of 14 years old Ai Yanhas finišu fourth in the 4x200 m free style professional women, sparked indignation storm CBC spectator.
Canadian channel CBC is forced to apologise, because one of its commentators said that 14 years old Chinese swimmer's withdrawal from the race was "with the stench of" and "nomirusi as a pig".
Byron Komentētājs Makdonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when the 4x200 m free style pick up the award at the end of the women began to outline their personal views.
Makdonalds, who was included in the CBC commentator team in order to give comments generated, was heard saying: "This small četrpadsmitgadniece from China are unable to keep up."
"Too aizrāvusies withdrew with the smells and resulted in a cessation of the pig".
Thank you very much for it.
14 years old Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhana Swim in the second stage of the time was 1: 57.79, it is a 1.61 seconds slower than who 2011 Rucka, allowing Canadians to China.
The viewer across Canada responded immediately on the Internet, as was shocked to hear the tone and language.
Emets Makfarlains: "Is your direct CBC commentator, has just said the 14-year-old swimmer from China" resulted in a cessation of the pig "????".
Idiots did not realise that they are still live.
Ai Yanha from China's 4x200m free style final of the women were described as a "small četrpadsmitgadnieci from China, that do not hold up."
The criticism against Byron Makdonaldu quickly has gathered momentum in the, as many have requested explanations.
Follow us on users could not believe, to hear Bairona McDonald neiejūtīgos comments.
Watch Paradi Twiter user wrote: "Oho, # ByronMacDonald.
You representative of the CBC and Canada and Tevis, we all izklausāmies as racists. # abominable.
Soon after Scott Russell, who at that time was led by CBC live McDonald, apologised for the comments, saying: "We apologise that comment on Swim performance was live."
It was unfortunate choice of words, and we are very sorry that it happened.
CBC apologised for more than 90 people who had responded on Twitter to the comment.
Ridley Scott McDonald colleague Russell had to apologise to his place.
Then the CBC iekopēja an apology more than 90 Twitter users who complained of McDonald's comment.
The channel quickly issued an apology and statement.
We very much regret that were made the following comments and that they went to live.
Yesterday, we reacted and atvainojāmies all live viewers and followers on social media.
For the sake of clarity, the Bairona comments were made on the peldētājas performance, not addressed to her personally.
But in any case, they were in a professional manner and unfortunate selected comments and Byron very much regrets what happened.
Thursday afternoon Makdonalds personally apologised live and tried to explain that he did not believe that his comments will be seen as a personal attack.
CBC Olimpiskos games live, he said: "the EU would like to take a moment and to apologise for the comments, which yesterday expressed after the women's free style competitions."
the EU talking about peldētājas performance, rather than on him personally.
Needless to say, that I was not intending to show disrespect and I am really very sorry that it happened.
Primark buyers shocked a woman who brazenly putting underclothing store in the middle.
Full felt uncomfortable when the woman was naked, to store in the middle of pielaikotu biksītes.
To make matters worse, his its pielaikoja in order to ascertain whether it suits her and then took off, leaving biksītes back to store shelves.
She continued to search for clothing Folkestonas Bouverie Place Trade Centre in a shop and another four pielaikoja biksītes.
Primark shop Bouverie Place shopping centre Folkestonā is a place where this woman pielaikoja underclothing and then put it back on the shelf.
At the time, the shop was also the mother of two bernu Dženija Deividsone, which says that the unknown woman after underwear pielaikošanas put on her clothes and left the store, nothing nenopērkot.
She said that people could not believe my eyes.
Stāvēdama in the middle of the store, she picked up from the shelf include, took off his legingus and trousers and on site they uzmērīja.
She diskrētāku not even try to find a place where they try, they simply pielaikoja on site.
All looked, as she took off biksītes and obviously they did not like the woman because she simply put it back on the shelf.
She uzmērīja another three biksītes, and decided that she did not like any of them and left the store.
Neizskatījās that they were concerned about, that someone is watching or to reflect on the man who buys its clothes, which his putting.
Deividsones Miss (33 years) from the Kent says: "Derdzas the idea that someone buys clothes, which are pielaikojis another man and then not izmazgātas."
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Miss Deividsones added: "The EU assume that store staff after her departure took out the clothes from store shelves - which is also acceptable."
the EU cannot imagine that could buy a new underclothing and find out that another woman they are pielaikojusi and then they are not izmazgātas.
Primark spokesman said that Primark is aware of the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The clothes have been removed from store shelves.
How to protect themselves from the firearms, using Krav Mangu
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from the Dailymail.com it could be a little bit safer.
To find out how to protect themselves from attackers near classic with a firearm, we talked with the Krav Mizraki Ron Mangas lielmeistaru from New York.
Whether you are attacking from the front or behind, in this video shows how to protect themselves and to gain the upper hand over the attacker.
Mizraki points out, if the striker being attacked from behind, then the first thing is jāapgriežas to clearly see the aggressors, and to avoid being shot trajectories.
Then the weapon must be grasped between his front arm and shoulder and then to kick an opponent's face with their free elkoni.
Then followed by a kick to the knee by cirksni and as long as the striker stands still a person deprived him of the weapon, jāiesit in the face with the weapon spalu and step aside, while continuing to draw a weapon against him.
If the striker is coming from the front, the situation is similar - to avoid being shot trajectories, must be grasped the weapon and jāizloka it so that the villain cannot fire.
At the same time, to put pressure on the weapon and take bows in the breast and, finally, to remove from his weapon and go further tēmēt to him.
It sounds like complex?
Noskaties video to see how exactly does this Mizraki.
But remember your if you aren't Krav Mangas master in the premises, then it is safer to return their money.
the family over Vandāļu Slatašas Konvolas izlikta social homes and on the street.
izlikta Vandāļu family is on the street, because the damaged social house 50 000 euros and pounds terorizējuši their neighbors.
Taņa Skeldona and her partner Sean Trebilkoks is evicted from the property Saltašā Kornvolā when they received a number of complaints.
Then, when they were forcibly evicted from the property, šokētie the housing association representatives revealed that the property is fully vandalised.
Grīdās and the holes in the walls were broken, everywhere was scattered too widely over the waste and the walls were bare with graffiti.
The family is now izlikta from the property and are more likely to live in private ownership.
Cornwall Housing keeper Donna Makevoja says that there is a concern that the housing will not be possible to restore.
She said that the people who lived here, have been extremely difficult and his belief that people cannot live.
In this case, look at a number of factors, in the future, this property Kornvolā will not have a good reputation.
This family is very famous and their name is famous.
St has had three sons, who owned and lived House police say that their terror included violence, ārdīšanos on the street with baseball bats, the local population of intimidation, drug use, drug sales and strong bļaustīšanos and lamāšanos.
47 years old Skeldonei in whose name has been the property in June sentenced on anti-social behaviour.
A number of homes izdemolētās rooms have been found izbārstīti waste.
Mājā, where in the past could be marketed drugs, is also torn up several floors clothing.
Neighbours say they regularly kāvušies on the street and are constantly being called the police.
Cornwall Housing Service them forcibly evicted from the property, where they were given to 11 weeks to from house izvāktos on a voluntary basis.
Izmisušie neighbours were very happy about this eviction, because their lives had been absolute hell.
One said: "They was unconcerned by other people."
We used to live with them for 20 years, it has always been crazy.
It is unbelievable how often here have seen the police.
This morning, we could not have a siesta.
We woke up to it, because there was so quiet - we are not accustomed to it!
Now, when they finally away, there will be wonderful.
Adams, who is Fitzpatriks Kornvalas Housing district security chief, said that the family not to cooperate with local security authorities.
The family has lived here for 20 years and here on a regular basis is called the police.
Home aizaugušajā were found in the garden of a variety of old and unfit objects.
He also said: "it is very unfortunate that tenants has taken no responsibility for their behaviour. Her and her family's eviction from the house was the last operation, which considered the Cornwall Housing Service."
This was a very difficult case, because their behaviour was extreme and neighbours had been a very hard look on their behaviour.
appreciate the work of the EU, which invested in this case my whole team, Devon and Cornwall police and komūnas members who were brave and cooperated with us by providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will make it easier for neighbouring lives and will show that the antisocial behaviour will not be tolerēta.
Mr. Fitzpatriks said that all three sons here had lived in different periods of time, but now everyone is about 20 years old.
Netīrs mattress, which remained on the floor in one of the rooms after the eviction.
Agency staff will now be jāsatīra waste kaudze, which left around the house.
in 2014, the police searched the house and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, weights, accessories and 1 700 pounds in cash.
Skeldone only guilty of class B drugs with intent to distribute them in storage.
She insisted that the money was intended for monument of her son Lee Šeldonam figure, who died in 2013.
After their eviction became known, that at the moment they are rented a private property Plimutā.
The number of homes in the walls were sazīmēti graffiti.
Police said that they will continue to work on bad tenants who violate their tenancy agreements, the eviction.
Devon and Cornwall Police spokeswoman Andžela Crowe says that this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants, who continue to violate the rules.
Similarly, she said: "This is a warning to those who think they can behave as they want and then there will be no consequences."
Krimināla and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerēta Kronvolas Devon and the police, who will continue to work with our partners to protect local komūnas.
Willingness to spend can give a boost to the economy.
The company Akropolis LT, which manages the Akropolis trade and entertainment centres in Vilnius, Klaipeda and Šauļos, will be combined with the Akropolis Group business groups, using all of the hitherto existing commitments to Akropolis LT partners and employees.
Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group merger is expected to take until 1 October this year.
We are entering a new phase of development, which will implement large-scale projects, so we are trying to simplify the company's structure - it will allow the Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group as part of the team of professionals to create more efficient.
At the moment we are taking the biggest Akropolis development projects within the framework of the decade - multifunkcionālā Trade Centre in Riga and multifunkcionāla Acrópolis construction site development in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant territory.
"The new company structure will allow more efficient use of Akropolis LT team experience and competence, successfully developing projects and operational by adopting the necessary decisions," acknowledges the Sun (Zabuļonīte Saulė Zabulionytė), Akropolis Group board member.
The shopping mall will have a group of companies, which is managed by the real estate development, shopping centers and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Noslēgušies several furniture manufacturing company SIA Rauko consequent purchases, according to a statement posted on the Procurement Monitoring Bureau's website.
The company of 89.5 thousands of euros would buy plaques zāģēšanas equipment.
It would deliver the company Lintera RIGA.
The 33 thousands of euros in company buy formātripzāģi, which supply the UAB Infleks.
The company buy Rauko to frēzmašīnu sagāžamu vārpstu.
It on 15.6 thousands of euros would deliver UAB Infleks.
Meanwhile, 32.6 thousands of euros to the cost of hot hydraulic press, which supply the company Lintera RIGA.
The deployment is being implemented with the Rural Support Service co-financing.
Rauko is established in 2007.
The company is commercialised to more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
the Cannes mayor banned burkini peldkostīmus beaches.
French Southern kūrortpilsētas the Cannes mayor has banned the wearing of this city beaches burkini peldkostīmus, which almost completely cover up the female body and very reminiscent of hidrotērpu, local officials said on Thursday.
Cannes mayor David Linārs has signed the order that "access to beaches and for bathing is prohibited for everyone who is not peldtērpa that respects good customs and secularism" as the basic principles of the French Republic.
"Pludmales dress, which ostentatiously showing religious affiliation, at a time when France and places of worship are the target of a terrorist attack, could lead to public order disturbances (drūzmēšanās, the risk of collision, etc.), which is necessary to prevent the", according to the order.
"We are not talking about caused a ban on religious symbols on the beach, but the ārišķīgu clothing associated with the confidence of the terrorist movements that are waging a war with us," said the head of the municipal utilities Thierry Miguls.
He added that the burkini peldkostīmi Cannes beaches have not been seen since 28.jūlija when the centre right party "The Republicans also" Comrade Linārs signed the order and it came into force.
This week akvaparks Marseille city cancelled a planned private measure of Muslim women who would be ģērbušās burkini peldkostīmos because such measures expressed outrage on both the right and the left from the politicians.
France has banned the wearing of the veil aizsedzošas Muslim women in headscarves, but is not banned religious symbols or an appropriate clothing.
14 July in Nice Cannes tuvajā An bombing attack, which took on the responsibility of the Islamic State group, killed 85 people.
26 July, the two assailants, who was sworn in to IS, brutally murdered French priest of the church in the north west.
"Jysk turnover last year by 5%
Household goods retailer "company Jysk Linnen ’ n Furniture" ("Jysk") turnover last year by 5%, reaching 23,66 million euros, according to Firmas.lv business database.
The company's turnover in 2014 was 22,57 million euros.
There was also an increase in the company's profits - from 781 235 in 2014, to EUR 785 896 last year.
The report says that last year the company rekonstruēja Slokas Street in Riga, the existing stores and closed the store in Riga Kurzeme prospectus.
Also this year, as in other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase in turnover and profits.
Meanwhile, last year's profits advised to leave the spirit.
"Jysk" is an international network of stores offering goods house planning.
Sia "Jysk Linnen 'n' founded 2001.gadā. Furniture
The company's share capital is 3 500 EUR 264.
"The company is owned by Iceland registered company Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC."
Līdakas kotletes by simple - samaltas with baltmaizi.
Eat immediately after cepšanas, then they will be visgardākās.
The Window loins and together baltmaizi samaļ gaļasmašīnā.
Masai is added to milk, salt, pepper and once again properly samaļ or mix.
Then kotlešu mass will be held in butter, at room temperature, carefully samīca and of medium-sized kotletes.
after Kotletes apviļā rīvmaizē.
Pannā Bring oil.
Kotletes makes pannā and cep 10-15 minutes before eating, until it from both sides are zeltaini brown.
Pasniedz while still warm aplejot with izkausētu or a butter sauce.
Lucavsalā begun festival "Kubāna".
Thursday, 11 August evening Lucavsalā was given the starts one of the last of this summer's festivals - there until Sunday night will take place "Kubāna".
The first night sanākušos lutināja such groups as "Enter Shikari" from Britain, which had been expected last year, but from the programme being noticed disappeared, "" American panki NOFX, DJ from Maxim Group "The Prodigy" and others.
In the coming days, the festival programme is noteworthy names - "Guano Apes" and "Garbage" icons "Ramones" pankroka bundzinieks Markijs Ramón with "Marky Ramone's Blitzkrieg", "Brutto & Lyapis" with the Belarusian pankroka leader Sergey Mihaloku at the forefront of popular gruzīņu actor and singer Vahtangs Kikabidze, Ukrainians "Vopli Vidoplyasova" and a series of other measure, but the full programme can be found here.
This is the second year of the festival Kubana "takes place in Latvia.
Last year it suffered a financial setback and huge losses, but it did not prevent the organisers of a renewed attempt - they name added garumzīmi, the programme was also a Latvian groups on Friday evening (19: 15 on the scene will go up, "All Day Long") and announced that has now become "closer to the festival and won local colour alongside the Riga symbols such as its panorāmai and the cats'.
Will these efforts will pay off, still too early to judge, because the festival only ieskrējies but, as the first evening observed "Delfi Izklaide", at least for the time being, huge crowds to entice people have failed and the number of visitors was similar to last year.
British treka cycling team twice as good of an Olympic record and wins.
The British team on Thursday treka twice eclipse the Olympic record and won the race sprinta men.
The first Olympic record for the British eclipse qualification, but the race in the first round of the eclipse jaunzēlandieši.
Sprinta met in the final of the British team with New Zealand, and the British were jaunzēlandiešiem Olympic record holder for the title, leaving them with silver medals.
The British team won the marks the results jaunzēlandiešus 42,440 seconds ahead of 0,102 seconds.
The battle for the bronze in the French team victory over Australia.
It should be noted that the record was corrected and women catching-up the journey of the qualification - the British team to eclipse the world record, which is now 4: 13.260.
The president, who remained in the shadows: Gustavam Zemgalam - 145.
On Friday, 12 August, marks the 145 years since the second born in Latvia, the president of the country Gustaf Zemgals.
Zemgals was proclaimed by the Latvian state, but gratuitous has remained broadly described the first Latvian president John Čakstes and the pre-war period in the last presidential Charlemagne Ulmaņa in the shadows.
No one else from our statesmen who are not as a champion of democracy and the rule of law as Zemgals, ten years ago issued Gustavam Zemgalam Arnoldas Auziņš writes in the book.
"In a conversation with the portal Delfi" Auziņš stresses that Zemgals is one of the few senior posts the politicians who had a sense of humour.
The other such stīvi, always very correct.
He mācēja so far, nowadays, it could be similar to what is Raimonds Vejonis.
"He was the one that is close to the people," says Auziņš.
Modern politicians know bad history, they referred to the Charles Ulmani as a good leader, but rarely who knows how negants he had.
The government's sessions, the only person to which he had been kliedzis, Gen. Balodis.
Even if he is nice and smaidīgs in photos, after natural he was hysterical.
"Zemgals with his sense of humour and democracy have exactly the opposite impression," says Auziņš.
University of Latvia, Professor of History and Philosophy Faculty Aivars that an interview with "Delfi" agrees with the assessment of Auziņa Zemgalu as a peaceful and weighed valstsvīru.
He also notes that the Zemgals originated with respect for minorities, regularly called on the Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"At the time, it was not normal behaviour, after Zemgala Albert Kviesis took over the Presidency this tradition," says historian.
He was a quiet, measured man, whose long had persuaded to become president.
He himself after it netiecās, simply nealka's.
He also quite critically praised himself, because he did not know what the French language, but felt that the president will certainly be able.
"During the French version of the foundations of both learned a", explains that.
Zemgals neļāvās again be pierunāts to stand as a candidate, he did not like the top posts at all.
For all practical purposes, he is very much a respected figure in the history of Latvia, before being dragged into the presidential palace was serious office - he was in great demand for a notary.
It Zemgals was led by the famous Zemgala Treasury Suvorova Street 3, where regionSomalia krājamatnieku and krājaizdevēju Association, it practically government negotiations led to the Latvian state.
He always had progressively inclined.
It was not a big fan of Ulmaņa publicly, but he also did not object.
"In private conversations and, at times, has said that really Ulmaņa activity, notes that" no sympathy for him.
Nodzīvoja a peaceful life, in the absence of any suspicion of irregularities or corruption.
As Zemgalu remembers nowadays?
It is a pity, but much of what he has been associated only with a street in Riga.
He was an absolute democrat, views was the centre.
"She did not happen any time of great turmoil, namely, he might be able to be associated with such a really stable Presidency," encapsulates that.
Gustav Zemgala during the presidency of 1927. year until the year 1930, took place in Latvia's state visit to Latvia in Sweden, which at the time meant it indirectly full recognition and inclusion in neighbouring northern European democratic nations.
28 May 1929 Zemgals came to visit to the country in Stockholm.
the Swedish King Gustav V replies visit to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The second occurred in Latvia, the president of the country was born in 1939, but Bobby went in January.
Simply ways as a child to help cope with anger seizure.
I often have to grapple with the fact that the child's anger, fury of parents is considered something wrong and abnormal.
When the child openly show their anger - we do not know how to react, "" Econet psiholoģe Jekaterina Kesa.
Urges Speciāliste a small negotiating on these so natural and human feelings - anger and rage, which periodically going through each.
Aggression - it already has a physical activity, which addressed to other people, and it usually appears when feel angry.
When we, as adults, we are angry, upset - usually know what is happening to us and how to deal with it.
We their anger and niknumus we can express ourselves:, to suppress, hide, to keep ourselves, to tell you what my friends or other relatives, we can anger spārdīt sofa uzsmēķēt a cigarette (this is not the best way to address anger!), enter a shower, shoot at goal because they think the kulaku across the table and do other things, which are usually do.
We nevēršam its aggression against the other, because we know the various other ways to deal with these emotions.
Children, when they are hit by anger, they do not understand what happens to them, as they call it, and how to live with them.
They can say: "Go away!", "You're a fool," The bad mother "," Neieredzu you "," I love you "nedraudzēšos - and very rarely, which is able to say: 'the EU to you my anger."
Children living in a literal sense, they are perfectly located right here, at this point in time, they are spontaneous and genuine their passion, and often also are located in different emotions in captivity.
it is very important that the parents of the child not to show feelings of anger, including nekauninātu and nerātos on it, but on the contrary - to help the child.
Will relations need pauzīti?
A working day, where everything is not exactly happened as you would like, or simply a bad mood - there are so many reasons why would be the time of day or even longer "atslēgties" from all over the world.
Is it possible for a moment iepauzēt also relations and a little bit of a sigh of relief?
Or, however, it shows that each of the partners in its own way to go?
In their views are divided gentlemen at different ages.
Janis (23) is a short and succinct: "In my view the relationship, if necessary, then you've pauzīte together with the right people."
In the meantime, Eduards (30) has revealed the scheme which, perhaps, someone can help.
If jūti that partner is starting to make you fall takes its toll on the nerves of every minor detail, then certainly - it is the right moment, when should look at other hunting fields, in order to understand whether you she is missing, or particular about their thinking or even generally don't want to see him anymore.
So the answer is yes, the withholding of pauzītes can help save time and understand how important you are the second pusīte.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
In my opinion, the relationship is to keep a pauzīte from each other on a daily basis, because if pavadi time with people 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then the controversy is inevitable.
They are caused by the fact that the pamani every detail, what the other is doing, and it is starting to fall takes its toll on the nerves.
People are beginning to tire of each other, particularly if there is no longer even on what to talk, only about what you're doing in the day.
My own experience leads to think so, so also have not passed the relationship for more than a few months ago.
If you think about it, even for a moment that elsewhere or the other is better - then why this woman, with whom you're together, deserves the, who can think about the fact that there is not enough and well behind the mountains are havens of the countryside?
thinking alone is already a small betrayal.
If not, then it is not.
"I have, therefore a little condemn those who are not." says Edmund (46).
Bulans (33) is almost completely the opposite view.
It seems to me that all need a moment some highlights so far.
Can't you every moment, all the time, from morning to night to look each other in the eye and rejoice in the creation of enduring love.
Attopies!
there are so many things - friends, work, at the time of the shooting.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, a friend or a wife, however, if both are able to keep their līdzsvariņu between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the grave.
It and only it.
Martins (27) say it: "It is hard to say - or not, may or may not take to pause, but one thing is clear - they ierosinātājam something relations until the end is not, something is missing."
If this sounds, then have to face the fact that in the near future there will be a change - for the better or worse, it depends on the same.
"I think as long as there are new and crazy, meanwhile pauzīti need - despite all the time, but when everything remains seriously and relationship to enter a new phase, then the rest is out of the question.
You choose to spend their whole lives together!
"If now can't stand each other's company and from time to time, need some breathing space, then that will be when you will be pensioners, who said the cat garāmejošie ņaud or arguing that day zoo better jāravē," said Kristaps (19).
All Mr names have been changed.
With its sajūsmīgo and sajūsminošo personality Rozentāls first am latvju people of interest to the tēlojošām mākslām.
"In this sense, he was a popular latvju first love, which as such an unforgettable", it will remain forever on the Latvian painting vecmeistaru Jani Rozentālu once wrote Roman Suta.
In 2016, a year, revealing vecmeistara extensive retrospective exhibition restaurētajā Latvian National Arts Museum in the main building, it is clear - Rozentāls is Latvian art of first love.
The exhibition was opened on 12 August, but already from 13 August it is open to visitors and will be seen until 30 October.
the Latvian National Museum with a broad retrospekciju jaunatvērtajā Grand exhibition hall celebrates gleznotāju Jani Rozentālu (1866-1916), which one hundred and 50th birthday at international level is included in the UNESCO holiday calendar.
Retrospective exhibition, which should be addressed more than 150 works, is one of the Jaņa Rozentāla anniversary of programmes central events.
Artistic work selection largely built from the Latvian National Arts Museum of stock, which represents the creative activities convincingly klasiķa the main stages and genres, stilistisko turnover and a variety of techniques.
In addition to the use of eksponāti Akseli Gallena-Kallelas Museum is a museum, and the music of Liepaja Tukuma Museum, Museum and a number of private collections in Latvia and Finland.
At the turn of the atmosphere of frees the presence of mobile photo exhibition The app reveals the individual works of art sasauces with photographs by the artist innovation needs made himself with his fotokameru.
Meanwhile, the Finnish-Latvian Friendship Society "Rozentāls-seura", named after the Latvian klasiķa on behalf of the Latvian National Arts Museum, at the same time, offers little information travelling exhibition "The stooped in Finland, with the heart" of the first stops in Latvia.
A similar exposure with the content of the English, Finnish and Swedish languages in the autumn will be open to "Virka" gallery in Helsinki.
's Leblanks looks forward to the return of the show "TopGear."
Television broadcasting "TopGear" ("The gas on the floor!") driver's Leblanks said that looks forward to the return of the car of the show's second season, but admitted that they do not know what the future ahead of him.
So far, nothing officially not.
"If it is, then it will be announced at the BBC" in an interview with TV critics found Leblanks.
Doubts about the floor "Gas!" came to fruition in July, when Leblanka pārinieks Chris Evans announced that from the broadcast to go.
After the departure of the Evans admitted that Leblanks and "Gas on the floor!" "as is created for each other."
Tap Evans, the former "Friends" ("Friends") star describes as "a genuine and good man", thereby dispelling the rumours that the two friendship during the film pajukusi.
When Leblankm asked which he would most like the show, he replied that travel to other countries, such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
Telekanāls BBC says that the new season of the show 24 are not currently planning to replace Evansu.
Kalviņš: Meldoniju already this year could be removed from the athletes banned substances list.
It is expected that the drug manufactured in Latvia Mildronāts the meldoniju already this year could be excluded from the athletes banned substances list on Friday morning, LNT 900 seconds but said the Sum of organic synthesis, Director of the Institute for an academic Ivars Kalviņš.
He told us that in September will travel to Canada, to discuss the issue with meldonija the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) representatives.
Zinātnieks expressed the hope that Mildronātu from a "black list" will be released as early as this year.
make after the collision of two cyclists were taken to hospital.
43, the Swiss Street, saskrējušies two cyclists, with various injuries, according to state police.
DEVELOPING; Four people killed in 1987 and 1990, born in men, both of which were taken to a medical centre.
The Koknesē fall victim velosipēdists.
In 1989 was born in 1905 vīriets killed Street, and transferred to the medical care.
The Piedruja county, Naudītes pagastā, born in 1989 motociklists tried to avoid the dog, which izskrējis on the road, and apgāzies.
He, too, in the hospital.
Last day in Latvia registered 71 road traffic accidents, which suffered 16 people.
In some Member States, see and will become cooler.
Also on Friday, in some places in Latvia is expected to be temporary, and rain will become more of a degree cooler, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
The points of possible thunderstorms with ducināšana.
According to the forecasts of rain is expected in the north and the predominantly in Kurzeme Vidzeme.
The maximum temperatures will be + 16, + 19 degrees centigrade.
Riga day pass without rainfall and dominated by the sun shining.
However, the air will be warmer than the + 18 degrees.
US business models aizkulises his interpretation of the acquired the perverse izsmalcinātas fotosesijas glanci neciešamību and horror films.
In essence - a very provocative, to izsmalcinātības and hackneyed vulgaritātes balansējošs where hard work, saying the dividing lines between the European art house films and Hollywood žanriskā product areas.
The film with Vigo Mortensenu the protagonists of the highlights the issue, or parents conceptually chosen life models (greening, veģetārisms, alternatīvisms and disconnect from patēriņsabiedrības glupuma and values) bring blessing or destruktīvismu their children.
The children's father after the death of the wife of an idealist confronting with questions about the accuracy of the choices and actual values.
Aizkustinoša, dzīvesgudra the film, the author of this year's Ross won the Cannes Festival Award for Best...
Of course, sharks do nothing as attacking daiļām girls - Žokļos it was a swimmer, in this case - brave sērfotāja, which presents a Bleika Laivlija.
The work resulted from her thorough heroism.
The survival solonumuru can compare with James Franco aktiermeistarības demonstration in the film 127 hours and legendary Reinoldsa game film Aprakts alive.
Perhaps the fault is also the Mila Kunisa, whose transformation from paraugmāmiņas on creative uzdzīvotāju and almost ģimenisko value piesmējēju only seems to quite desperate Hollywood screenwriters fantasy created.
the Islamic State in Syria sagūstījusi 2000 civilian population.
The terrorist group Islamic State fighters fleeing Manbij, Syria's Aleppo province, taken hostage around 2,000 civilian population, which are used as human shields, said on Friday the US-backed Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers.
"We nešāvām to them because they are fleeing to Džerābulusu, picked up with them," said the Kurdish civilians in Manbij Military Council spokesman.
After two months of fighting in the Kurdish-led the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which is the United States supports Kurdish-Arab alliance in northern Syria, said Friday that the Menbiža is released from the jihadists.
the Islamic State Menbižu in 2014.
SDF already last week drove out most of the Islamic State militants out of Manbij, but part of noturējās and showed fierce resistance.
However, on Friday they fled the city itself, the abduction of the prisoners.
Islāmisti go to Džerābulusu, on the border with Turkey.
The allies to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (AFP) reported that IS kidnapped around 2000 people.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that Islamists hijacked the city's cars forced people sakāpt in them, and then aizveduši to Džerābulusu.
Islamic State militants in the past have carried out mass kidnappings.
In January, the Islamists, iekarojot areas of Deir al-Zour province in the east of Syria, kidnapped more than 400 civilians, including women and children.
Later, Islamists around 270 of the prisoners were released.
How much of the Islamic State fighters fled from Manbij, is not known.
The Kurdish Manbij Military Council spokesman, reported that the SDF managed to save 2,500 people by Islamists Menbižā hostage.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights aggregate information indicates that the battle for Menbižu have killed at least 437 civilians, including 14 children.
There was a 299 SDF fighters and 1019 jihadists.
Kolegova refuse from standing as a candidate for the post of the Revenue Service's.
the State Environmental Service head Inga Kolegova decided to withdraw his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (SRS) Director-General, the Finance Ministry informed LETA.
Kolegova points out that her nominations for consultation has stoked controversy in the ruling coalition between the parties.
It seems that the discussion the real causes are connected with the politicians, all the invisible visible, but more often the interests and have nothing to do with my professional capacity assessment.
"For me this is not acceptable," says has now been Revenue Service head Democratic.
In the case of her candidacy is approved, the government said that it would not be a strong vote and that would not fully to work and to implement the necessary changes at the Revenue Service, feeling all government support.
Without it, full work would not be possible, concludes Kolegova.
"Many times I have publicly stressed that do not want to be politically independent, but at the moment all my standing in the process is overly politicised," said the official.
"Thank you for giving me the confidence and support, it is an experience that welcome as a benefit," the application shall Reizniece-Ozola writes Kolegova.
unity on Wednesday said that during a meeting with Kolegova showed "significant discrepancies" between the candidates for explanations and public records available information on the company's dividend Pallogs costs, because the publicly available Pallogs decisions does not split the profits of the participants in the meeting.
Currently, the Revenue Service driving duties, Deputy Director General Dace Peleka.
Livani police involved in two small children without supervision would leave the rescue, inform the police of Latgale region administration.
News of without supervision atstātiem wheeled stretcher with infants received on Friday around plkst.7.
They were Livani at the former store buildings.
The two small girls immediately transferred to the hands of medical assistance.
It was left to the pushchairs also somiņa with documents and mobile phones.
Moreover half hour came from the parents of children possible location and went there.
Go to women civilvīra at home, police found out that the woman asleep, because there is a strong alcohol.
After the initial information the evening She was born a woman ciemojusies a friend, where drinking alcohol.
As we walk home after joint pasēdēšanas, a woman as yet unexplained circumstances, decided to leave the children at the store.
The regionIrancountry bāriņtiesu immediately informed the police, who also will decide on the fate of the children in the future.
Riga brīvosta implemented all the recommendations of the Audit Office of the Russian island project.
the Freeport of Riga Authority has introduced all from a total of five control (the National Audit Office) recommendations for a project on the development of the infrastructure of the Russian island of port activity from the city centre to the transfer of the implementation of the portal Diena.lv was informed by the company.
The project of the planned near the Freeport of Riga's board.
The recommendations to be implemented in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Office review, preparing for the introduction of the necessary documentation, Riga Brīvostas administration is guided well after the international auditor Deloitte the Freeport of Riga in the administration's legal and operational audit findings and recommendations of the project management to improve in the next stage of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations today is also sent to the Audit Office.
Despite the fact that the Freeport of Riga administration does not agree with the Audit Office to give his opinion on the Russian island of draft implementing efficiency, we very responsibly treat the implementation of the project and donors - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that all of the planned construction of the project is completed within the set time limits and planned.
"In order to demonstrate to all those involved in the implementation of the project, including the EC, the Audit Office and also stividoriem that Freeport's main objective is to make a success of the project, we are fully implemented all the recommendations of the Audit Office for project management and supervisory issues", the head of the Russian island of Sanita Kaire.
The project's goal for the control and monitoring of the existing long-term action plan was supplemented with key stakeholders of the planned activities and the necessary decision deadlines, meetings and regular reporting definitions and their deadlines, the planned construction process monitoring instruments, as well as the major crossing definitions.
The approved plan of action in order to achieve the objective of the project until 31 December 2018, according to the Audit Office recommendations, coupled with the performance monitoring activities, thus enhancing the other parties involved in the implementation of the project activities for the control of the Freeport of Riga.
The project management and the potential for the development of a new is designed to reduce the risk of the project management plan, defining the scope of the project management and indicating the documents drawn up by providing the control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
The project is designed to increase the capacity of the project management struktūrshēma which reflects the planned project management team structure, staff qualifications and functions.
In order to improve the Freeport of Riga communications with the parties responsible for the project, a project stakeholder communications plan, which, in addition to the draft action plan laid down by the parties, defines a successful completion of the project stakeholders, the exchange of information between the principles, types and frequency.
Meanwhile, in order to improve the financial control of the use of funds in the future will be in the service of the conclusion of the contract or the start of the procurement, and the rule of law.
The project of the Russian island is disposing of world standard port infrastructure - four new deepwater pier, rail pipelines, as well as civil engineering communication.
co-financed by the Cohesion Fund of the works have been completed and put into service already last year, making it the funding for the savings of 10.6 million euros.
The Slovakia due to increased security at airports.
After receipt of non-specific threat in Slovakia on Friday in a number of increased security measures at airports, announced by the Interior Ministry.
"In light of the threat, we have stepped up security measures in international airports in Bratislava, Popradā and Košice," news agency AFP said Friday the Slovak Interior Ministry spokesman.
"National Security and Analysis Centre is currently analysing the information that we have received," he said.
But he will be held in the Slovak capital of the informal European Union (EU) summit, which will be attended by all 27 member states, with the exception of Britain.
The meeting will be discussed at the consequences of Britain's Brexit referendum and discussion on the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia and January is the EU presidency.
German researchers discussing "the fall of the Berlin Wall" of the number of victims.
According to a new study, the number of fatalities at the former Communist yoke of the former East German border could be much higher than previously estimated, but doubts about the true number of victims still have not been addressed.
According to data released on Wednesday by the public of the Berlin Wall Museum Checkpoint Charlie, during the period from 1945 until 1989.gadam along the border with western allies zones and the subsequent West Germany communist authorities noslepkavojušas 1841 people who tried to escape from their controlled territory.
The with border deaths is being studied for years and every time adjusting the number of victims.
This year, the list added 11 more deaths, including among the victims, including a six year old boy who drowned in the family trying to get garnered through the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among new victims of the Berlin Wall is also the Soviet army dezertieri.
"The extent of the damage caused by the evil twin of communism and socialism, has not yet been fully documented", "says museum director Alexander Hildebrante.
"Our task is to ensure that the graves of those who died while trying to escape from the communist country to be controlled, and I lost," says Hildebrantes said in a statement.
But other researchers of the new figures have already questioned.
"The figure of 1841 is unconvincing," in an interview with the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung argues the Berlin Free University of East German history expert Johens Štāts.
He, along with other Berlin Free University researchers are currently reviewing possible suspicious deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to approve only 260 cases.
Previously, researchers estimated that only at the fall of the Berlin Wall the Communists noslepkavojuši 138 people.
Given the number of people who have died trying to escape through the Baltic Sea or get in the West through the territory of neighbouring countries, after Štāta view, the number of victims could reach around 1,000.
However, it is still significantly less than in 1841.
One of the reasons for the differences between the number of victims could be different methodologies.
Checkpoint Charlie museum lists all of the East German border guards suicide cases, regardless of whether they were directly related to their staff.
The list also deaths, which are not related to direct violence.
"If seniors aged 70 to 80 years after saraušanās with border controls died from heart attacks," it must be the "murderous borders" consequences, believes Hildebrante.
But Štāts is convinced that draw the distinction between the elderly people who may have died as a result of their treatment we faced, and those whose death sparked a hot time waiting for a bus at the border.
Irrespective of the inventory is not easy, because the communist East German authorities did not accumulate the following statistics, and researchers jāizvētī documents in the archives, notes izkaisītos Štāts.
However, the group recently Štāta uzgājusi new documents, and therefore in the near future, it could come up with an estimate of the number of new victims.
Pone LPF president traveled to Rio with the same coach accreditation; it is a surprise.
In recent days, the sad recognition, the Latvian Peldēšanas Federation's president Kaspars Pone Rio Olympics arrived with coach accreditation, however, the same feel surprised.
Wednesday was marked by widespread publicity after the Olympic peldētājas Aļonas Ribakovas coach Germana Jakubovska rhetoric, who revealed that at the last minute decided to go to Rio de Janeiro Pone, as long as the two sides remain at home.
Initially, the driver on the list was approved Peldētāji Newcomer Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins, coach Jakubovskis and Dave Collins, as well as the president of the Federation of Pone.
Latvian federation Peldēšanas Olympic Games went on five players, and even before the departure Aldons Vrubļevskis claimed that the Germans will be and he sought tickets.
"However, the seemingly objective reasons, he did not," said Pone, expressing the view that it did not affect the outcome Ribakovas.
At the request of the Federation of Uvja coach took her to help.
Pone LOK, who is himself a member of the executive committee, slammed LOK activities, laying the blame on an Olympic sport pārraugošo organisations.
I think it's unethical LOK's executive committee to approve five persons and some of them neaizvest.
"I don't know why exactly Peldēšanas federation was not enough room," Pone said that society is not appreciated the Federation and the President of the work, recalling that the federation presidents do not receive a salary.
Pone also criticised the same Jakubovski, expressing that, prior to the London Olympic Games, when Ribakova was not granted between members of the complaint, he turned to the International Water sports federation (FINA) and called for Latvia not to send any of the athletes.
Pone and could not tell us why he is the Olympic Games is the head coach of the accreditation, which will most likely was jāpienākas Jakubovskim.
"I was announced as the president of the Federation (" team leader "), but for some reason I received accreditation coach and now nowhere netieku inside."
The situation changed every day, changed the number of available accreditation.
Until the last moment think that the Germans will be, because I had no other information.
The attorney's information, a couple of days before starting Ribakovas she had a conversation with an eye for an eye and Poni after the swimmer was in tears in the eyes of the same LPF, however, the president said that it had been a normal conversation with the desire to turn the athletes before launch.
Pone recalled that LPF overseen five kinds of sport, which is in the Olympic programme, and four of them are training children also in Latvia.
Federation president said that Latvia is also very important drowning issues and also on programmes such as he spoke, while in Rio de Janeiro for nearly two weeks.
He praised the work of the Federation and said that the 2018 World Cup could take place in Latvia in stage.
Being in Rio de Janeiro is not my leave here, taking their time and try to do the programme.
Daugavā ielaidīs 600 000 salmon juveniles.
AS Latvenergo fish resources during the reconstruction programme this week Daugavā to Mangaļsalas in juvenile salmon and taimiņu into, and this year is expected to allow more than 600 000 salmon juveniles and one-year taimiņu produced Scientific Institute Bior Tomes and Doles in nurseries.
Latvenergo told LETA that the fish will continue well into the next few months - every year the Daugava river basin in water as a whole are barred from 6 300 000 different species of juvenile fish and larval.
In the spring and early summer will be omitted pike and nēģu larvae, June - sīgas - vienvasaras salmon, July, August and September - zandarti and vimbas.
Latvenergo production director Maris Kuņickis said that concern for the environment is one of the cornerstones of Latvenergo group of sustainable development.
"Fish Resources Protection and propagating events that any action is focused on environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with scientific institutes Bior, through both juvenile fish izaudzēšanu and admission into the Daugava river basin, both through other activities," said Kuņickis.
This year, the Daugava river estuary will be barred from more than 600 000 salmon and one-year taimiņu juveniles.
For the second year young fish before the release is being marked by cutting taukspuru.
Today atvestajā cargo is 25 000 salmon juveniles with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Every year, scientifically based in species composition and numerical scale Daugavā and its basin in water in juvenile fish and larval admission.
reproduction of fish resources Daugavā and its basin water in accordance with the laws take Bior, on the basis of Latvenergo economic activity as a result of the loss of fish resources, expertise and providing a judgement on what compensation measures must be taken to ensure that the diversity of fish resources.
Meanwhile, the State Environmental Service, on the basis of this assessment, the decision on the amount and type of compensation.
Latvenergo annual compensation in the amount of fish resources reconstruction programme is 1 035 000 euros.
in the spring of 2016 Latvenergo in cooperation with public associations "We fish 'fifth year the deployment of 400 artificial fish spawning nest Daugavā to Kaibalas and Ikšķiles.
Cooperation with public associations, promoting natural spawning fish Latvenergo, is in addition to support the initiative of fish resources recovery programme.
artificial spawning nest placement which is an important measure, which contributes to the protection and reproduction of fish resources Daugavā.
Odyssey Sansusī concert hall "is a rural backyard, forest, cirsma.
Guli as a tent, eat in a restaurant, walking and investigate kedās klausies kamermūziku, who can enjoy the peace and quiet of nature - such a combination offers an alternative kamermūzikas Festival Sansusī, which is already the third summer calls for Aknīstes areas.
, the festival will take place - no longer Susējas A non-existent village - the former pagastmājas courtyard, next to the mežiņos and cirsmās.
three days - from 12 to 14 August - for five skatuvēm can be combined with natural and academic music sophisticated enjoyment.
Here is faced with music theatre and circus laikmetīgais, performances and installations.
academic opera and music, in particular its newer forms, find new listeners in a free and open environment without koncertzāļu rigidity.
the distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but to face smaidam and ease up only a couple of minutes.
"Please not to look for the programme, because we have deliberately chosen not to publish it in advance, so that people nebrauktu on one specific measures or artists, because the real Sansusī taste can catch only to spend it all three days', calls for the festival of the originator and the boss, Armands operbaritons Bon.
The gates veram on Friday at 5 p.m., and the first concert is at 19.00.
Of course, on the ground will be programmiņas with all the information.
Those who choose one day, we suggest that Saturday, because it is vispiesātinātākā - from 9 a.m. in the morning until the next rītausmai.
"the artists' names are available on the website www.sansusi.lv ', says Armands Bon.
Krāšņajā artists buķetē is, for example, the session Eva Bindere, čelliste Kristine Blaumane, Inga operzvaigzne While, klarnetists Guntis Kuzma, Janis trompetists Porietis, pianist Reinis Zariņš, kvarteti and Quadra RIX and even Estonian air akrobāte Grete Gross, who, together with the Latvian musicians, and Eric Kiršfeldu Mārtiņu Zilbertu aktrisi Strazdu laikmetīgā Anci created a circus spectacle Confines of the artist's internal struggle.
By specially chosen are also jaundarbi.
Izrādē children "Kukainis" by F. by Kafka: it is a fictional story motives Pārvērtības komponējuši Oļesja Kozlovska and Jēkabs Nīmanis, Armandu Siliņu, musicians and actors will attend entomologs (insect researcher) Uģis Piterāns.
Oskars Herliņš wrote the first Stīgu Quartet, while Anna Ķirse - Wood opera, performanci which the protagonists, Andris Kalnozola režijā Neiburgas videoprojekcijām with Catherine and Andris Eglīša Best trees will be three nelielajos puduros three hectares of vast kailcirtē.
Dziedot Laimas Lediņas Dināras Rudānes Zigmāra Graša, and voices, they will go to the Romantic relationships, just as the Enlightenment Swedish natural scientist study wedding ceremony Linneja Wood (1729).
the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games today launches one of the biggest Latvian delegation expectations septiņcīņas bit Laura Ikauniece-Admidiņa.
Ikauniece-Admidiņa plkst.15.35 GMT will launch a 100 metres race barjerskrējienā but plkst.16.50 ahead of the race in high jump.
Meanwhile, already during the night to Saturday plkst.2.35 will start bullets grūšana while plkst.4.05 - 200 metres a sprint.
Septiņcīņas race will be concluded on Saturday, which will take place in tāllēkšana, šķēpmešana and 800 metres race.
Before the Olympic Games Ikauniece-Admidiņa, which last year won bronze in the world championships, was referred to as the Olympic Games medal Democratic.
Until May the Latvian set a new national record (6622 points) and in second place in the Austrian city of euros septiņcīņas Gecisā.
Ikauniece-Admidiņa also took part in the 2012 London Olympics, where she won the Latvian record with a ninth place.
The last year and a half she said the national record modified four times.
Today, 1300 GMT) starts for the Latvian comprised cīkstonim Artūram Ņikiforenko, who start the weight class above 100 kilograms, in the first round of the 2016 fight with the Azerbaijani sportsmen Ušangi Kukauri.
Džudistam these will be the first Olympic games in his career.
As reported on Thursday in the category of up to 100 kilograms of weight loss in my first fight in Latvian Putin Jevgenijs Borodavko.
He conceded japānim Hagu Rjunoski, who subsequently won the bronze.
Vsevolods Zeļonijs brought to Latvia in 2000 Olympic bronze prize, but the next four Olympic Games in Latvia džudisti seven fights together have only one win in London, which did exactly Borodavko.
Close: 4.30pm GMT qualification race will start installation šaušanā Dainis Upelnieks, but the selection will end on Saturday.
Upelnieks Olympic, who received only a day, which was officially announced in the Latvian delegation, but later he told LETA found that quite safe driving has been since April.
Sportists Olympic venue instead arrived as one of the first Latvian athletes, trying to make maximum use of the training opportunities in the race for the conduct of šautuvē.
Plkst.19.05 after the final three journeys will take the Olympic Games the same 17 years old Latvian burātāja Ketija Birzule burāšanā vējdēļiem which is competing in the RS: X class.
After three days, or nine trips Birzule standings between 26 athletes are currently 25.vietā.
On Saturday, there will be the decisive finālbrauciens on the medals.
Today, finally planned to race in the academic airēšanā participate in Ireland, where the representative latvietei Sanitai Pušpurei.
The race was cancelled due to adverse weather conditions.
Pušpure plkst.19.10 C / D-vieniniekos will compete for the ladies, fighting for 13.vietu Olimpiādē.
On Tuesday x trip she won the fourth place, on the third line, which would allow to continue the fight for a medal, short of just 0.65 seconds.
Pušpure 13.vietu has already won four years ago in London, which also represented Ireland.
Today, the Olympic Games will be divided into 24 medals kits - Circle šaušanā, athletics, testing, intake treka, jāšanā, tramplīnlēkšanā, comprised, academic airēšanā, šaušanā, swimming, tennis and leaves.
Reids says, if Clinton is elected president, he will appoint Garlandu a Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democrats leader taking Reids is convinced that if she becomes president, then his they Meriku Garlandu on the Supreme Court's top judge.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked the Garlanda approval since March, when President Obama nominated him.
Senate majority leader Mitch Makonnels said that the next president will choose who will replace the current Supreme Court Judge Antoninu Skaliu.
On Thursday at its conference, the Reids announced that it is convinced that Clinton will choose Garlandu.
Reida spokeswoman later said that he personally had not spoken on the issue with Clinton and he is the only spekulējis.
He praised Garlandu and said that Clinton's team would not want "sašūpot the boat" with another choice.
Garlands of Colombia is the US Appeals Court chief judge.
Reids said that Republicans in blocking the Garlanda nomination is "ielikteņi" and acting in the interests of the Republican candidate Donald Trump.
He also said that Trump is not suitable for the presidential work.
Treats announces kailfotogrāfiju the calendar of women and vīriešie.
The magazine Treats will work with photographers David Belmēru in order to create a 2017 calendar Pirreli style in the late 1970s.
In its 2017 calendar DU Mūzu they intend to involve new generation supermodeļu rather than kailas celebrities.
At the beginning of this year, the magazine Treats president Steve Šavs announced that his erotiskās art magazine is different from the old-fashioned Playboy, because "Playboy is a men's magazine.
This magazine is for women.
It appears that he is also the calendar.
A press release on the calendar building Šavs said: "We have to go back to the enduring and classic kailuma imaging in photos, where the woman's body dismayed, but inspiring, both men and women."
Women want to take part in this project, because it is a great work of art.
their photo Modeles can be sent electronically or in person kastinga sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
Rembatē the buyer, motorcycle, aizlaižas.
10.augustā at 10 from a house patio Rembates pagastā stolen motorcycle "position in YZ250", which has not been registered, inform the State Police.
Putting the owner with the assistance of the advert Sport had wanted to sell.
Norunātajā arrived during the prospective buyer, uzkāpis on the motorcycle as if it onto and gone.
National police Riga region administration Ogres police station staff asks to refer anyone in connection with the criminal offence can provide any useful information for the investigation.
Please call: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (clock).
the information providers anonymity guaranteed.
the Greenland shark is the longest a mugurkaulnieks - video review
Scientists say the Greenland shark is the longest life expectancy of all vertebrate animals on our planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nīlsens story that ilgdzīvošanas record belongs to a mātītei, which could be up to 512 272 years old and five metres long.
French court rejects bid to shops to dismantle the Jungle refugee camp.
French court rejected the Calais authorities pašizveidotus request to demolish dozens of shops and restaurants are living in the Jungle refugee camp, where thousands of refugees.
This week, at the hearing of the Calais authorities said that the country should be dismantled 72 pašizveidotus veikaliņus camp, where people are traded on the territory of a variety of goods, starting with cigarettes and energy drinks, offers hairdressing, tea for 50 cents (40p) and simple meals on some €pašizveidotos restaurants.
Calais prefekta Office pointed out that these pašizveidotie iestādījumi should be demolished because they represent the shadow economy and pay no taxes, as well as the cause of a fire and public health risks.
Humanitarian groups, representatives of the court explained that these small businesses is essential, because the government and aid groups -0.0085 food does not provide for the needs of the residents of the camp, which continues to grow.
They also pointed out that the pašizveidotie veikaliņi and restaurants often offers free accommodation and meals to those who need it most.
Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel people who created the 72 pašizveidotos veikaliņus, but it is understood the Calais prefekta concerns.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that food, coffee and restorāniņi play a greater role than simply to provide food for people who live in the "extremely necilos circumstances".
He said that this place is a peaceful meeting places for refugees and volunteers.
One of the sites, which are subject to the demolition of the camp, the "Jungle Book" Kids Café, which provided more than 200 free meals a day, French and English language classes and provide advice on asylum issues hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition on the protection of children cafes.
Izdevumam Guardian addressed to the letter indicates that the cafes of "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charities "Help refugees" and "L ’ Auberge des Migrants' ēstīja that the Jungle camp, the number of people have risen up to 9,000 people, which is the highest figure since the rapid influx of migrants in the summer.
Britain win silver rugby-7 series in the fight, when Fiji valstvienība meistarīgi wins gold.
the British sample from the impressive performance in rugby-7 serial period ended on Thursday when a fun finālcīņā "Deodoro" stadium of four Rio Fiji convincingly crushed them with the results of the 43: 7.
Fiji demonstrated meistarklasi bombs, bombs in the management of the play with the leg, support game and brute force game, winning gold - the first Olympic medal in its history.
Defeat brought respectable consolation prize - the silver medal, which was Britain's third medal that day. the British team can be proud of their success in the first Olympic rugby-7 tournament, where they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The hard fight on November 14, in which the Boks team were defeated with 7: 5 days in the first half, perhaps 2ND Britain.
But in any case, the Fiji team is now in his best form to win the 15 men on the team.
Although it is unlikely, however, some reassurance Britain could be the fact that at least one Briton won the gold medal. It is Fiji coach Ben Ryan - the former England coach of the junior Wimbledon title.
Britain it was an exciting adventure.
Eight years ago, the legendary, they lose all the games of rugby-7 series stage Adelaidē.
This time, they have lost only one game.
This defeat is a painful, but progress is surprising.
Fiji's impressive began the game with four British force techniques for fun.
Captain Tom Mičelam and members of this was as saskriešanās with several towards braucošiem buses and the World Series champions to a 5: 0 when Osea Kolinisau scored the first piezemējumu.
In the last four minutes and Gerry Tuwai further increased the prevalence of piezemējumu the right of the political spectrum.
The result 12: 0 and the British team did not even really pieskārusies bomb.
excellent Mičela force method prevented būdīgajam Leoni Nakaravam to get the three points, but it only slightly affected the outcome of Fiji.
The matches in the seventh minute Jasa Veremalua scored piezemējumu right in the corner, strengthening the edge over Britain until 17: 0.
In pārspēles Nakarava further increased the prevalence and by the end was left more than a minute... by the end of the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou shied away from some of the heavy British force techniques and crossed the line, making points.
Piezemējums gave the results 29: 0.
It seemed that Fiji is born to play rugby-7 games, while the British is yet to learn.
In fact, it is also true.
The British team did a fundamental change in the half, breaking through the Fiji players line... four full minutes after the first fouled standards were well until Joshua Tuisova, after a fantastic team games, scored a few more points in Fiji for the good of the team.
Denam Nortonam for the benefit of the British team managed to score in the left corner and achieving results piezemējumu 36: 7, but the game was already lost, in the meantime Dienvidjūras island fans waved flags, sang and danced along the stands.
You cannot fail to admire the Fiji dzīvespriecīgo approach.
Fijian Viliame Mata made the victory even saldāku with another piezemējumu at the end of the game.
at the end of the game Atskanot svilpei, Fiji could begin to celebrate, but only after the defeat of the British zālītē the ability to sit down.
At the first half-Fiji beat Japan with the results of 20: 5, savukārti British was superior to the South Africa, where a fierce battle both teams scored by piezemējumam and dienvidāfrikāņi lost by only a few points.
In the first half Kyle Brown put the Boks team leadership, but in the second half with the Dens Nortons shining her mastery of crossed the line and took to the ball between the masts, ensuring the British victory.
The Markusa, who is the England rugby team player-15 possible brother, excellent power tool at the end of the game gave the team a victory and another silver medal.
Trenera battle with cancer has inspired Helēnu Heteri Staningu It's and win the rowing competitions.
It will be emocionālākā gold medal in these races and it is already a lot.
From the first to the last, Saint Helena vēzienam Gloveres Heteres Staningas mirklim and gold was of particular importance in Estacio da Lagoa hard.
Although row only her two, the boat was three votes, one of which had echoes of Robin Williams, who went on to inspire her to even the second Olympic gold medal for couples airēšanā women, which was the first of its kind in the history of British sporting success.
Her completely dominated and after all these experiences, their 39 races became nepārspētu, an unprecedented victory.
These two excellent sportswomen with swan elegance planējot along the water ’ s surface, fully reflect this triumph.
Behind each of the gold medal airēšanā there is a whole team, which is working hard to improve its performance athletes firm and the largest contribution to their performance gave coach, who even before the 30 months did not know, or will experience this day, because he found cancer.
In his words, it disappeared just as quickly as appeared.
I had cancer of the bladder cancer, which is one of those that can be operated on and it also took place.
If not do so, it spread throughout the body.
And the situation would become very bad.
This slightly changing your vision.
Viljamsam cancer opened in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that William was able to begin the recovery procedure at the beginning of 2014 starpsezonas and to reduce the duration of disruption to a minimum, if I may say so.
I had the necessary income, so I quickly was jāatveseļojas.
It was the impetus to recover.
the EU was in the hospital and at a time when it takes a few steps already would have been much, I have been 6, 10 or even 15 metres long distance.
It it all started.
Airēšana in itself is a challenge, but this time it was even greater.
After the victory, the first thought it was immediately on Viljamsu that morning was full of frustration and irritation that spoke more than usual.
Staninga, which is dienējusi Royal military unit in Afghanistan, said: "This was emotionally tough week, but it means a lot to me."
This just confirms it, how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have worked.
The Helēnu and Robinu aizvadītie 3 years have been excellent.
Without Robin, we would not have achieved anything, so a huge thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
the EU cannot imagine a better people, with whom the train or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Staninga five years have not lost in any race.
A couple of reaching such a huge speed with which competitors can match.
Even in the last 500 metres, where teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to move Staningas and Gloveres's lead was too great.
We felt every moment.
Helen were shouting: "keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Nezaudēt focus is really important.
We have a good starts, but at the same time, we did not have high expectations.
On that day we had no intention of overthrowing the records, but simply good oars and win the signs and what we did.
The couple will blow on the clock before will decide what to do next.
Next month, Gloverai and television adventure seeker Steve Bašalam will be the wedding.
Meanwhile, she simply wants to enjoy the moment.
the EU did not want to say that this was my last race.
It would have been too much pressure.
I was in London for around six months to understand that I am the Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very much of my concerns.
This time, it was necessary for about four minutes.
She said: "It is like watching a fantastic."
a unique opportunity to look at the Los Angeles Central Library fantastic architecture.
Uzzini more of the city's Central Library, historians in Southern California Faculty Association is holding a meeting with the book "Los Angeles Central Library: The History of Art and Architecture" authors and Arnoldu Švarcmanu Stīvenu Džī.
Džī and Švartsmans intends to discuss and show the images, which show the 1926 League of Bertrama Gudhue design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Hardija Holcmana Feifera additions to the team.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14: 00 to 16: 00. Salle Moderne Chamber, Art Deco Dievidrietumu Legal school (in the past), 3050 Wilshire Bullocks Wilshire bulvāris.
Visitors will be able to see the central hall, the exposition, kaktusa Chamber and tea room.
have to buy tickets in advance; SAH / SCC members, $15; the other, $25.
Jaukie and omulīgie bēniņi mājīgas DTLA is going through a period of change,
On the occasion of the Los Angeles Central Bibliotekas 90 anniversary - with what else? - as a new book!
Revenue Kolegova Head office "will move to the last."
In his words, now Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Greens and Farmers Union) and Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (the Greens and Farmers Union) is already a "fundamentally important" to the Revenue Service manager of the finance minister put forward candidates Kolegova.
Rajevskis, estimated that both Kučinskim and Reizniece-Ozola in this government, is "the first major decision", which may affect their future as politicians.
If will now start to change the position of the Revenue Service Manager candidate selection, then it will have a negative impact on their image in the public administration.
Cabinet next week's sitting has been included on the agenda of the issue of the NHS manager had the transfer of the Revenue Service's office, according to the government's agenda.
Kolegova manager for the post of the Revenue was driven by Finance Minister Reizniece- Ozola after from Service Management withdrew Inara Petersone and of the contest to head office ended inconclusively.
Head office head Dace Peleka also on Thursday, said on August 11, said in an interview with Latvian Radio - if she would offer to stand for the leadership post, then she could agree to.
Finance Minister and later said that, for the time being, does not consider the other candidates.
The National Alliance Raivis Dzintars Saeima group leader acknowledged that the NA increasingly supports Kolegova's leadership.
Spain budget deficit reduction potential threat was unable to form a government.
A month ago, on July 12, the European Commission (EC) presented the opinion that Spain and Portugal have not implemented sufficiently costly measures to reduce the budget deficit to the required level of 3% of gross domestic product (GDP).
Calculations show that despite the austerity measures implemented by Portugal's budget deficit at the end of last year was 4.4% of GDP, but 5.1% in Spain.
The European Commission, however, decided not to apply to both countries to economic sanctions, while at the same time setting fiscal targets in the short term.
One of the reasons why the EC, however, did not implement the sanctions against those two countries, is growing euroscepticism in many countries of the European Union.
Further sanctions such negative mood only to build.
Critics and points out that the EC in its decisions are not consistent, from the beginning of the agreement on common rules and then failing to apply them in life.
For example, the German Bundesbankas President Jens Veidmanns pointed out that Europe following a loss of confidence in ourselves, giving people the impression that the European Union rules, As a recommendation is not binding.
Now the EC proposed and all Member States have agreed to extend the deadline for putting the budget deficit by the end of this year until 2018 to Portugal and Spain.
The European Commission says the next few months to check on the two countries' progress, while at the same time pointing out that both Spain and Portugal must be ready to implement further austerity measures, if it will require conditions.
Initial forecasts suggest that Portugal may be able to achieve the target set by the deadline and already this year, the budget deficit could fall to 2.5% of gross domestic product.
This means that the Stability Programme, the government of this country this year is to implement austerity measures of 0.25% of GDP.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, the extra attention to the procurement of goods and services cost control.
the Spanish case, the situation is much more complicated.
This year, the budget deficit to be reduced to 4.6% next year - by 3.1% and in 2018 - to 2.2% of GDP.
In addition, over the next two years, the consolidation measures every year to be 0.5% of GDP.
The complex these objectives for the fact that for eight months of the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the formation of a cabinet, and there is a growing chance that Spain may have for the third time in a year to hold early parliamentary elections.
But opinion polls suggest that the third elections of the political landscape in the country essentially unchanged.
Fidesz widened its current Prime Minister Mariano Rahoja, led by the People's Party, which will again get less than 33% of the votes.
The popularity is only slightly piqued the Socialists, while against the austerity-Podemos "or" Together we can "and" Ciudadanos "or" Citizens' popularity has slightly decreased.
People's Party wants the Socialists and Ciudadanos' participation in the government before the end of this month, otherwise it will not be until mid-October to adopt and to submit to the European Commission for approval of the 2017 draft budget.
As one of the People's Party parliamentary faction spokesman Rafael Hernando, if governments fail to establish and parliamentary elections, however, will be held for a third time, Spain will become a laughing stock across Europe.
Pludmaļu the purity of the Gulf of Riga is critical.
For the fifth year screening beach, activists have concluded that, unfortunately, is growing every year, found the number of waste, and here are largely to blame for the visitors.
Vispiesārņotākās bathing is directly in Riga.
Hundreds of City Council, explains that the sites every day on sakoptas but to fight against netīrīgajiem visitors is quite difficult.
In addition, sauszemē atstātie rainfall during the waste can be treated water, thus far pabojājot its quality.
Except in Liepaja beach and some sites in Kurzeme, beaches of cleanliness elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
Such a statement released this week of the campaign "My Sea" volunteers.
For the fifth year feet mērojot road along the Gulf of Riga, activists have concluded that the number of people left the waste at every hundred metres has increased.
Unfortunately, this year it kritiskuma assessment has argued.
"We can see that this will be the year when the number of waste on the beach in the 100 metres, perhaps even may exceed 200 units," says expeditions "My Sea" spokesman Janis Ulme.
Latvian Radio sazvanīts, he regionSomalia Tūjas on the beach, where volunteers will continue to move along the Gulf of Riga.
This year, between the various household waste and a hangover activists had to collect even fluorescent light bulbs, which left mētājamies in the sand of the sea.
Pārgājiena participant and the organiser Ulme say pollution are directly to blame for the people.
"The main source is the same beach visitors, as more than half of the total number of waste is plastic, various waste, starting with the bags, plastic pieces, which is already the depletion of the stage, they can no longer be identified, and izsmēķiem, bottles, korķiem", says Ulme.
Among the netīrākajām beaches are also sites in Riga.
For example, Daugavgrīvā a hundred metres on average, collected nearly 800 waste unit, which is so much.
The campaign organisers also explains that almost at every turn mētājoties also butt and not everywhere deployed or ban the warning signs.
"The average figures for all three of the Riga bathing areas together - Daugavgrīvu, Vakarbuļļiem and Vecāķiem - unfortunately shall meet high and far exceeding the target or targets, to which it as Latvia moves to reduce waste by 2020 the number of items up to 135 units," concludes a defender of the environment.
bathing cleaning in Riga noritot every day, summer days karstākajās even twice, explains Duma representative Uģis Vidauskis.
However, the fight with netīrīgajiem visitors is quite difficult.
We are returning to the people's cultural issue.
"To those who piemēslo, drink, smoke and doing all the things that may not even special characters does not work," said Vidauskis.
So Vidauskis calls for bathing visitors to report on polluters and the police.
It may be called the police, sure to point to these violations and, in a way, all the fight.
Perhaps it can impose what new warnings, but, as I said, it is unlikely to radically change the situation.
"As all together and simply need to be tough on these offenders," he stresses.
Meanwhile, the water quality measurements this summer for the fourth time, carried out by the Health Inspectorate, which can impose a ban on official sites.
This year, though, like the other years, the quality of the water everywhere is a good and decent.
Today, the situation is such that in all 56, bathing water quality has been good all the time and there are no bathing cap.
"The last time we'll take it at the end of August," the analysis says a senior specialist in environmental health inspections Normunds Kadiķis.
Strong rainfall during the land atstātie waste can be treated in the water.
This, in turn, may affect the quality of it, the environmental specialist.
the rotation of the Russian elite will continue - Putin's administration driving change.
It left the office?
Vladimir Putin, Russian media reported that Sergei Ivanov himself and wanted to leave the post in the future will be the President's special representative for environmental protection, ecology and transport issues.
In announcing the changes, Putin in front of the television cameras Ivanovam heaped praise: "Dear Sergej Borisovič with you for many years, we are working together and doing it well."
I am happy with how you are up to you in the course of their duties.
EU remember well on our agreement to leave you in the head of the presidential administration for more than four years.
That is why I am with the understanding of your desire to change the scope.
And I hope that the new post you to fully use their knowledge and experience.
However, it is the highlight of the presidential administration driving is a very important job and it made Ms as one of the most influential people in the country.
Given that in Russia next month ahead of the elections to the Duma, those rumours that this step is linked to the struggle for power in the Russian political elite.
Ivanov was also called on the alleged Putin's replacement as president, so the assertion that he wanted to hold presidential representative for the protection of the environment and transport issues raised doubts.
According to Lsm.lv archive, Ivanov is the KGB and the Federal Security Service Col.-Gen..
Ivanov has been an old and close to the Russian President Vladimir Putin ally.
He launched its own rhythms specdienestos 1975, where took note with Putin.
Later, Putin became the head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
Meanwhile, the first Russian President Boris Yeltsin era weekend was appointed as the Russian Security Council Secretary.
Putin in 2000 after coming to power Ivanova was approved by the "Information security doctrine", including in Russia was the country's censorship mechanism revival.
but Sergei Ivanov became the Russian defence minister, but already in 2005 - the Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkova and was responsible for the development of the Russian defense industry enterprises and arms exports.
Now, after the head of the presidential administration, leaving Ivanov also will retain the seat of the Russian National Security Council, where it will be the new head of the presidential administration Vaino.
Vaino comes from a family of Soviet party elites.
The presidential administration head office Vaino had recommended the same Ivanov.
We with Antonu Eduardoviču have long been known.
One of those times when, under your leadership, worked in government.
And the last almost five years, we are in contact in practically every day.
"Therefore, I am convinced that after all the professional and personal character he is ready for the job," said Ivanov.
Vaino comes from a family, which belonged to the Soviet party elite.
His grandfather Karl held senior positions in the Estonian Communist party, including ten years up to 1988.gadam was its first secretary.
Internet edition "Meduza" with a reference to the book "self-determination and independence," writes that at the end of the Peshawar Karl Vaino had asked Moscow to authorise the use of force against the demonstrators.
However, he had received a refusal and soon lost his post.
Shortly after the Vaino has moved to live to Moscow.
Antons Vaino graduated from the Moscow Institute of International Relations and managed by the Japanese language.
However, he has gone from the diplomatic service, in order to work in the administration of President.
As reported, the last nedāļās Russia been shaken by a number of senior officials of the dismissal and even arrests, including replaced several areas of Bamyan and federal representatives.
According to Friday, President Vladimir Putin restructuring the ruling elite ahead of the next election.
One of the main features - are increasingly to senior positions are representatives of the power structures.
The Putin Ņikiforenko loses the Olympic Games in the first fight.
This was the fight in the first round, and the Latvian Putin its participation in the Olympic Games is concluded, finišējot 17 instead.
"The coach Oleg Baskins Latvia has acknowledged that the Ņikiforenko hopes have been very little, and it has already been clear before the tournament.
He also revealed that Putin in his shoulder injury.
Significantly, in order to get the Olympic road signs, Ņikiforenko had to take part in another weight class than usual - namely, in the weight category up to 100 kilograms.
Azerbaijani wrestler was on 25 kilos heavier.
Rebels Jevgenijs Borodavko fight in the weight category up to 100 kilograms against Rjunosuki noturējās two and a half minutes, until in the clean victory was worth litter.
So the Latvia comprised race at the Rio has concluded.
disappears Sapņi Rio in the sand.
led Ceturtdienu džudists Jevgenijs Borodavko.
Yes, his face was titulētāks an opponent, but the ambitious sometimes has the ability to surprise.
He nesagādāja.
Artūram Ņikiforenko task was even more complicated, because the experience less and opponent of the respectable.
The result of a similar, even on the tatami he noturējās nearly a minute and a half longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, the last time the Latvian džudistiem most directly to a lack of ambition.
Since the management side of the Federation took Gunars Ķirsons and his financial stute Vladimir Šestakovs, drove from Latvia Aleksandr Jackevičs, no longer the case "Golden Score", - comprised development are going through lejupslīdošu curve.
Jackevičam here, and advise the Kazakhstan džudistus Vsevoldam Zeļonijam heirs cannot see.
But if neaudzinās, also will not be.
And it is the prerogative of the Federation.
Therefore, as from another galaxy "morning" The Panorama also says the Latvian Džudo Federation presidential promise Rio to win a medal.
The far from reality. "
In the evening with impatience and concerns waited for beach volleyball match, Samoilovs / Smedins - Evandru / Pedru Solbergs.
Intriga as the "group of death" - the losers of the game over.
Latvian duetam though there was a small deviation - could also lose, but no more than the four points in two setos.
Saspringumu yet pieaudzēja protracted in the previous game.
No one did not want to die - this feeling over vējainā Europe korta throughout the whole match.
Ongoing support brāzmainais winds caused additional complications.
Initially it seemed that it could be ours - which is comprehensive - an ally.
But did not.
against Latvian duetu to play here was quite simply.
so Servē to Samoilovu and they would kill when he plīsīs.
against Canada ieplīsa, against Cuba saplīsa seta at the end of the first and third at the beginning, because the load was not that for a joke.
Smedins at that time could go onto, because the work was a little, but when it was, did it very well.
Samoilovs Brazīliešus with Šmēdiņu was able to win two setos, because the first took over the lead with 16: 15 to 16, but also remained, depleting also lost) limit.
But could lose also with 0: 2, because the deficit in the second set was -4, however, also thanks to the wind, managed to win.
The third already close-Evandru servju mark.
Veidojās ķēdīte - unconvincing absorbed to serve, the second floor often fly too close to the network and Samoilovam remained very little version of the resulting attack.
If against Cubans Square was an alien to Samoilovs, then this time he worked better, and only to dump Sašu loss would be in a professional manner.
The Kreilis was wrong, and quite symbolic that the last ball block trieca it was him.
Zaudē team.
This time, certainly was also a success - in the third set only two Evandru attacks almost flew out of korta, however, but the ball hit the line.
Two of the CEF was next to the line.
The controversial episode 9eda0133b79d ruled in favour of the opponents.
If the first two games Evandru struggling with servēm against ours, then it was a very productive.
All together summējās a on the board.
Now calm analysis of the reasons for failure.
Perhaps it should have been as many live next to the stadium, rather than with the delegations in the Olympic village.
A it took two and a half hours.
Maybe a little confidence gave seven of the final series.
Maybe Klagenfurt should not have to come here to play, but faster and better acclimatise.
Perhaps it was the failure of the sportiskās forms of the discovery.
Meanwhile, the issue more than answers.
Our bīčistiem game over.
The dream of medals over.
What next?
A few of the World Cup tournaments and also the City "Masters".
Smedins with Samoilovu life has never been friends and there will not be, because it is too different personalities.
But it also is not necessary.
When the fall of the dream of Olympic medals, may lead to the idea of divorce because the fault will be sought not only for ourselves, but also a film.
My backing is also supported by is not difficult, but much more difficult in Latvia will have to find a partner.
Both brothers play bīču but Janis with Tom has already tried and also pašķīrušies, while Mikhail Samoilovs is still too green to start to conquer the world of mountains.
You can try to Haraldu Regžu, Alexander Soloveju, Edgaru Toču, to return to the Mārtiņu Pļaviņa, but it will be better than this week, which itself not once but confirmed the stages of the World Cup.
nesmaidīja Kopakabanas sand them this time.
And all.
Of course, should also take into account the fact that the beach volejbols are becoming more popular, new business is coming across, and only a few height is less than two metres.
It still does not guarantee success, but it is a vital point in the fight for the victory.
longer Mūsējie not.
Both athletes and journalists are able to stay Games organisers proposed locations, but also to choose their own.
US basketball team are living on the cruise ship, part of the players do not remain in the Olympic village.
It is also part of the beach hotel volejbolistu sameklējuši Kopakabanā.
This time, the journalists proposing the whole pieticīgajām naktsmītnēm was required greatly exaggerated prices.
That is also why the choice fell on apartamentu rent.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from a logistical point of view.
This time the risk are justified.
Together with Vladimir Vladimiroviču lease apartamentus to Kopakabanas and the Ipanemas borders.
Pludmale 200 metres away, bīča arena for the half-hourly march.
neighborhood safe enough, because the favelas patālu, however, should not be vigilant to lose here too.
Vladimir Vladimirovičs though not what some might immediately imagines, but profesionālākais sports journalist krieviskajos media Vladimir Ivanov.
P.S. It seems that on Friday morning, was izsapņots another medal dream.
100 metres barjerskrējienā and in high jump Laura Ikauniece-Admidiņa lagged behind their personal records.
But there already has five disciplines.
After 10 years, "Porgijs and" Besa sounds in Liepaja.
Latvia's opera "Porgijs and" Besa pirmiestudējumu experienced in 1973, the Latvian National Opera.
Since then, the internationally renowned masterpiece is not in.
That is why Cesis Arts Festival and Liepaja Arts Forum organizers in close cooperation decided to give listeners the opportunity to enjoy the George Gēršvina šedervu.
"We are very pleased that after a decade, when the last time in Liepaja was able to enjoy the Opera production, this excellent George" and "Besa Gēršvina Porgijs koncertiestudējuma baudāma Opera version is new to us," jaunatklātajā in this concert, "says" this is the driving Baiba Bože.
Besa opera "Porgijs and" is engraved on musical language izstāstīts tale of love, its mutability, passion, as well as domestic tragedies and simple everyday spree.
It reflects the afroamerikāniskā vitality, music and rhythm.
It is this lack of political correctness in the Opera, this tolerance of waiver makes it so alive.
"And yes, this mīlasstāsts is extremely powerful, extremely beautiful and somehow really deep," says director Viesturs Kairišs.
What I love most - listening to or atskaņojot this opera is always such stopping points - the famous tones, the famous motives, but the transition from one character to another, highlighting personāžu personāžu one or the other, or choirs, or the orchestra.
"This is what is so wonderfully exciting about sitting in this building," the opera assesses the Opera "and" Besa Porgijs koncertiestudējuma muzikālais driver and conductor Andris Poga wants Riga.
Opera visitors are in agreement that it is a very ambitious event.
They have a great pleasure that will hear the world famous Gēršvina opera.
Svētīgi that in Liepaja may feel the breath of the world.
"," Izpildījums a professional opera assesses the visitor Edgars weekly.
Koncertiestudējums was unique in that jaunatklātajā, "this is the first time the orchestra back played the orchestra and, for the first time, took place in the National Opera koncertuzvedums.
The Art Museum at the renovated buildings could give Jaņa Rozentāla.
deputy mayor of Riga Andris Ameriks Rozentāla anniversary exhibition at the opening of the museum, said that the same address in the future could be rather than RIGA Valdemara street 10a, but Jaņa Rozentāla 1 square.
Māra Lāce Muzeja director, acknowledged that addresses pārreģistrēšana will create a long red tape, but, on the whole, this idea is welcomed by the local government and therefore agreed to the proposal.
Riga city of some sort of a central pillar of this idea has laid, creating a 1936.gadā Burkarda Dzeņa Rozentālam Janim monument, which stands at the museum.
The then Museum director of Vilhelms Purvītis was one of the initiators of this monument building.
In this way, the further action could be a purely logical.
I am a little bit grauž conscience and all the time - but Vilhelms Purvītis, where we will make his name?!
"But if you, America, Mr apsolāties thinking"... said Lāce.
Vēstīts that the National Arts Museum building following an ambitious renovation and modernisation of its doors officially account in May this year.
This week, finally launch VEF Culture Palace reconstruction.
Pili around 11 million euro will restore the company's "Velve".
The Castle to refurbish several rooms, including two viewers medicines, as well as building adapted for people with reduced mobility.
Riga City Council intends to raise money for the project of European Union funds to six million euros, however, the Riga City Property Department Director Olegs Burovs acknowledges that, for the time being, with European funding for the project is not yet complete clarity.
"Despite the fact that the political will to launch the VEF Culture palace repairs, with the assistance of the European Structural Funds, has for months, we are waiting for the decision, the real action from the Finance Ministry officials, will be awarded the money or not," says Burovs.
In December last year, we were told that everything depends on the Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Financial Ministry received a letter from the European Commission that accept their decision that Brussels here does not take a decision.
Today, we can see that there is another discussion circle again, either, then we will see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I would like to say that the Riga City Council will no doubt guarantees that this process will be started and finished within the time limits," notes Burovs.
As reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, the VEF Culture Palace collectively held a farewell concert before immediately, without delay, the renovation of the building.
Although a year, building renovations were still not started and collectively have continued to work in inappropriate conditions.
VEF Riga City Property Department Strategy Committee on Culture Palace refurbishment divided into seemingly independent rebuilding work packages, where each will provide a different function in the implementation of the palace.
The first - VEF Culture Palace by increasing the availability of labiekārtošana and the surrounding area.
It is expected to clean up the surroundings and inženierkomunikācijas as well as the restoration of the facade of the building.
The second - VEF Culture Palace of the services on offer.
It plans of the building, interjera wall and ceiling restoration, theatrical and sound recording studios, as well as improving internal inženierkomunikācijas to tidy up the building.
The third - the creative collective of amateur improving working conditions, which includes plans to improve stations equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before "Līvu '40th anniversary the legendary rokgrupu may be to get to know the exhibition in Liepaja.
will the various "Līvus" merit-based objects - photographs, which form a line, to reflect the Group's activities from dawn until 2010, is reported to the functioning of the end.
It will be shown participants theatrical tērpi, musical instruments, awards and koncertieraksti as well as other wider public yet unforeseen things that reflected the group "Līvi" creative activity.
The exhibition will be supplemented by the Liepaja Museum of stock items.
Exhibitions visual presentation in cooperation with the fashion an artist and gleznotāju Elitu Patmalnieci.
The musicians, who have been linked to the group "Līvi" and their relatives, referred to the call and shared with both items and memory.
"the Līvu" has its origins in the 1972.gadā when Liepaja cultural House is a vokāli instrumentālais ansamblis led by Juris Pavītols.
Ansamblis in its original regionplaceChina participated in the festival "Liepaja this 1972 and 1974.gadā as well as the city and the parades.
Police have fateful meeting, when Juris Pavītols took note with Eric Ķiģeli and Metalurgu Culture Palace was founded by the group, asking to join Ingrīdu Gūtmani, Andris Krūziņu and John Grodumu.
Over the years, the group composition is manījies more than once.
Participants have joined, others have gone their way, some returned.
However, above all, the desire to assure that the Latvian rokmūzika is able to live and survive - remains unchanged.
"What to see was - džinsoti, mataini and bārdaini, these boys significantly differed from the assumed entertainers dziedoņa stereotipa," the group says the music apskatnieks Klāss Vāvere.
The group without above the musicians worked such outstanding musicians as Hugo, Vilnis Krievins, Modris Šterns, Valdis Štarks, Laimis Rācenājs, Tālis Pusbarnieks, 73, Guntars Brīze Virga, Aivars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Thomas Kleins and many more.
exhibition Ieeja free of charge.
The exhibition concludes with a from 19.augusta to 30.oktobrim.
Meanwhile, Liepaja 27.augustā koncertdārzā Pūt vējiņi "," will take place in the group "Līvi" 40 year anniversary celebrations "LĪVIfest 2".
For the first time in eight months in Bulgaria is inflation.
In July, the Bulgarian national statistics for 1% monthly inflation.
It is the highest figure since 2012 and the first rate above zero since last October, when it was a positive (0.2%).
The annual average inflation after PCI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), compared with the previous year, was -0,8%.
Consumer Price Index in July 2016, compared with the previous year, was 101,9% and the average monthly inflation rate of 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, the inflation rate was -0.2% (in July 2016, compared with December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016, compared with July 2015, was -0,2%.
Compared with the previous month, in July 2016 has seen a rise in the price of this commodity groups: dishes and soft drinks (1.7%); transport (1.8%), entertainment and cultural events (6.3%), hotels and restaurants (1.2%), household goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell for clothing and footwear (2.2%); housing facilities, household appliances and regular house uzkopšanai (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the level of the previous month on alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
"the Seimas: We have time, and the truth augšāmceļas.
Latvia's Catholic Church, Archbishop metropolīts "in an interview with the Seimas Neatkarīgajai stresses that, if we want to make a life force, they must be at the heart of the Gospel message.
In truth the force is higher on a whim of evil.
Many are already on the way to the reception Vissvētākās of the Virgin Mary in the sky Holidays Aglona.
What kind of message of faith there will receive this year?
In recent years, the desire to lead the main worship Aglona made by the Pope nuncijs.
Consequently, the key message content is up to him.
The kind of tradition, it also emerged that the Cross road led by Bishop John Bulis.
Also, he himself will form his message.
EU the previous day will preside over the festive vigīlijas worship.
Last year, I focused on Pope Francis enciklikai "Laudato si" and aktualizēju in tverto house, the common theme of Latvia in the context of the Earth.
This year... Of course, I have been watching what is happening in the world, and in his speech to try to respond to it.
My approach coincides with the Church, recommended that lay at the heart of the Gospel message of life.
to show that Evaņģēlijs responds to human life vissasāpējušākajām problems and give him inspiration further route.
Then it address to the people.
But Cēsīs, Lamps discussion, you said that "to go back to the understanding of the full of people."
What do you get it?
Does this mean that people are turning away from the Church of the message?
And whether the Church today is such a return of resource?
the Indian capital, robbing the road side of the dying man.
the Indian capital, no one seemed not on the road now cries notriektu man - it turns out that he was on the road side nogulējis hour and then robbed, told the BBC.
According to reports, the man, identified as Matibūls, travelled with rikšu by day, but at night he served as a guard.
Matibūls 5: 30 in the morning for a home down the road, when their cars passenger car.
Video surveillance cameras shows that the driver of the car izkāpis in order to access to the victims, and then gone.
After hours, when no one thought it not about asiņojošo man, their aplaupījis a garnadzis.
About 90 minutes by police officers at the scene and was taken to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
In withdrawing his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (SRS) to the post of Director General, the State Environmental Service head Inga Kolegova sheltered from the fall of the government, believes the Latvian University Faculty of Social Sciences, Associate Professor Ojars Skudra who is assisted.
had explained on the nominations for the withdrawal of the contradictions in the ruling coalition is associated with the fact that she has in the fall of the government.
Skudra who is assisted an interview with LETA said that he is difficult to imagine that next week's meeting of the government had "Unity" support the nomination.
Consequently, if the Unity ministers were to vote against, but Kolegova so and approve the appointment, it would lead to a government retirement.
The expert believes that, prior to the announcement of nominations for the withdrawal of the Kolegova has contacts with both the finance ministers Danu Reiznieci-Ozolu, both Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis.
At the same time, it was also the concession to Unity, which strongly opposed her nomination.
Prognozējot, or with the contest will help to find a suitable candidate Skudra who is assisted acknowledged that there are two options - either will be designated as a compromise figure or institution as Director-General will continue to head Dace Peleka.
At the same time, though, he points out - if the Finance Minister has so far claimed that does not address other candidacy, it was a gesture Beige, that should not take part in the competition.
As reported, the State Environmental Service Kolegova decided to withdraw his candidacy for the post of the Revenue.
"unity" opposition to the government on Tuesday postponed a week had approval of the head office.
After the government's decision to postpone decisions Kolegova confirmed that remains ready to become the chief.
However, later changed the application of thought - on Friday, Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola, she argues that withdraw their consent to the transfer of the manager's office and that she is not an easy option.
Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis spokesman Andrejs Vaivars said, told LETA that for the vacant head office will be a new contest.
Riga at the centre of the accident, which involved in a police car.
Riga this afternoon at the centre of an accident involving the National police car.
Police car with ieslēgtiem the sound and light signals to the higher grade, quick call to RIGA Barona street and Dzirnavu Street juncture confronted with another car.
Police said the circumstances, but the initial information indicates that the second spēkrats has not missed a police car.
DEVELOPING; Four people killed suffered a woman.
This year, the population drops in Riga, Latvia
At the beginning of this year, Riga was 638 784 people, which is about 0.34% less than in 2015, when the capital was officially registered 641 000 inhabitants, LETA was informed by the Central Statistical Bureau (CSB).
Meanwhile, in terms of the number of people in Latvia's capital city is ranked 30.vietā between the European Union (EU) national capitals and large cities, with a population of more than one million.
According to the EU statistics office Eurostat data has the highest proportion of women in Riga, the Latvian capital is strong in the first place among the major cities with 127 women to 100 men.
In all three Baltic capitals have the highest proportion of women in the larger cities: in Vilnius is 123, but in Tallinn 121 woman to 100 men.
The LNMM will deploy warning pictograms.
In the coming days, the Latvian National Arts Museum (LNMM) will be deployed to the warning signs - pictograms, LETA was told at the Riga City Property Department spokeswoman compensation amounts.
He added that it currently has successfully concluded Museum ātrija repair the damage that was caused by skeitbordistu as a result of the operation.
In the coming days, they will be deployed to the warning pictograms.
Its population that will send a signal that the cover tend to be slippery for rain and snow, it may not move with cars, as well as vizināties bikes skrituļslidām and skrituļdēļiem.
The mentioned on Facebook at the time, wrote the Usakovs, who pointed out that the damage does not pose any security threats, but "looks neakurāti skeitbordistus", and "will be chasing."
children Svētki and vecākiem- in Riga fitted with new children's playgrounds.
In the summer season of Riga municipality had failed to even two new toy houses in the city, and Čiekurkalnā Man, who now has access to the children.
Ķīpsalas beach installed in a broad, multifunkcionāls a ship with various elements kāpelēšanas, tiltiņiem, Games, trubām and slidkalniņiem.
Rotaļu pitch for children of all ages.
in the square installed also šūpoles and different ways of balancing elements.
the world of small kuģotājiem Fantāzijas paspilgtina atrakcijas location on the shores of the Daugava river with a view to the passenger port and there's cruise ships.
The Tank Square between 4 and 5 Čiekurkalna šķērslīniju built games of cards, batuts piste, stabilizers, the balance of the bridge, šūpoles, toy bombs and other elements of the Games, as well as the area with the rings of strength and coordination of Dortmund, etc. līdztekām sports elements.
Under Square ieklāts rubber cover in different colours.
By toy square from the side of the street ieklāts new, colourful bruģa coverage.
open Medumos rekonstruētais stretch of road.
Transport Minister Uldis Augulis, company in Latvia (LVC) leadership, as well as what the company "Binders" and local representatives of the country's main motorway rekonstruēto today revealed the Russian border (Grebņeva) -Rēzekne-in-Lithuanian border (Medumi) (A13) stage from Medumiem to the Lithuanian border (156,4.-163,05. km).
Roads are the country's visiting card, particularly in border roads, therefore particularly pleased to renovate a stage on the border with our neighbours to the south.
This is yet another example of the fact that, thanks to the European Union funds through the situation on the country's main roads are improving.
"According to the forecast, this programming period roads already available resources will be absorbed in 2018, and we need to think about how to continue to maintain the most congested roads very high quality, and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all Latvian regions without the European Union funding," pārgriežot the symbolic lentu Uldis Augulis said.
Transport Minister also said that traffic experts prepared by the proposals on sustainable funding for the Latvian roads tuvakājā time will be presented to the government.
Būvdarbus from Medumiem to the Lithuanian border (156,4.-163,05. km) company Binders launched last year and this year they continued after the technological disruption.
Reconstruction costs are 13.5 million (including VAT), a project co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"Rekonstruētajā road stage is fully restored road construction and repairs to the next year will be launched in the next stage of Medumiem Daugavpilij by itself, and with it will be sorted out all the way from the Lithuanian border up to Daugavpilij", informed the LVC board chairman John Lange.
The main roads are the most congested, and until 2018, we intend to ensure that all of the country's major roads are in good condition.
The next challenge will be to maintain the high quality, timely ensuring periodic maintenance and replacement of asphalt of surface every 7-9 years ago.
"This, of course, will need adequate funding, and all ceļinieki looks forward to the expert group's proposals to clean up the road funding system," said Lange.
The project arranged road connections and lighting Medumu in the centre.
carried out significant land works: the four stages of large-scale atkūdrošana and massive ierakuma and embankment works, allowed the road garenprofils which, until now, was a very uneven.
restored and public transport stops and the newly built apgriešanās pitch public transport.
The road was minimal nestspēja and off-road terrain was not transparent, because of the mountainous valleys, as well as the old way of a common topography.
Next season works planned to restore the Motorway from Daugavpils city limits until now rekonstruētajam period (144,80.-156,40. km).
This year the LVC intends to carry out multiple types of work more than 1,100 mile country road.
Information on all this year the national road network planned maintenance is available on the website the LVC www.lvceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired weight loss results, a very important is the right food combinations of choice ', recognises the Lithuanian dietoloģe Laura Romeraite-Kuklieriene.
In addition, it is easy for the summer period, when our own gardens grow fresh fruit, berries and vegetables.
A planned combination of nutritional products can help not only to reduce obesity, but also determined to promote different processes in the body.
Macaroni and vinegar is a successful combination, because it provides a sense of lasting sāta and helps to fight with fat.
Research published in the journal Clinical Nutrition, proved that vinegar has a positive effect on glucose levels in the blood and helps us to feel mundriem.
Kajēnas peppers and protein rich food, such as meat, poultry or protein Cocktail, creates a sense of not only sāta, but also reduces the thirst for great meals in the next ēdienreizēs.
This combination meals can also increase after meals sadedzināto the calorie content of up to 35%.
Studies show that Kajēnas peppers can help to get rid of fat in the abdominal area.
Egg contains a nutrient metabolism - holīns, while the paprika is a good source of vitamin C in.
Accepting a sufficient number of these nutrients, may reduce the level of kortizola, hence the accumulation of body fat around the middle ground.
Auzu flakes for, which added to the fresh berries, is another garda and fat dedzinoša meal for breakfast, which is worth to include in your diet.
Auzu flakes and berries contain fibre, which in accordance with the conclusions of the Canadian scientists controlled grelīnu - the appetite for stimulating hormone - and thus also feeling hungry.
In addition, the berries contain polifenolus, which is helping to maintain weight reduction, and prevents the formation of fat.
Vegetables and proteins also are able to work miracles for weight reduction.
This combination is able to create a sense of sāta.
Vegetables containing water and fibre, and contributes to a sense of sāta.
At the same time, the protein slows down the digestive process and provides a sense of sāta for the long term.
Over lunch can eat chicken with lettuce or cook protein cocktails from finished mixture and enjoy it together with my favourite vegetables.
From what product combinations to avoid.
Augļos is the sugars - monosaccharides or disaccharides - one or two molecules compounds.
In contrast, starch, which is located in vegetables, is polisaharīds.
Fruit chemically decompose her stomach mechanically, while they do not break down, to reach the third or fourth grade the digestive process, which takes place in the intestine.
Starches lived in three different stages, which begins in the mouth.
Therefore, it is important not to eat them at the sweet immediately after meals.
the sweet Ēdot immediately after meals, it is being "stuck in" her stomach, together with other meals, where it is not chemically sagremots and starts pūt.
Neēdiet bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, dateles or other products containing carbohydrates, together with lime, lemons, oranges, greipfrūtiem, ananasiem skābiem or other fruit.
Enzīms ptialīns siekalās, which is located, operates only alkaline environment.
The fruit acid is not only carbohydrates sagremošanu, but also contributes to the fermentation.
Neēdiet eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar protein rich product mix one meal.
The processing required for different digestive juices, each with a different strength, features and when to go to her stomach.
Arbūzs, medusmelone, muskatmelone and other melons always eat separately from other foods.
Melones not sagremotas if they are located in her stomach, together with other foods.
fat, in combination with the protein rich foods.
fat is a successful combination of starch, but the same cannot be said of the fat and protein, fat prevents protein sagremošanu.
proteins can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
If they consume protein products containing a large amount of fat, you would use altogether.
This also applies to svaigēšanu - is not advisable combination of large quantities of nuts (contains proteins) with a whole avocados (contains fats).
This combination of effective for weight reduction.
How better to prepare?
"the catering, thermal processing poses a significant nutrient loss - around 15% to 55% of the products of the original nutrient composition," notes dietoloģe.
In most cases the nutrients are lost, food products in boiling water.
However, some of the nutritional value of food products is growing, it is boiling.
After the remaining liquid vegetable cooking it is advisable to use soup - in this case nezaudēsiet ingest nutrients that are left behind in the water, and they will be able to eat it later.
Dārzeņus advisable to cook, and steaming.
Thermal processing significantly increases the tomato regionplaceChina the likopēna biopieejamību.
tomatoes Vārot 30 minutes, likopēna amount will increase by 25%.
Thermal processing significantly increases also betakarotīna biopieejamību, which can be found in sarkanajos, dzeltenajos, oranžajos plants, for example, in tomātos, saldajos potato and spinātos.
The egg and meat thermal processing of withdrawing the protein natural characteristics, making them easier to sagremojamus.
Similarly, meat and eggs thermal processing makes this product of the iron and other minerals easier absorbējamas organism.
It should be borne in mind that freezing products can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% to 90%, while the fibre saldēšana does not affect.
Pupiņas, in combination with tomatoes may increase the iron in the body, which in turn provides a better brain and muscle activity.
Our organism accommodates up to 33% less in the not-asinsradošās iron, which can be found in plant foods such as beans, page zaļumi, cereals, than asinsradošās iron, which found in animal products such as beef, fish and chicken.
You can significantly increase the not-asinsradošās iron absorption into the body by ingesting not-asinsradošo iron contaminated products, together with the sources of vitamin C, such as oranges, tomatoes and fruits.
Vitamin C helps to change the not-asinsradošo iron, so that our organism to make it easier to absorb.
Iron is required for the production of hemoglobīna, which provides oxygen channelling muskuļos and in the brain.
In order to achieve the maximum benefit from the lettuce, attach them healthy fats, such as olive or linseed-oils.
In preparing the sandwich with salmon, attach the vitamin D's rich salmon or sardīnēm bezpiedevu yoghurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin d intestine uzsūkto increases the amount of calcium, and plays an important role in bone formation.
Oats (as well as other wholemeal products), together with the sources of vitamin C, such as strawberries, upenēm, MEPs and other fruit or fruits, helping to stabilise the cholesterol levels, as well as to avoid artery nosprostošanās.
Snapčata "Anime" effekts are kriztizēts as Asian caricature
Snapčats says that the filter is iedvasmojis anime, but critics say it is a racist unsound.
The effect of these lenses Snapčats allows 150 million daily users to change the reality and playing with their own identity rather absurd ways.
You can turn on their own ananāsu, dog or image from Roy Lihštenšteina paintings.
lens effects can be eloquent manner, using the image manipulation tools that generates more than 30 million modified selfijus every day.
Any mistake quickly becomes available to the public.
Snapčata lens effects has previously criticised that they illustrate the facial skin toņus melnīgsnējumu or baltākus as the ideal beauty benchmark.
When this week were published the new lens effects, which gave users slitty eyes, teeth and šķībus mīkstus vaigus, some people called these effects on racist and karikatūriskiem, depicting the Asian population as "yellow".
It also asked the question as to whether it does not indicate that the company has bigger problems with diversity.
The news and public negativity erupted on Wednesday, when expenditure on The Verge and told Motherboard that these lens effects are removed from the applications.
The company explained that the lens was meant as an anime image of image of the Asian people, rather than a caricature.
But for people who have experienced racism, these effects recalled painful stereotypes.
And others denied the comparison with anime.
Korean American art student Greisas Sparapani tvīts on the images received broad repercussions. She said that the lenses effects were "sāpinoši and uncomfortable, to say the least."
She added that it is hard to overlook the obvious similarities between someone cartoons and lens effects.
This shows that the effect is not only a yellow lentils PETI, but yellow face racism level.
Snapčats is not the only company, which has deep black hole in the cultural trap.
It seems that American culture is faced with endless resistance to its continued development and innovation.
And Snapčata much of the young audience, representing the different race, is jūtīgāka against such things.
"It is more difficult to overlook these things than in the past," said on Thursday in an interview with Katie Žou 25 years old.
On Thursday, the company's product manager for Medium Žou removed her Snapčat app and advised others to do the same.
In his article Medium and telefonintervijā she said it believes that this problem is caused by Snapčata recruitment policy, which did not have enough racist correct.
Žou criticised the company's management, which mostly consists of white men and then concluded his abusive tweets attacking with # DeleteSnapchat.
"This means that the leadership is not racial diversity, so are perpetrating such decisions. Or on them in the little people of different races, but they are not in the position to be safe or comfortable to express their opinion," believes Chinese origin Jeannie Longo Žou.
Her complaint, to which Snapčats reacted, also agrees with other people.
The company does not disclose figures on its employees of racial diversity, saying that it is a private company.
Snapčats refused to discuss their own origins, but its spokesman revealed that the company has appointed staff of specialists, who will focus on the fact that the company is also represented racial minorities, which are not widely represented the company's presence in the region.
The Žou does not restore its Snapčata accounts, adding: "I wonder whether they really need more users such as we have to understand that it is not right."
Congress of Auditors announces that military officials sagrozījušas reports on the Islamic State of Israel.
A statement issued by the Congress of Deputies points out that the US Central Command, representatives of the transformed reports, depicting the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, much better terms than it is in reality.
Central Command intelligence analysts expressed general frustration on the Armed Forces, the Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Defense finansēšaans Republican representatives of the task unit of the interim report, noting that his leadership was under the control of the reports on the American success in the fight against the Islamic State of Israel.
The Central Command, known as Centcom, a military base Tampā, in Florida, which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest information on this report says that intelligence reports, which was approved by senior leaders of Centcom, reflects the U.S. fight against terrorism more positively than it is in reality. The facts were regularly misreported, depicting the better performance than other intelligence analysis shows.
California Republican Representative Ken Kalverts said: "Centcom is unacceptable behaviour - our soldiers are the ones who suffer, if our policy makers are making false reports."
Centcom management errors in the organisation's senior management.
This 10 pages long report detailed description of the problems of the Central Command coverage and analysis of the American efforts to prepare the Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide strong evidence that the Obama administration's senior officials would have led to distort the reports, but it shows that Centcom leadership has done some pressure on the analysts to portray optimistiskāku vision of the Islamic State (also known as) or targeting) threat.
The report shows that in the first half of 2015 Central pārvaldniecības press releases, statements and reports to Congress depicted a positive image of the situation than it was in fact.
For example, Centcom representatives have publicly stated that the Mosul operation could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city, which is still under the control of the Islamic State.
Kansas Republican Representative Mike Pompeo's report says: "several months of investigation that clear."
From the middle of 2014 until mid-2015 US Central pārvaldniecības key officials distorted reports, depicting it,) the threat in Iraq weaker than they were in fact.
The Republicans also set up a working group to learn that analysts are concerned that the information on the Islamic State is being distorted.
The investigation continues, the report issued on Thursday will be followed by new discoveries in this case.
Ministry of Defence ģenerālinspekcija Centcom intelligence activities carried out an investigation.
Intelligence Committee members of the administration of the Democratic Party on Thursday released its own report, which they agree on some Republican findings of the Group.
Democratic Representative Adams B. Šifs in his report, from 2014 to 2015 Centcom too limited intelligence assessment reports) and in conjunction with the Iraqi Security Spēkiem.
Šifa President, explains that this process "stopped the dissemination of information", has been exacerbated by analysts work ethic and "spread the truth inadequate facts."
But Šifs and Democrats added that there is no evidence that the White House has kept the pressure on the Centcom analysts to produce reports, according to the "previously established or political position."
The Daily Beast on Thursday published a Congress of the preliminary results of the investigation.
In August, The New York Times reported that the Pentagon ģenerāinspekcija launched an investigation after the Centcom analysts complaints.
Pentagon spokesman lieutenant commander Patrick Evans announced that the Pentagon will not comment on the report to Congress, while the investigation continues.
He added that experts sometimes different interpetē complex data, and the Ministry of Defense and Intelligence Agency calls for a constructive dialogue on a vitally important national security issues.
The investigation does not apply only to the question of whether the American-led the bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful (statement, which is increasingly the representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year the prosecution calls into question whether President Obama can fully rely on Central pārvaldniecības reports on the military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticising the Islamic State intelligence recalls more than ten years old when the events of Centcom intelligence analyst General Gregory Hūkers published a study claiming that Mr George W. Bush administration launched the Afghanistan war, too little in the way of thinking about the possible consequences.
Hūkers also played a significant role in the Islamic State intelligence at the opening of the issue.
Last year, official representatives of reported that Hūkera team revealed that, in contrast to the public reports of air strikes Islamic State oil facilities are not significantly worsened the terrorist group's financial situation, because they had been built temporary factory in order to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported that the September edition of this discovery has come from outside the Central pārvaldniecības walls.
The then Centcom commander General Loids Ostins III, received sharp criticism, because many of the law makers believed that war reports describe the situation too positive.
In April General Ostins atvaļinājās and his place was General Joseph L. Votel.
the US game with the Great Britain women's field Hockey Championships, winning the US, thereby achieving the fourth win in a row.
The day after the victory over Japan with 6: 1, on Thursday Katie Bama scored the first two goals of the US women's field hockey team's advantage when amerikānietes beat the Indian team with 3: 0.
Five gateway neaizmirstams gains in two games is an achievement, but the 27 years old Bama said that they have trouble remembering or something she ever had already failed.
She said: "I have no idea."
"I am not one of those people that the number of their goals.
But she knows that the result: the American Olympic Games is a 4: 0, which gives them their group Stadium with Britain, which on Thursday after the victory over Japan with 2: 0 remained neuzvarēta.
Britain and the US will meet on Saturday to izspēlētu in the last game of the first round of games.
The two teams are already have ceturtdaļfinālam and the game will only, whose team will play the first of six teams in the group and the second.
The winner of the slightly longer avoid meeting with strong Dutch team, which is the other group leader.
Even as well as comfort on Saturday game amerikānietes has already led to the surprise of the storm, when four years ago in London remained in last place from 12 teams.
It was also the Bama team
She grew up Blūbelā, field hockey stick for the first time she picked up in the hands of 3 years of age (her older twin sisters have already dealt with this sport Drekselā) and joined the national team when she was 16 years old by becoming the youngest player in the history of the sample.
She was not at the 2008 Olympic Games, as was not final.
But 2012 was an unfortunate her and her team.
Next year, the volleyball coach was appointed Judge Bernadette Farnan sentenced Parhams Englishman and things began to change for the better.
Bama called it a "culture, mentality and the physical change."
in London we neieguldījām so much work, as now.
We have changed everything.
Ceturdienas playing Bama opened the results, achieving the goals in the first half with the rear shots from close distance.
India started the game without a victory in his account, but their team was very tough and held a minimal results 0: 1 until the third period, when the Bama repeatedly scored goals.
She was preceded by a ball pretinieču even Square area on the left side, then be tied to the court of the middle ground and sending the ball with his right hand pretinieču amerikānietes 2: 0.
The fourth period in the middle of Melisa Gonzalesa scored yet.
This was the first US vārtsardzes Džekijas Brigas dry game in each of the first three games has allowed by one goal.
She is ieskrējusies.
And as is also Bama.
"We are going very well," said Pahams, but exactly how well, will show the game on Saturday.
the period of depression nomācošākais food is "Sātīgā" meals
1933 in March, shortly after his election as president of the Frenklins Delano Roosevelt ovālajā withholding room, sat down to a meal.
President Rūzveltam It tasted fine culinary delikateses such as goose liver pastēte or fuagrā and Maryland turtles soup.
But today his meals were far more modest on small: carrying eggs, potatoes and tomatoes are immersed biezputra desertā - pear pudding.
Jane Ziegelmane said: "This is a way to show solidarity with the people of gastronomy that times were very hard."
Her husband It Kou adds: "It is also a message to the Americans, as should eat."
A couple of Brooklyn Heights district is food historians.
Kou last book "vegetable Sautējums" describes the Chinese cuisine in America, but Ziegelmane in his book "97 Apple" describes life through the dish to rent in Manhattan eastern lejasdaļā.
Their new joint work "Sātīgā meals," which will be published on Tuesday, the publishing house Harper, is the story of the American meals during the Great Depression.
With a degree of solidarity on gastronomy, they had a meal together reporters "Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop", in a simple lunch ēstuvē Flatironas, which is located in the district and operates from 1929, at the start of a great depression.
54 years old Ziegelmanes President ordered sviestmaizi kausēto sakapātām with cheese and olives and 57 years old Kou commissioned a turkey, potatoes and vegetables biezputru salad.
When the reporter was commissioned by counterfeit riders, the couple admitted that his choice is a very appropriate conversation about the Great Depression time meals.
Ziegelmanes President said that the bogus bird was very popular.
There was a Peanut the hare, liver bird and beans bird.
They were made from the basic and other ingredients that have enriched the meal.
Iedomājies, as it is eaten so much zemesriekstus so that they would have lunch instead.
Mr Kou novaibstījās.
"I suppose it seemed that the stomach is full of lead," he added.
Pirmsdepresijas years the American dinner table was akin to a Swedish table, especially in rural areas.
Women are prepared to eat their husbands-workers and for breakfast, lunch and dinner so served fresh made sacepumi.
the First World War, the Americans sent directly to the Europeans meals. "Sātīgā meals" describe how Americans pielāgojās circumstances, when America was suddenly no longer the land of plenty.
"At the time, food became the main focus of the popular sites on a daily basis," says Mr Kou, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write directly on the subject.
Equally important became the new budgetary diet: The unknown dishes as bogus hare and sautējumi became a daily life, sautējumi was "an excellent way to use the leftovers," noted Ziegelmanes President, as chefs could bury nepievilcīgās ingredients below krēmīgas sauces.
Svaigos fruit was replaced by cheap žāvētie fruit.
MEAT, which for years was a key part of the American meals, now became extremely rare luxury goods.
At a time when the number of calories and nutritional value of food was more important than the taste, the birth of the new, even unprecedented arrangements.
How ancient pavārgrāmatā Ziegelmanes President found a prescription, and cook with Peanut butter pildītus sīpolus.
Mr Kou added: "This was not a popular addition to the dinner table."
Mrs Ziegelmanes said: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and fish sīpols are not compatible.
Many of the homes recipes piemērojās difficult times.
These households economists as in Stanley, Federal Office of the Head of Household economy from 1923 to ensure no political authority can interfere, noteicas the country's eating habits, which had not been seen before, not after the Great Depression.
The publication of stories and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they recommended the housewives to become "ekonomistēm" and to adopt such challenges as into pasta and carrot miksli garšīgā maltītē.
"Sātīgā Maltīte" is a historic gardumu mielasts.
Particularly interesting is evidence of the government's treatment of its own to hungry citizens, for example, President Herberta Hūvera "let me eat cake" attitude.
Although he spoke publicly about his childhood and simple meals Iowa, in fact he ate as a fine Millionaire, on which he had become.
Mr Kou said: "He loved the European cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce."
He ate almost apzeltītā viesistabā, wearing dinner coat.
He was completely detached from reality.
President Roosevelt would have made the same mistake, unless his wife Eleonora would not recommended him to set an example with his stomach.
The book told that Roosevelt nolīdzis domestic workers, who nemācēja prepare to eat, and with it the White House became a place "where not only was presented one of the visnegaršīgākajiem meals in Washington, but also the worst pagatavotajiem".
As soon as the country's economy atkopās, the majority of the Depression era culinary Parašas disappeared.
But we continue to focus on the energy and nutritional value, as well as how to apply the science of gastronomy, added Ziegelmanes President.
The couple are told that writing the book, they took on a greater understanding of Ziegelmanes's mother eating habits, for example, why she was unable to throw out meals.
"She really was afraid to throw out food," said Mr Kou.
Mrs Ziegelmanes said: "She actually tracināja people."
Once upon a time, was the incident with the wind kūkām.
When we eat Eisenberga ēstuvē, writers a couple pulled out of bags at home: Either desertu pear 'by President Roosevelt tend to eat lunch.
"This is a pear putukrējums Ziegelmanes," the President said, adding that at the time was the widespread habit of modest meals to give šiku name.
It is not only putukrējuma, prunes, a bit of flour, sugar, water and Kanēlis.
All the impatient trieca bitterness brūnajā tangled, located on the plates.
Surprisingly, it was not so bad.
Mr Kou apēda a few.
Izklausoties after a sophisticated "economist wife", he said: "We could šķipsniņa samaltu hazelnut."
Gilead will receive a refund on legal expenses in the fight with Merck on Hepatīta C patent
District judge has decided that Gilead Sciences Inc will receive a refund of the cost of lawyers, which it paid in the case of Hepatīta C patent breaking against the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was justified in the case of 200 million pound fines for breaking two Merck patents, which it threatened in connection with the successful Sovaldi and Harvoni pills, after the US Federal judge found violations Merk activities, such as lying on oath and other unethical practices.
The proceedings on Thursday, US district judge Bets Labsons Frīmens said that Gilead has the right to claim compensation for legal expenses incurred is in this case.
Merck is trying to gain positions in the market against Gilead, which dominate the market for the new generation of Hepatīta C medicinal products that are effective in 90% of cases of liver disease.
The case was launched in 2013, when Gilead and Merck took each other, trying to gain ownership of jaunizstrādāto the active components of sofosbuvir, which is a key component in Gilead.
US forces atbalstīties says that have taken full control of Manbidžas the city from the Islamic State.
supported by US forces have gained full control over Manbidžas north, on the border with Turkey and the last Islamic State militants have fled the city, a spokesman said on Friday.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) šobrīt is clearing the city from the last enemy combatants, who have not yet left the city.
They have cleared more than 2,000 civilian hostages, which was being held by militants, the news agency Reuters said Sharfan Darwish from SDS allied Manbidžas Military Council.
"The city is totally in our control and we complete cleaning operations," he told Reuters.
they have reached the 10.75 million in income in 2015 and paid $34.2 percent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton on Friday issued a 2015 tax returns, which shows that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband, this year has earned $10.75 million and paid federal tax rate 34.2 percent.
the 2015 time Clinton has donated $1 million, mainly for its have charitable organisation; former President Bill Clinton has earned about $5.3 million, speaking as spīkeris and the former secretary of state made $3 million in income from his books on their work, published in the National Departementā in cooperation with "Simon & Schuster."
Clinton's electoral ally - Virginia Republican US Senator Tim Keynes and his wife Anna Holtone has published his tax returns for the last 10 years.
in 2015, they paid the federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Keynes continues to install new standards for financial caurredzamībai", in its statement, said the Clinton campaign partner Jennifer Palmieri.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump, in stark contrast to hide behind the various pretexts and reservations, so as not to have to keep its promises to disclose their tax information.
Nomaksāto tax disclosure of information is recorded the practice of the US presidential candidates, but it does not require law.
New York deal maker Trump and his lawyers for reasons of tax information neatklāšanai min The revenue service audit.
"Yours", in its tvītā, which found Clinton's tax information, said the Clinton campaign partner Ians Sams.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Kohens told CNN that he will not allow Trump to publish the tax information will not be completed before the audits.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other Republicans in the claims that his refusal to raise questions about the extent of his real estate, the donation amounts and other his business commitments, including commitments with Russia.
Clinton poured the fire, the publication of the video on Friday, where a number of prominent Republicans in the calls for Trump to publish his tax information.
She once again returned to this issue of economic Rinas time on Thursday in Michigan.
She announced to the crowd: "He refuses to do what for decades has done the rest of the presidential candidates."
Politico reported that, in the 1990s, during the two years he has been paying very little or no taxes and on Friday, the New York Times reported that business column, the author of many accountants and lawyers, believes that even today, nothing has changed.
Federal tax rate is a key issue in the presidential election.
Clinton, by supporting the billionaire businessman Varena Baffeta proposal, promotes the idea that anyone who earn more than $1 million a year, to pay a tax rate of at least 30%.
The proposal also supports President Barack Obama.
Last week, Clinton's speaking time Omahā, Nebraskā, which is also based in his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate, Baffets called on Trump to exchange tax declarations.
Baffets said that he too is carried out in the Revenue Service audits and Trump are afraid of the voters, rather than the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released the tax information up to 2007.
Now Clinton live Čapakvā, in New York and in the period from 2007 to 2014 have paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent and the total tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
they have the 2015 tax review shows that, unlike the majority of Americans, only 100 dollars from their income is salary.
Their main investment was low cost index fund, from which Clinton is EUR 0.34 per share in dividends received $109,000.
Reportāžu by Kevin Dravbaughs Vzgyad Jonathan Otis;
Jewish film director criticises the hotel in Berlin on Israeli calling code disconnection, after what drew strong demand - RT News
Jewish origin of French film director has raised the storm on social media, which revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin is not available in Israel calling code, the hotel staff to justify the Arab customer requirements.
Claude Lancmans, documentary films about the Holocaust "Shoah" director, have made no secret of their displeasure with the Berlin Kempinski Bristol hotel and made an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his recent visit to Israel was found Lancmans tried calling code the hotel's list.
But this is a country that was not included in the list of countries to which can call the hotel directly from the number.
How is it possible that in 2016, the new German capital, Berlin, and Israel must be destroyed?
writes Lancmans.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol Hotel offers a call this country through its call centres.
The demanded an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancmans writes that received the answer "shocked" him.
Hotels administrator explained that "it was a conscious hotel management decision".
Koda drawdown cause even more saniknoja film director.
"Most of the guests are Arabs, and they called for the deletion of the code," Lanzmans quotes a hotel employee.
Suddeutsche Zeitung reported that the Israeli ambassador to Germany Jakovs Hadas-Handelsmans this case was described as a "great shame".
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
This in itself is a great shame.
And the fact that it has happened just in Germany, it is in this hotel, the network is yet more humiliation.
Legend is not necessary.
He said: "We hope that the hotel izdarīz the right conclusions."
This event was quite a broad repercussions on the Internet, where people described it on the scandal.
Other believes that the Kempinski Hotel was simply izdabājusi Arab customers.
Another recording of "shame on you", indicating that the hotel is located next to the Kurfurstendamm Street sinagogai.
Vardy, Der Spiegel reported that the same hotel quickly rejected all accusations, saying that it was "a misunderstanding" and apologised Lancmanam.
"There was never a direct order bijuša Israel to be removed from the list of national numbers," Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes the Kempinski representative.
And to add that the code again had to be added to the list.
The police used rubber bullets and tear gas against protestējošiem Brazil students.
Students and police collision took place on Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo in Brazil, where students gathered to protest against the government's education reforms to the system.
The police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students.
The problems began when law enforcement personnel tried izdzenāt students, as a result of which the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
There were several hundred students, to show their displeasure at the education reforms to the system.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmina proposal seeks to close nearly 100 public schools, while 300 000 students will be moved to other schools with a view to save money.
Some of the demonstrators zīmēja on the walls with graffiti messages against interim President Michael Temeru.
The protest was only a few days after the previous protest demonstrations, when students gathered to show support for her atstādinātajai Dilmai Rousefai, which passed in the Senate.
Scott Kallums Skiners finišē the first gold medal for Britain, bringing testing
Kallums Skiners of Scotland was the first men's cycling team sprintā Rio velodromā races, which took place last night, the British team defending their championship title, which they won in the 2012 London Games.
23-year-old Englishman from Glāsgovas have played an important role in During this race, making a proud the legendary Scottish Sir Chris Hoju noceļot favorītiem and win in New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain was a shocking victory, Hojam winning five of their six Olympic gold medals.
And they also reiterated the World Championships in London, despite the fact that a male Hojs had already finished their careers.
The problems began when between Beijing and London Olympic Games had to replace the experienced starting specialist Jamie Stafu.
They did it at the last minute.
Hoja retirement created the vacancy notice, which sought to fill Kians and Emadi's Kramptons.
British coaches expectations were at stake on Skineru, seeing his potential, which he later also live up to.
Hindes and Kenny - champions, who four years ago for 2016 with Hoju and Skiners, who set a record for Olympic qualification, but the race better launched the New Zealand team.
But the British trio, however, won the gold medal.
Hindes after his round was close nine, Kenny league and Skiners this leadership saved.
The strategy shift, played an important role in the win, Hindesam driving with more gear to allow Kanijam and in particular Skineram to drive faster.
Hojs signs watching the BBC representative and noķēra Skinera, Kenya and Hindesa mesh sights at the moment when they hit for her.
23-year-old Glāzgovietis said: 'It was an honour. "neizsakāms
the EU do what capacity and defend his name.
IP we set the Olympic record and uzveicām World champions.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better victory.
After the victory with Kenya and Hoju in the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Hindes admitted that it is deliberately fallen on track after the failed launch.
Later he this comment and demolished the British competitors did not manage to prove the veracity of his previously said.
this starring in both negadījās such incidents.
Hindes said: "With all the British flag stands, the feeling was like in London."
Over the last 3 months, we all became members of the team.
We have lost so many World championships, so to win the Olympic Games was really something special.
One medal races in the country, which won seven of the 10 gold medals testing in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is our last five months of progress, then the next five days will be very exciting.
The performance, which showed Kenny, repeat Hoja three Olimpiskos zeltus is far from impossible.
Kenny it would mean six won gold and one silver medal. Moreover, and Kenny was born on 23 March (it seems that it is the British sacrosanct date, because in this day is born and Steve Regreivs, Mo Farahs and Roger Banisters).
this date is also Hojs was born.
Kenya next sacīkste is a sprint, which starts today and will continue for the next three days.
28-year-old Englishman from Boltonas said: "Today, I just enjoy it all.
"The journey is always the best.
Because it can win, together with the team members.
To be honest, then won one is a little lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he will get two more gold medals, they should be appointed Knights round."
That day it was the only fight for the medals, but they were not the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bredlijs Vigins Klensijs, EDS, Steve Burks and Oveins Douls were the quickest qualifying time of four kilometres iedzīšanā četriniekiem.
Their time was 3: 51.943
World record, which was set up in London in 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round will take place today and the final day of the second half, where Vigins, certainly, will be the centre of attention.
Yesterday, before the qualifications of the journey he had disagreements with komisariātu when judges he summoned to measure his height.
The trip, which turpināsiesu and will end today, Laura Trota, Joanna Rovsela Šanda, Elinora Barkere and Katie Arčibalda from Milngavijas put up a new rekordlaiku 4: 13.260.
The British delegation is now relying on their cycling team, so that it now has a medal Olipisko games.
After a really excellent and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone is waiting for the same achievements in Rio.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes have gone differently, after allegations of sexism among and dignity insulting, withdrew Technical Director Šeins Satons, as well as atvaļinājās Hoja and Victoria Bendletona.
But now, after starting the first velodroma race, is starting to look like the British, as usual, will get a grip on itself, when it is needed most.
Portland kausētavas's future is uncertain, when an ambitious agreement is terminated.
Aluminium kausētavas and hundreds of its employees in the future Portlendā, Victoria has become blurred, where energy company, which was its main client, announced the suspension of cooperation.
This announcement follows the Victoria government plans to end subsidies for energy companies, which is vitally important to the company can continue to work.
20 years of subsidies will be suspended in November.
So the more than 2000 Alkoas Portland factory jobs are now at risk.
Endangered could be up to 2000 both direct and indirect jobs.
In addition, it also be unpredictable side effects, because kausētava accounts for about 10 per cent of all of Victoria's electricity supply.
in 2014 Alcoa shut the Point Henry smelter, which led to the power plant Angleseas recess.
Portland Alkoas kausētava working with losses and could be closed.
These events are followed by several years of speculation about the rise in the value of the Australian dollar and factory production costs.
On the energy supplier AGL, supplying energy from their Loy Yang A power station Latroubes Ielejā, says that the other three owners are more likely to go out of their contracts.
Most of the power plant is owned by two companies - Alco and Alumia, in addition to the company's shares are also China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp-scale holdings at present company.
"AGL expects to Portland factory, which would mean the continuation of the future energy supply kausētavai," said the spokesman.
AGL said that the contracts are the so called "the risk of restrictive kontrakti ', which is scheduled to come into effect from November 2016.
contracts are the validity period of 12 months, so they will be in force until 2017.
"AGL expects that these kontrakti will continue to bear the income for the 2017 fiscal year," said a spokesman.
From FG18 potential income risks are limited to the green energy prices in the wholesale market of the future.
AGL says that the projections are already ierēķinājis losses of $187 million, provided that these contracts will be terminated.
Alcoa reported that the decision to terminate the contracts will not be affected by Alcoa opportunities to continue kausētavas activities or to supply it with energy.
US company reported that in 2010, it concluded the contract with the Loy Yang on November 20 years ago, but it will be interrupted. The company has not provided an explanation as to why it will suspend cooperation.
Analysts have expressed concern about the possible closure of the Portland kausētavas Victoria and Tomago factory closure near Ņūkāstlas, due to the adverse situation in this industry.
AGL CEO Steven Mikelsons last week said that, after analysts' estimates Portlenda year spent 600 megavatus and Tomago 900 megavatus energy.
If both of these plants are leaving the energy market, it means a considerable drop in energy demand.
And it would not be good.
Komūnas legal centre every year rejects 160 000 people.
Every year are being rejected more than 160 000 people's requirements, and a decrease in the budget, the situation could deteriorate.
three out of five people Kvīnslendā - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the resources to combat illegal eviction, denied free legal assistance and representation.
Komūnas legal centre, which is already overloaded, warns that a decrease in funding, the situation will only become worse.
From next June these legal centres will receive a 30% less funding than before.
Queensland Legal Centre director James Farels said that the latest report from the National Legal Centre Asociācicijas a strong message that is currently legal aid is being denied the thousands of people who need it.
Mistrs Farels said, if this decision will not be abandoned, then the situation will only become worse.
He also says: "Queensland Legal Centre is constantly being provided insufficient funding, which means that the aid is being denied the thousands of people who need it."
People who are trying to put an end to the violent relationships, people with deep debt, families who are going through a divorce, the workers who unfairly dismissed - all these people is of a legal nature and this report shows that they are not getting the help they need.
From June 2017, the federal government will reduce the funding of 30 per cent, which means that there are thousands of Queensland's population will have to deal with the complexity of its legal problems without assistance.
We are calling on the Attorney General and the Queensland Senatoru George W. Brandisu to immediately suspend funding cuts to people in need of legal aid, it can get.
Last year, the government revealed its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average.
Now is the time to draw attention to the local Commune and their customers' needs and Palazčuka the Government to invest in this important field.
Donald Trump's campaign is iesūdzēta in court, because one of the staff are izvilcis firearm
New York: Donald Trump's campaign is iesūdzēta in court, because it was not acted upon information that its operations in North Carolina driver turned firearm against an employee kadr February, they travelled for one car.
This incident was described in court on Wednesday's court summons Šarlotes by Vincent Bordini - a former campaign programmētājs.
Bordini said that he has been waiting for months, that the case would be dealt with within the campaign, to understand that this will not happen.
The driver Earls Philippe "reportedly pulled a pistol, threw his right forefinger to pull and pavērsa expels Vincenta Bordini against any more," said in its complaint.
He also said, after having made a complaint vietājā and regional campaign managers, Bordini became aware that other people have seen such events.
"weapons are not jāizšauj in order to create the damage," said Bordini in its complaint.
Only two days before the submission of this case, the Republican presidential candidate, caused a scandal by informing people that "Second Amendment people", i.e. gun owners and across could take action if the election defeat his rival Hillary Clinton and elected judges.
Trump's campaign announced that the media is izvilkuši his words out of context and that he never any kūdījis to violence.
Bordini with its request wants to sue for compensation from the campaigns of reckless and supervision of the unorthodox - attack, unlawful use of a weapon and emotional distress.
Trump's spokesman Houps Hiks did not immediately reply or comments.
Attempts to contact the Filipsu is not successful.
WCCB - Šarlotes local news agency reported that Philip has recently left the campaign.
Tāpt failed called his advisory firms "New means of Professional Services".
Republican candidate Donald Trump is the Bruins for the whole of the controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini against Donald J. Trump for President Inc. 16-CS-14300, Chief Justice, Mecklenburg (Šarlotes) of the Supreme Court of Auditors.
A new tradition - Municipality and sports festivals Ķūļciemā.
On Saturday Ķūļciemā for the first time people gathered for Municipality and sporting celebrations.
After ten years svinēšanas this time, it was decided that the festive Ezera will no longer.
A new page either is constructed.
The day began with the sports competitions.
This time the race was not the traditional ways too serious and significant, because, for example, had to be objective, šautriņas guļošā zābaks flew, with the man's left hand thrown, "bumbuļošanas" there has not been any Olympic Games.
However, each participant was able to show how strong, brave, quick and attapīgs he is.
After sports games all gathered in an open-air estrādē Municipality, which started in celebration.
In the meantime, worked well 'child' corner ', where small could izdauzīties piepūšamajās atrakcijās grimētavā and to obtain a new image of the face.
What is new, which could also become a tradition, was braucamrīku parade, which went both tractors and motorcycles.
All addressed Ķūļciema Municipality Administration head Inga Kadiķe-Skadiņa who wished the rest of nice and dry periods, and yet uzlija of rain, but it was nothing much upset.
Svētki Ķūļciema sveikšanu continued with the latest population.
Indeed, good that pagasts is compounded with five girls and one puisīti.
There was arrived at ķūļciemniekiem amatiermākslas collectively from Engures circles - viewers loved seniors dance clusters "Autumn ritmi", folk dance performers "Redas" and the young dancers "Golden jewels" performances.
And that nothing that the lights were also on the scene of a paslīdēt.
Of course, local people and ciemiņiem joy was a famous actors duo John Jarāns and Dainis Porgants, who was once again and Skaidrīte Mildiņa Nabiņa Krāniņa Bērzciema atraktīvās, as well as the wife of the fishermen's back "Dieniņas".
Balli played the group "Bruģis".
Britain is to maintain the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow.
Heathrow will not only contribute to the prosperity and growth in local areas and in London, but also across the country.
That I think made the Heathrow very attractive, just as happened with the London 2012, where we made an enormous effort to from the Olympic Games would benefit all the regions of the country.
Stratforda and Īstenda won an awful lot of the Olympic Games.
And we will do it again, with local people and companies with business opportunities near Heathrow.
Local komūnām alone we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40 000 new jobs and finally put a stop to youth unemployment at Heathrow in the vicinity.
Just as it was at the London Olympic Games in 2012, and this time there will be people who will argue that this challenge is too high and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious.
People said that Britain will never fail to prepare for the Olympic Games, and that it will be a global failure.
The sceptics wrong for 2012 and also the Heathrow case, they will not be true.
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow so far has overcome everything.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is infrastructure project, which will benefit the whole of society, rather than individuals.
enlargement is the opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, economic growth 211 billion, creating the soil and employment, and experience in the airport and across Britain.
Heathrow, we have an excellent team, which has led to 11 billion pounds' worth of infrastructure investment programme, which falls within the time limit and budget from the terminal 5, which five years from the site has been named the best airport terminal in the world and finally with terminal 2, which is built between two more intensively used skrejceļiem in the world.
Now they are ready for a third runway, which will be funded with private investment 16 billion pounds per year.
in the 2012 London Olympic Games was a great success and I am sure that will also be the Heathrow expansion.
the time has come for us to revive the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new environment with employment, with which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deitons is at Heathrow and a former member of the Board of the Economic Ministry commercial secretary.
Switzerland woman designs for the lielceļa in an attempt to commit suicide.
to nogūlās lielceļa Cietusī in the middle of the night.
Police are trying to find witnesses on Thursday, when early in the morning to lielceļa her car was across a number of machines.
The accident took place on Thursday shortly after midnight on the A1 road near the town of Morges Vo kantonā.
Vo kantona polcijas report says that desperately wanting to commit suicide, the woman was apgūlusies on the road in the dark, where he roared several machines.
clearly trying to kill themselves, victims, 49 years old Swiss man, roared several cars, including the truck.
She died at the scene.
A number of accidents involved drivers have already given evidence, but the others involved have not yet been established, say police, who calls to drivers and witnesses involved in the accident.
Case has launched a criminal investigation, which in this case is a logical step, edition Le Tribune de Geneve said the lawyer Gilles Hofsteller.
However, it is still not known whether any of the drivers will be punished.
Is it was possible to avoid a collision?
Hofstetters added: "It will seek a prosecutor."
Two similar incidents that have occurred over the past 5 years, shows that none of the drivers will not be brought to account.
In both cases, the gājējs in the middle of the night was served on lielceļa, therefore, it was decided that drivers can predict that will be located in the middle of the night to lielceļa gājējs, the newspaper said.
Last year, a policewoman was justified killing recklessly when in August 2014 his for a man who was lying in the middle of the night on the A1 road near Paijernes.
Court of Justice found that 22 year old victim had been drinking and later pamanījies aizmigt on the road.
the Court concluded that the policeman, who was on the way to the scene of the incident, was driving conditions in an appropriate way, and the judge said that guļošais a man on the road was "completely unpredictable and an exceptional case."
Anyone who has information about the incident which took place on Thursday near Morges, is asked to contact the police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
The Internet is collecting signatures to the new head of the competition for the organization.
Petitions portal "Avaaz.org signature collection of a new National revenue Service (SRS), head of the competition for the organization.
The, addressed to the National Alliance (N / A) and the Union of Greens and Farmers) ministers, indicated that the public want transparent and professional appointments process.
Petīcija a 10.augustā, and it is currently signed up to 55 people.
Revenue Service's office pretendentes Ingas had the nomination process is necaurspīdīgs and unprofessional.
This brings to mind the best of the Soviet Union's fundamentalist traditions.
It undermines public administration and once again puts the public disappointed in the government and politicians.
"it is necessary for the contest with clear benchmarks against which to all candidates," according to the text of the petition.
Its author John B. indicated that the public is not aware of the criteria, as Kolegova chosen for the post.
It is not clear, and that is, what are the intentions of the work of the candidates for Revenue Service.
The states that the State Chancellery building new, open competition, which is being actively targeted professional candidates, attracted by and have a proper wages.
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola last week formally announced Kolegova SRS chair, this week the government was expected to endorse him in his new post, but all of the Party Unity ministers voted against, so the question of the week was postponed.
Samoilovs: If we lost, so badly nospēlēju.
Pludmales volleyball Aleksandrs Samoilovs and Janis Smedins hoped to award the Rio Games, however, without being on it, there is no difference, which place to finish the race, after withdrawing from the tournament expressed Samoilovs.
One of the world's most powerful couples on Thursday classy beach volleyball tournament final and decisive game with 1-2 (16: 21, 22: 20, 7: 15) lost the Brazilians Evandru Gonsalvešam Oliveira and Pedru Solbergam Salgadu up do their participation in the biggest sports forum.
In three subgroups in Latvian athletes scored one victory, but an even ratio was still two couples.
He was skaitīta three pairs of small) ratio, which in this match after the deal was a convincing's most endangered situation was exactly the Latvian duetam.
"In the first year we were under the guidance of 16: 15, but it also were still on 16 points, the pace of the game," recalled Smedins.
Even do not know how the remainder in seta were still without points.
It may not play.
Then in the second set everything was fine and seta Dairis managed to break out of the game, and it was to be a good basis for the third setam.
It began with similar, but after samainījāmies parties, the result was recorded only one team.
We had too many errors in the attack.
Apakšgrupā all teams had similar, almost all the games were three seti, so it was a small points.
"You ought to play līdzīgāk rather than on several occasions to 3-4 points in a row," said the Englishman.
We knew that may be Evandru uzservēt.
"The first set was to deal with it in the second ielaidām 1-2 points to + 4 in the third, but already he went away game," recalled Smedins.
Mēģinājām to show the best game.
At times came, sometimes not.
Kopvērtējuma situation before the match, but it was known that should have been as much as possible in the small points.
"If we lost, so badly," said nospēlēju Samoilovs.
From Evandru waited for the benefit of the second, and with it the first setos also coped pretty well, but in the third he atvērās serve and it was difficult to attack.
Meanwhile, I made a mistake in the reception much directly to Pedru serves, but it had to be managed.
Samoilovs said that, in contrast to the previous You today athletes were not nervozitātes.
"Gājām, played, the protection was, however, should have been better serves the reception," said the Englishman.
"They played very well and has already met at the end of" urrā "."
Before the tournament already immediately said that izloze is neērtākā what could have been.
We had the chance to fight for first place, but were not even out of the group.
"All of us expected a medal and we, too, of course, but afterwards it was no longer differences - 25.vieta or the fourth," said Samoilovs, who predicted that the duo will continue to play together in the future.
I think that the issue will not be and will continue to play together, because this is the only one tournament.
Samoilovam in Rio de Janeiro was already the third Olympic games in his career, because he was in Beijing for 2016, together with Mārtiņu Pļaviņu, but four years ago in London, played with for Sorokinu.
In the meantime, Šmēdiņam this was the second starts Olimpiādē.
Latvenergo followed by a gas the process of market opening and the potential of the trader's positions.
The energokompānija Latvenergo followed by a gas the process of market opening from both the consumer and the potential of the trader's positions, said company spokeswoman Ivita Bidere informed.
"The decision on whether the future Latvenergo gas market will join as well as a trader, will determine how much gas market model and the legal framework will be created."
"So from my side to actively engage in the legislative building and komentēšanā as well as submit their proposals," said Bidere.
The agency BNS already wrote that the Ministry of Economic Affairs (EM), in collaboration with the Public Utilities Commission and energokompāniju "Gas" drawn up by the Cabinet of Ministers of Latvia's draft rules "natural gas trading and use the rules" that will change the existing natural gas market principles of action from 2017 natural gas 3.aprīļa giving users the right to freely choose natural gas trader.
As part of the new natural gas market regulation, EM is aimed at natural gas sales to make the process as simple as possible and understandable to the user.
So as the most effective and user the most convenient service solution chosen "trader centriskais model" in which all activities related to customer services are provided by the trader - one contract, one of the bill and one of information security and customer service, the distribution system operator in terms of leaving the natural gas distribution system of technical issues.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in the electricity trade.
The justification for household users for the gradual opening of the market - well after the 2017 3.aprīļa they household users who will not want to choose other natural gas traders will be able to continue to receive natural gas from the existing trader on regulated prices, thus becoming associated users.
"In this case, the duty to supply natural gas associated users on the regulated price is down to the public to the trader", was informed by the Ministry.
Meanwhile, operators will have to choose natural gas trader, which shut down the natural gas sales contract.
The natural gas marketing agreement for a certain period of the operators of the natural gas trade will provide the natural gas trader on its fixed price.
Cabinet of Ministers of the project in detail in the natural gas trader, the system operator and users' rights and obligations.
The rules governs users supplying natural gas and cut its supply of safe use of natural gas system requirements, the trader, public trader, the system operator, gazificētā user of the site and the owner of the rights and obligations of the natural gas supply and use; how to be settlement of services received, the start of the interest level, dealers and users in exchange for the supply of natural gas supply disruptions; how the natural gas supply associated users provide public trader.
Vēsākais morning since June, places temporarily in the rain.
On Friday saullēktā temperatures almost all of Latvia is + 6... + 9 degrees, two night Mērsragā registered + 4.7 degrees, which is the lowest mark since 14.jūnija, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
Slightly above + 10 degrees Celsius temperatures at night remained only in Liepaja.
Mākoņu of the country as a whole is a small, temporary seats in the rain, more closely in Kurzeme and Ziemeļvidzemē.
Pūš slow southern wind.
Riga six in the morning air cooled to + 8... + 9 degrees, the international airport to + 6 degrees.
Pūš South, south-east wind of 3-5 metres per second.
Maximum temperatures on Thursday at the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center Observation Network was from + 15.2 degrees Residents to + 19.9 degrees in Rome.
On Friday, the sun mīsies with clouds.
Friday in Latvia will be relatively saulaina, gubu clouds places will bring a temporary file.
moderate Dominējot west of the wind, air percentage based to + 17... + 20 degrees.
in a cloud of places may lead to a temporary file, the sun air more heated so as to + 19 degrees.
Some Laikapstākļus down branch, atmospheric pressure 761-764 mercury staba milimetri at sea level.
Higher temperatures in Europe said on August 11 was + 38... + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
the coldest temperatures overnight -3... -8 degrees in the mountains of the northern and central part of.
detained various headquarters iereibušu and the armed man.
Latvian State Police on Friday arrested iereibušu various headquarters and the armed man, told the State Police spokeswoman Gita Gžibovska.
State Police received information about the fact that the various bulvāri walking inadequate man, who was armed with a weapon and looks very drunk.
Ekipāža, which went to call, suffered in a traffic accident, and a man was detained another ekipāža.
The iereibušā man found gas as a weapon.
As reported that on Friday, the rush to call, Riga have been at the centre of the State Police) machine.
The accident happened on a drive to the Category A call, or going to address the situation, which is a threat to human health or life.
However, the Barona street corner and Dzirnavu Street caused the collision with a car.
The minister: Next week is expected to rule on the Revenue wage increases.
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece- Ozola (the Union of Greens and Farmers) next week plans with Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis (Greens / Farmers) and the government's coalition partners to talk about the State Revenue Service (SRS) Director General of wage increases.
Reizniece- Ozola told reporters on Friday that the issue of the Revenue wage increases must be addressed as a matter of urgency to this post more attractive to potential applicants for a rerun of the contest.
The next week will be said about the tender conditions change.
The minister also stressed that she had in mind for a particular candidate, to speak to qualify for the vacant post.
At the same time, Reizniece- Ozola expressed the view that the State Environmental Service head Inga Kolegova would have been a good Revenue Service Director.
As for the current head of the Daci Pelēko Head, which has expressed its readiness to qualify for this post, Minister reiterated its view that the new Director General of the State Revenue Service should be "skatam from the sidelines" and it should not come from the Revenue Service structures.
She also stressed that waiting for the return of the Saeima leave as soon as possible, in order to move the amendments to the law, which requires the Revenue Service reorganisation.
The agency BNS already reported that the State Environmental Service head Inga Kolegova Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens / Farmers) submitted an application, which has withdrawn his candidacy to head office.
The application, she said, that it is not an easy option, but in the last two weeks of her relatives have experienced serious emotional pressure, although it has not carried out any of the law reprehensible actions.
It Kolegova said that her nominations for consultation has stoked controversy between the parties of the ruling coalition, which also is not acceptable.
So, too, that the previous head Inara Petersone Director at the end of June, the left office.
Oil prices continue to climb, rising stock indices in the US and Europe, as well as the US dollar value.
The price of oil in the world on Friday morning, continues to rise, investors' mood positive impact on Saudi Arabia's oil minister said, reinforcing expectations that the largest oil ieguvējvalstis September at the upcoming OPEC meeting will take action to stabilize the global oil market.
the three major US stock indices on Thursday reached a record level, which was recorded in the eastern Bosnian town since 1999 after winning
The main positive factor for the market was the oil price rises and a number of large companies are strong financial performance.
Oil prices rise of several companies and strong financial performance on Thursday was the reason for the European stock index rises.
the value of the US dollar rose against the euro on Thursday, against the British pound and against the Japanese yen.
in electronic trading on the New York Stock Exchange set the price of WTI crude oil supplies rose in September on Thursday on 1.78 USD 43,49 dollars a barrel.
"Brent" stamp price of crude oil supplies rose on the London Stock Exchange in October were dollars - until 46,04 dollars a barrel.
canning the manufacturer's "Blue sea there are salt marshes' turnover last year of 33.8%.
canning the manufacturer's "Blue sea there are salt marshes' turnover last year was €4,202 million, an increase of 33.8% less than a year ago, while the company's losses fell 5.7 times - until 904,7 thousands of euros, according to the database" Lursoft "published annual financial report.
The company's annual report says that in 2015 the company worked with the loss, due to a number of reasons, including a permanent working lack of funds, which was caused by a "part of the Bank 'departure from the Baltic market, breaking the previously existing credit lines, and leaving the" Blue lagoons "with contracts without the ability to comply with them.
Consequently, the company did not have sufficient funds to buy cheaper materials in large volumes and receive a volume discount.
The bank's departure from the Latvian market also denied the company to implement the European Union's structural aid projects, which would have allowed the plants to buy a new production equipment and to modernise infrastructure.
The company's financial indicators aizvadītājā year had a negative impact on commodity prices and the customer's reluctance to pay more for the goods produced.
"Only in the second half of July 2016 customers said price changes and were ready to buy the goods on the new - the highest - prices", says the company's leadership.
Similarly, in "Blue sea there are salt marshes" began discussions with potential investors, including the company's valuation of their movable and nekustamās of the estate.
Investors have already been at the company's largest creditor 'part of' Leasing ", where the parties are familiar and negotiated the potential investment plans.
At the same time, the company's activities and have a positive effect on the development in 2014 and in 2015 launched a restructuring and optimisation plan of life.
The plan included a technological process improvement and optimisation, which makes it possible to achieve greater productivity and production capacity.
"It was bought a number of facilities, which provides greater production speed", said the company's leadership.
"The blue sea there are salt marshes" 11.Direction notes that the contents of the equipment in 2016 will enable the company to carry out the orders of the plants, which until now was not possible.
The first batch of production, which will be produced on this equipment, will be ready in August.
As has already been signed voting protocols on product sales, the entire production will be sold in accordance with the intention of protocols.
The new product will increase the turnover of about 300 thousands of euros a month, "says the company's leadership.
August 2016, the company intends to sign a cooperation agreement on fisheries production supplies to Iraq.
"The blue sea there are salt marshes" in 2016 is aizsūtījusi the first experimental containers to Israel, extended the outlets to Cyprus and September this year will sign a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the US.
For all the above measures as a result of the company plans to increase the turnover.
In 2014 "Blue sea there are salt marshes" worked with 6,347 million in turnover and 5,113 million in losses.
"The blue sea there are salt marshes" is founded (1997) and its share capital is 1,156 million euros.
The company owns two of the Latvian individuals - Mikhail Kaidanovam (89.11%) and Igoram Širšonam (10,89%).
You are invited to pl. 15 at the Museum to see the film dīvu Zāru Leanderi and to take part in a press conference.
Riga can be seen in the film dievinātās dīvas Zāras Leanderes career start and inspiration of cities.
Zāras Lenderes ciemošanās to krustmātes Rutas, which was the Swedish Ambassador to Latvia, Riga in 1924 has turned out to be fatal, because she was a woman of extraordinary low Zāras Leanderes kontraltu, which she iemēģināja debitējot to Riga kabarē theatre.
Perhaps it accidental jaušība in Riga, became a fateful turn Zāras creative path towards a global reputation.
RIGA Zārai Leanderei associated with cosy memories, and she hoped to come to Riga viesizrādēs, but unfortunately these expectations were not destined to come true, since the Second World War began.
Using performances form, this meeting will be possible in 2016 and the excellent vacations Zāras Leanderes role iejutīsies excellent Ieva Kerēvica.
certainly Aglonas in the vicinity of the widespread traffic restrictions.
In order to ensure Vissvētākās of the Virgin Mary Debesīs reception of the celebration of player safety, with effect from the 12 August at 5 p.m. until 15 August 18.00 will be closed to trucks tranzītsatiksme by a number of public roads in the vicinity of Aglonas, was informed by the company in Latvia.
The Aglonas festive participants and public transport these restrictions will not apply.
It should be noted that the motorway P62 Krāslava-Preiļi-Madona stage from Krāslavas to Krāslavas station (0,80.-4,00. km) is taking place in the works and būvobjektu Aglonas festivities will be able to cross the only public transport and pedestrians.
For other road users traffic will be ensured by apbraucamo road - the scheme in the accompanying failā.
Traditionally, these festivities come to a large number of participants, including svētceļnieki.
Therefore, drivers should be particularly careful, because different road routes towards Aglonu will be intense pedestrian movement.
We call on drivers with understanding to treat invented by traffic restrictions, to respect the traffic organisations, as well as to count on a longer time.
the water temperature in all water slipped below + 20 degrees.
By the time the water temperature vēso will continue to fall, and are now in all of the rivers and lakes, as well as the sea it is below + 20 degrees Celsius, according to the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
In the sea water cooled to + 16... + 18 degrees, on the west coast of the Gulf of Riga wind affects the water temperature places slumped to + 13 degrees, Rojā moments to + 9 degrees.
Lielupē and Daugavā as well as large lakes of water temperature is + 18... + 20 degrees, the other in water + 14... + 19 degrees.
A year ago, the water temperature in the rivers and lakes 12.augustā places reached + 24... + 25 degrees, on the southern coast of the Gulf of Riga was up to + 22 degrees warm water.
Latvia's border near identified the Russian military aircraft.
Latvia's border near identified the Russian military aircraft, the agency BNS according to the armed forces.
Armed Forces informs that on Friday patruļlidmašīnas neitrālajiem over the Baltic Sea waters off the Latvian territorial sea borders identified Russian military aircraft IL-20 "."
The agency BNS repeatedly vēstījusi that Russian military aircraft and ships to the Maritime Forces of Latvia's borders are found on a regular basis.
Amusement Park in England happened sexual assault of two children.
England in the Berkshire town police looking for the attacker, who amusement park "Legoland" sexually used two of six-year old girl, according to the Daily Mail.
The police asked parents to explore the amusement park photographs, as possible in those shows the attacker.
throughout Europe been telling them about the parents.
Having been girls the unknown, white colour and about 20 years old.
The Kurdish activists in the German public broadcaster buildings.
30 people a Kurdish group on Thursday evening took a public broadcasters WDR buildings in Düsseldorf, where held almost two hours' protests, according to German police.
The demonstrators, who arrived with the various paņemtiem banners, chanted slogans, in an effort to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
The officials said that the demonstration largely been peaceful and the protesters after staff at the request of the buildings left at the end of the day, on a voluntary basis.
the insurer paid out compensation to passengers at the airport on Wednesday postponed avioreisa.
If Insurance paid out travel insurance fee to a family on Wednesday, 10 August at Riga airport cancelled flights, which had to withdraw from a planned visit to the music festival.
If Apdrošināšanā 11 August from a client was received the application.
The family had planned to go to a music festival in Belgium, but, whereas on Wednesday at the airport cancelled flights because it was not possible, the customer was invoiced compensation for naktsmītņu a reservation, which could no longer lift, as well as on the festival tickets purchased 204 euros.
Meanwhile, the money spent on plane tickets to customers has promised to reimburse the airline.
If Insurance from all the travel insurance policy premiums for an average of 15% of cases has paid compensation for travel disruption or cancellation.
"In these times are reimbursed for the ticket purchase, return or exchange, as well as on the accommodation bookings, says" If Insurance Personal risk insurance product manager Dagnija Rutka.
As you know, 10 August evening on the airport's runway because of technical problems stopped a private plane, so the only izlidojošie cancelled a number of flights, but a number of incoming flights had to divert to other airports.
The repair of a man is at sadrupušiem ceilings and forced to leave their homes.
ATV programme "4.studija" turned Dmitry Saidjaševs which neighbour started kapitālo repair in his apartment, and since then, Dmitri from the ceiling was drūp and not of the belief that it is safe to stay in the apartment.
The problem is that my neighbours carried out arbitrary construction and in my apartment is damaged ceiling.
Then I informed the Riga būvvaldi, house managers and other organisations.
Būvvalde said that we are not a call centre and we have no expert.
"Dzīvokļa owner has to go in Latvia's chief ally, and from there will be an expert," says Dmitry.
fiksējis regionIrancountry Pieaicinātais expert arrived, and admitted that pārsegums was unsatisfactory condition.
However, since the first Dmitry application būvvaldē a month, and by the beginning of this week it and no one was unable to answer, or the location of the apartment is not life.
Būvvaldē said - that is the law, allowing several, if you are not satisfied, contact all in a row.
"Then I wrote to the Riga City Council, but they forwarded the house manager, then back to the house manager būvvaldi and there is a stalemate," says Dmitry.
After all, the pile of paper, it is clear that the works had been suspended, while every time to hear that someone can work there.
Just two months, is said to have carried out the expertise and within six months, the owner of the apartment, which carries out repairs, all these defects were removed.
The independent expert in my opinion has drawn up, but būvvalde it is considered to be incomplete and superficial.
Clinton has not indicated whether it is addressed in this nesošajā to the construction of the existing metal režģojums, the belief that the lower apartment owner is a threat.
"That is why we have asked for further clarification from the expert", the story of the Riga city spokeswoman Ilze būvvaldes Žūka.
Despite the ban to carry out any repairs upper apartment, from there ever hear that construction will continue.
The punishment of arbitrary construction without building is from 70 to 700 euros, but in this case the sentence can be quite severe.
As long as is expected of the expert's opinion, būvvalde decided that the two apartments may not operate - and that is in the works, and Dmitry flat.
"This is in practice būvvaldes unprecedented in this way their ignorance or simply because of the reluctance of people, perhaps, created a threat not only in its possession, but also at the bottom of the property owner, as a result of which the owner cannot operate their own property," says spokeswoman būvvaldes.
Now Dmitri left to look for another place to live - to relatives, friends, in a hotel or rent another apartment.
But the losses incurred by Dmitry may try to recover from a neighbour's civil round, which can take a lot of time.
Patvaļīgās the construction of two apartments to stay at the moment is forbidden, to engineer will give its verdict, and it may have to wait up to three weeks.
The losses will be borne by the owner of the apartment, which underwent repairs.
This apartment owner because būvvaldes said, has not taken into account, is also in prison for up to six months.
Uzmini either!
How lauvēnu in this added?
The correct answer - five.
in Ukraine Demidovas zoodārzā near Kiev were born five white lauvēni.
Everyone feels good and sometimes uzšņāc overall, despite the fact that a common juvenile nourished.
Former Ķemeru health resorts transformation of the five-star hotel will cost €22 million.
Former Ķemeru convalescent transformation into a five-star hotel 'Park Hotel Ķemeri "will cost €22 million, the story of a future hotel manager' Park Hotel Ķemeri" representative Gita Zelve.
Hotels is the first Ķemeru the former convalescent reconstruction phase.
The second phase will be "wellness" or well-being a clinic, which is expected to reveal not, while the hotel opening in May 2018.
Zelve notes that the precise clinics costs currently is not yet known.
But she points out that it is located in the former Ķemeru opened clinics in the building, which has an area of about 12 000 square meters.
Klīnika will be located in three stories high.
"Park Hotel Ķemeri" and the planned clinics owner is the International Fund "G Capital Europe" investing in European assets.
"G Capital Europe" owners have a number of investors who invest money in this fund, Zelve.
As previously said "G Capital Europe" Executive Director George Džouns, the former health resort in a clinical setting planned to invest in the 12 to 15 million euros in total investment of over 30 million euros.
Rebels in the reconstruction of the historical and cultural Park more than 42 hectares, access roads and streets phase of reconstruction, the interactive nature tourism site is built, and parking areas labiekārtošanā built Emīla Dārziņa Street, which will contribute to Jurmala, socio-economic development and an increase in the number of tourists, Jurmala City Council is planning to attract from European Union funds €14.5 million in cofinancing with three to four million euros.
By the middle of 2017 for design works, but works and adjustment works will begin in the autumn of next year.
As reported, the historic health resorts complex "Ķemeri" planned to build a five-star hotel 'Park Hotel Ķemeri "and" wellness "wellbeing clinics.
However, the reconstruction protracted.
In a 2010 report even claimed that "Ominasis" regularly komunicējot with the Kempinski hotel operators' ', which continues to provide daily technical control of the Ķemeri sanatorijā', '', and already in 2011 will surely would be "completed a future hotel" Ķemeri "reconstruction" and immediately sākšoties preparations "Kempinski chain hotels opening."
in October 2014 its willingness to buy maksātnespējīgajai "Ominasis Latvia's Ķemeru health resorts of the estate set the auction showed" Park Hotel Ķemeri ", but a month later the auction was recognised for, because the winner was not within the specified time, paid for the purchase.
The sales price was fixed in the last auction nenotikušās sākumcenai - 2,86 million euros.
As LETA was informed by the City Council spokeswoman Ieva Aile, local government, with the signing of the protocol, confirmed that the European Union Structural Fund cofinancing support will lay out our adjacent infrastructure - will restore historical Ķemeru parks, will set up an interactive nature tourism facilities, will lay out our roads and car parks.
He operdziedātājam Antoņenko the Order.
Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis next week, Employees, will be awarded the Order of the III class operdziedātājam Alexander Antoņenko, the president's agenda.
the Order of the ceremony will take place at Melngalvju House
According to the Latvian National Opera and Ballet (LNOB) information provided, Antoņenko graduated from Latvian Mediņa The Musical College, where he learnt pūšaminstrumentu game and polish dziedāšanu to Gruzdevas Margaritas.
He was Joseph Vitola Latvian Music College Chapter Vokālajā Arvīda Lustes in the classroom.
In 1997 started singing the Latvian National Opera korī, but The debitējis with the role of the Oberto G.F.Hendeļa Opera "Alčīna".
"Great music received the award for 2003" on the performance of the Verdi opera performances vokālo and Rekviēmā.
indicates that the 2004 / 2005 season has become internationally prominent Latvian tenor's name, which is the biggest in the world angažē operteātri.
Since 2004 the autumn he sing "Düsseldorf Deutsche opera am Rhein", Berlin and Dresden Semperoper Graz Opera, "", Oslo and Stockholm, London Karaliskajās operās Montekarlo Opera, Covent Garden, the Vienna State Opera, as well as the Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf Opera and the Salzburg Odyssey.
2009 Antoņenko played with great success in the role of the Metropolitan Opera Prince "Nārā".
Meanwhile, in 2011 Antoņenko with Ricardo Muti and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra sang titullomu "Othello" at the Paris Opera, Covent he sang Luigi "Frilled" jauniestudējumā as well as in Stockholm contributed Kristofa Loja iestudētajā "Meitenē from the West."
A year later Antoņenko sang the role of Othello with great success in London's Covent Garden.
The former NATO commander Brīdlova e-mail uzlauzuši Russian hackers.
Hakeri who hacked into the US Democratic National Committee (DNC) computers, allegedly carried out a series of other cyber attacks, including the former commander of NATO forces uzlauzuši Phillip Brīdlova e-mail and George Soros' Open Society Institute "servers, on Thursday reported business news agency Bloomberg". "
Hakeri the information published on the website DCLeaks.com "."
Among other things, there also posted Brīdlova correspondence and reports of the Soros Institute's work.
Hakeriem Institute of computers have been available for a whole year.
The "Bloomberg" news of these cyber attacks have been carried out by the same Russian hackers associated with within the confines of the special services, which uzlauzuši DNC emails.
"The Wall Street Journal, in turn, reported that US President Barack Obama's administration is currently examining the issue of new sanctions on Russia, as a response to the DNC computer hacking.
To implement the sanctions, the administration will be formally kiberuzbrukumā Democratic Party servers charged with Russia or the Russian authorities supported by hackers.
As reported in July, the website WikiLeaks released nearly 20,000 emails, which were obtained from the DNC computer systems and from which you can tell that the Democratic Party leaders tried to harm the party of Hillary Clinton's former competitor Vermontas Bērnija Senator Sanders campaign in the fight for the Democratic nomination for the presidential election.
As reported in the US media sources, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which is carried out by Democrats servers uzlaušanas investigations, as well as other US special services, believes that Russia's relationship with a cyber attack is almost an unquestionable.
McCartney: Joko Ono had been undermined by the presence of The Beatles.
Paul McCartney admitted that Joko Ono presence created leģendārās group "The Beatles" sense of danger.
74 years old rock star is currently maintains a "good" relationship with the late John Lennon atraitni, but at a time when she went on a group of visiting recording studio, MCCartney she scared because Ono was the only woman on the players - George Harrison, Ringo Stāra, Lennon and McCartney - between them.
When asked about the two sell contacmusic relations, he for the magazine, Rolling Stone, "replied:" It is really good. "
We at that time were feeling threatened.
While we produced that, she sat on the aggravation.
Most of the group could not tolerate.
We were able to, but not very successfully, because we were very starved.
Nebijām seksisti, but girls usually did not come to the label, they allowed us to operate.
When John came to meet with Joko, his nesēdēja kontroltelpā, but the four of us in the middle.
Grāvēja "in a yellow submarine in Lego ’ s author also admitted that now in regular contact with the former member of Ringo, and occasionally the record companies - Apple's plans, but otherwise" The Beatles "has" ceased to function. "
Asked whether he still meet with each other only still live leģendārās rock band members, McCartney for the magazine, Rolling Stone, "said:" It is often not. "
We meet social activities and ballītēs.
But the meetings and not, I feel a bit of it norobežojies.
the EU from "Apple" went painful divorce at the time.
In its place on the meetings sūtīju John Īstmenu and said: "I Atstāsti what everyone says, because I can't stand to see sēdēšanu off the table."
It was too painful, as if to see mirstam their domestic animals.
The company is now working in it, that I just noklausos all records.
"I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venēra had been an inhabitable planet
NASA on the basis of the latest climate models, Venēra has ever been an inhabitable planet.
of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies scientists have developed a model to explore Venus history, using tools and algorithms, which is also used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether the surface of Venus, which is hot on the water and its atmosphere is made up almost exclusively of carbon, has ever been the Earth to similar conditions.
Scientists have previously have raised speculation that Venus slow turning speed is due to solid atmosphere.
But the latest simulations show that on Venus had been a similar plan, the Earth and its atmosphere griezusies slowly.
The model also looks at the Venus earlier topography.
The planet has been more dry areas than on Earth, but they had enough water and geographical diversity, that could lead to life and prevent the water to evaporate.
Early Venus times the sun was about 30 per cent spožāka.
GISS model of Bolzano Venus turning model reveals that a good part of the day for the last 2 months, the press release said GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
This process heat the planet's surface and causes the case, which in turn is made up of thick cloud layers, which acts as an umbrella, protecting the planet from the solar heat.
The result is a moderate climate temperature, which is, in fact, a few degrees lower than the temperature of the Earth today.
The model captures Venus history, which is similar to the theory of evolution, which in their hipotēzēs developed by scientists.
Although once it has been an inhabitable, several billion years Venēra been exposed to too many hot and ultravioletajime rays.
Its oceans and izgaroja garaiņus izdedzināja ultravioletie on them.
Water fully izgarojot, the pair remained only plan of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere with deadly greenhouse gas - Venēra as we know it today.
Scientists published a new Venus climate model results in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resignation from COL coach office
COL Thursday in coach and senior vice president of hockey operations Patrick Roy submitted his resignation on the grounds of lack of impact, the team's decision making process.
Colorado and Vice President Joe Sakiks It confirmed the news and said that the club will start to search for a new coach.
"Over the last three years I have vigorously, vehemently and targeted performed his duties as head coach and Colorado club president of hockey operations, said in its statement, according to a 50-year-old Roy.
This summer, I have a lot of thought about how I could improve the team's performance, in order to give it the radiance and achieve a higher level of performance.
In order to achieve this, the coach and Hockey Operations Vice President and visions are fully coincide with the organisation's visions.
He should also be able to influence the decisions relating to the team's performance.
moment, these conditions are not met.
Sakiks, who contracted the Roju 23 May 2013, thanked Rojam for his contribution to the team.
Sakiks said that "on its decision informed him today.
We appreciate all he has done for the benefit of the organisation and we wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the "COL team in 2013-2014 Roy was recognised as the best coach and received their most successful regular season with 47 wins.
He helped the club reach 112 points and first place in Central Divīzijā but playoff games in the first round in Minnesota team beat Spartak. since then, the club for two years now, does not have a playoff games.
COL finishes the year 2015-2016 season with the results of the 39-39-4 and remained five points behind Wild team without the Western Conference of the second special invitations.
Fame in medicine goalkeeper Roy in his career won four stenlija kausus - two with the Montreal Canadiens and two with COL.
North Sea oil workers return to the negotiating table and postpone strike
The strikes on North Sea oil workers' pay has been suspended, both parties the resumption of talks, according to negotiators.
From time to time against oil processing company Wood Group is being organised strikes on North Sea oil platforms, which operates the company Royal Dutch Shell.
The statement says that the Wood Group, Unite and the RMT unions agreed to resume talks on resolving the dispute.
In the coming weeks we for a series of full-day meeting, which will begin early next week with a view to look again at the outstanding issues.
Trade unions said that their recent actions, which organised after more than 25 years, is directed against the planned wage reduction of 30 percent.
the negative market pressure, Wood Group earlier this year in the North Sea to cut the wages of workers on 9 per cent.
Back in 2014, the company has reduced the land workers' wages by 10 per cent.
The company said that, in addition to the salary cuts would allow the company to survive the market downturn.
Meanwhile, Shell has already cut the wages of several thousands of people and announced plans to stop the oil and natural gas operations in 10 countries in order to optimise their work in preparation for a major merger deal with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure as a result of falling oil prices, and the situation all the more complicated by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
at the beginning of the week the Scottish Parliament member Dave chairs met with workers' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - the North Sea strike plans.
He said that the North Sea is vital to the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole for the economy, from which all benefit gūsti rather than individuals.
In 2016, the new North Sea projects are expected to invest nearly $1.4 billion, compared with the $7 billion invested in the last five years.
Keplers size stars turning speeds Plejādes zvaigznājā.
The latest Keplera Telescope mission has helped astronomers with to collect the most comprehensive catalogue of stars turning speeds Plejādes zvaigznājā.
The new data helps astronomers with understand why stars in this zvaigznājā griežās at different speeds, as well as the way in which stars turning speeds reached the planet formation.
"We hope that the comparison of our results with other zvaigznājiem, we will get more knowledge of the relationship between the mass of the stars, age and even the history of the solar system," said Caltech edition Pasadenas Infrasarkano The process and Analytical Center researcher Luisa Rebula.
Plejādes zvaigznājs in 445 light years away from Earth.
Many of the stars in this zvaigznājā just starting to rise, reaching around 125 million years old.
They moves with the maximum speed.
Griežoties with a maximum speed of these rising stars emit large amounts of stars in the wind.
Vējiem entering stars magnētiskajā in the field, they have to slow down the stars.
Zvaigznēm as they get older, turning superhighway.
Keplers measured each stars turning speeds measured the time between the recognisable stars in the area, such as the sun, the emergence of slick.
The latest stars turning on the speed of the catalogue shows that more stars moves more slowly than smaller stars.
Rebuls compares the stars with dejotajiem, greater man dancers perform piruetes more slowly than the small man dancers.
Rebuls baletā Plejādes "tells us that" we can see that slowly revolving facilities are bigger and faster, while masīvāki revolving facilities are very small stars.
Thanks to the fact that Plejādes zvaigznājs are so close, it serves as a great space laboratory, where the stars to compare the performance of turning speeds.
Rebuls Plejādes zvaigznājs story that helps to create a theoretical models of stars rotated in both directions both older and younger stars.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why would slow down the speed of stars and turning on their full stop the process.
Rebuls and his colleagues detailed introduced the Plejādes stars turning speed analysis of the three new publications, which will soon be published Astronomijas Žurnālā.
