28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead this week in a supermarket climbing room.
But the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would like to inflict a pair of his brother, saying: "His life finally started to improve."
The corpse found on Wednesday was identified as the 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frenka Galicia, a San Francisco medical expert said.
San Francisco police have said the case is being investigated as murder and an investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told broadcastation ABC KGO from San Francisco that Frenzy had previously worked for a cook in Boston, but six months ago he was at his dream job at the restaurant "Dies & Means" in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the restaurant's "sons & daughters" said they were shocked and shocked to learn about his death.
"We are a small team that works as a broken family and he will miss us very much," the representative said.
In this difficult time, our thoughts are with Frenka's friends and family.
Luis Galicia said that, at the beginning, Frenks had been sleeping in hostels, but in recent times life has finally improved.
"He was in a new apartment and had to meet a girl," Lucy told radio station KGO.
Lucy Galicia tells us he doesn't know who would want to inflict a pair of his younger brother.
He was a good man with a broad heart.
"He always left his family, cooking a garbage meal and preparing for lunch," said Luis Galicia
He never wanted to engage in disputes.
He was a brother who succumbed to the stream.
"Given everything that goes wrong in the world, he was a diamond who spined brilliantly every day," he said.
Anyone who might have any information about what has happened is invited to call the SFPD Information Line 415-575-4444.
New doctors strike: calls for new protests
Representatives of young doctors are asking their trade union to launch protests in a dispute over the new treaty.
The British Medical Association (LMA) New Doctors Committee (JAK) prepared to ask the council to support broader protests from September this year.
Jak says ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the contract.
In July, young doctors and medical students rejected the contract offered by LMA.
Of all the members who took part in the vote, 58% voted against.
In a message published yesterday evening on Twitter, JAK Council member Elena McCorta said the government continues to remain silent on the issue and has led to a rejection of the contract offer.
She said: "As a result, the JAK has voted to completely reject the proposed contract and request new formal negotiations to discuss the key issues."
In response to the government's silence, JAK made a formal request today to meet with the LMA board to authorize the development of new contracts that would enter into force in September.
As a result of the dispute, young doctors took part in six strikes, including, for the first time in the history of the NHS, stopped work.
Following the vote rejecting the contract terms proposed by the LMA, which was recommended by the BMA, LMA's new physician representative, Dr Johan Malawana, resigned from office.
Before meeting with 54,000 new doctors and medical students, he had told BMA members that the contract was well designed and will be accepted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jamie Hant said the contract would be concluded with the medics in England.
Russia and Turkey: An alliance of crowds?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to guard and announce eight months of words and a war of economic sanctions.
But Vladimir Putin stepped in with Turkey's leader in St Petersburg's palace, the impression that Ankara is the one that needs this partnership most.
In spite of that, both sarcastic.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked awake and didn't cause warm emotions, even after his usual standards.
In contrast, the guest speaker Erdogan did not stop referring to Putin as his "dear friend," repeating it at least five times, a review of the meeting said.
I was confused.
He also promised that relations with Russia would improve not only to pre-crisis levels but even higher.
The next day, a newspaper reported that Erdogan was driving as if nothing bad had happened.
For me, his enthusiasm sparked conflicting feelings.
But from Putin's radiated spark showed that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
The first thing he mentioned in his speech was the firing of a Russian plane on the Syrian border.
Back then, Moscow reacted sharply.
Putin accused Ankara of snapping a jungle in the back of Moscow.
The rebuttal was perceived even more painful given that it came from a friend.
Restoring real confidence will be very difficult, perhaps even impossible.
Since November, Russia's public position has changed.
For several months, government-controlled television preached widespread hostility to Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed that the Turks were at fault.
The most serious were charges that signaled that the Erdogan family itself profited from illegal oil trade with the Islamic State-controlled part of Syria.
He completely denied himself.
But St Petersburg was given a hint that it's time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting only took place because Putin received an apology from President Erdogan.
Russia could see it as a sort of victory.
Ankara's benefit from peace reconciliation is clear to all.
First, Erdogan needs all the aspiring friends after he was almost overthrown last month in a coup attempt.
Countless terrorist attacks have also shaken his positions.
And there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have caused substantial damage, particularly the ban on carpets, which usually provide a Turkish beach with several million Russian tourists every year.
This figure fell nearly 90%.
Russian tyropers and chartercomplians will also breathe when regular flights are restored.
They are hoping for a season-breaking holiday fever in the Mediterranean.
Already this week, national TV foresees a drop in prices for fruit and vegetables, when imports of Turkish fruit and vegetables will be restored.
As quoted by local newspaper Vedemosti: "Tourists for them, tomatoes for us."
But the visit also had other political motives on the side of Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for, in their opinion, the weak response to the coup attempt.
The long-standing negotiations on accession to the EU and the intervention of Putin, who is willing to use the situation that relations between Turkey and the West have exaggerated, can also be seen at all.
The Russian leader was certainly the winner in providing support to Ankara and its authority after the coup attempt.
Note that Moscow is afraid of regime change in the country.
The summit, which took place in this painted coastal palace, gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present how it was dubbed by an analyst, the "Leave Alliance," two countries that feel excluded from the West by joining forces.
However, despite the demonstration of public unity, there are significant differences between the two countries.
One of them is Syria, where Russia portrays itself as a peacekeepers, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite sides.
After more than three hours of discussion, both presidents revealed at a press conference that they had not even touched on this issue.
The Turkish president purposefully avoided questions about the differences between the two countries, meanwhile President Putin only mentioned them separately.
It is not really clear how both countries could find common language on the Syrian issue.
But after several months of open hostility and potential disaster when a NATO member Turkey hit a Russian fighter plane, the situation has improved as both leaders have resumed talks.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
Brand SKB will henceforth have an offist role, the bank's CEO said.
Outside Scotland, SKB will no longer be available.
Ross Makevans told BBC channel Scotland that the SKB brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has abandoned them because eight years ago the bank almost went bankrupt and needed financial assistance.
Meanwhile, the brand's strategists have used the SKB brand to protect other consumer finance brands.
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports representatives, starting with Six Nations rugby and finishing with Vimblham tennis champion Endy Mureju.
But it has now been decided to allow other national brands to gain popularity.
The Royal Banaka of Scotland will be available to Scottish customers, but will not be made public.
In England and Wales, the SKB will continue to exist in the form of a major oft and share market, but the other parts of the franchise will be changed to the name NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Smaller private finance brands such as Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank will also take note.
Maevans were interviewed during the trip with customers and employees by Invernesshire.
He told BBC Scotland channel: "SKB will become a brand of our investors and will be given more attention because we are now becoming more of a brand bank."
With time, the bank itself became a global brand and also the SKB became a global brand.
Now I say we don't have a global ambition anymore, we have loony ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique, each in their own industry and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
The SKB has already announced that it will not continue the "Six Nations" sponsorship and calls on people from other brands to participate in sponsorship.
"It's time to become a brand bank because inside the bank we have long asked ourselves how to become a better bank for our customers?" the executive director of the story said.
It may have been very cynical if we had said three years ago that we would become a great bank for our customers and develop these brands.
But thanks to hard work and focussing on the customer rather than our own needs, we have made changes.
We can revitalise these brands again, so I think now is the time.
Frenky Detori wins 3000 th victory after success in New Jersey with Horse Predilecton
Detori decorates the champagne after a victory in New Jersey brought him the 3,000 th victory.
On Friday, rookie Frenkies Detori fought his 3000 th victory after winning the first spot in New Jersey.
He was on this achievement, fighting for a second victory this evening in his home tray, with Predilaction coached by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth wicket who has fought such an achievement in the sprint race of horses.
He has joined Sir Gordon Richards, Dougam Smith, Lester Pigos, Pite Edery and Villius Karson.
Triple champion jockey Detori, who previously won with Horse Ghayyar, finished: "It's something special."
I am very moved, because my entire family is here.
I am very glad that this happened in New York, because I have been living here for 30 years.
This is not a big race, this is not Royal Ascotta, but a simple Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I feel relieved and very grateful.
Detori is expected with applause and gazes after he and Predilecton return with victory.
The two wickets have reached this record in the quarterfinals with the hurdles - champion Riotard Johnson and retired 20 successive champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who scored more than 4,300 wins in his record career.
Lester Pigos, a nine-legged winner, owns 4493 career victories.
Frenky is one of the best jokes of the modern era and it is no wonder that he has achieved this achievement, which can only be achieved by the rare one.
He has style and strength, but his sense of tactics distinguishes him from the other jokes.
He's a fantastic racing player, his enthusiasm and charming attracts fans for years.
I told Frenkies a few weeks ago, if he was not just a weekend and a big race, he would have had 6 000 wins.
But speaking seriously, it's nice to see that Frenky has been able to win regularly for 30 years.
He has a life-friendly character who is a great character in British races, and he is also an excellent jacket.
Frenka Detori celebrated this achievement with his firm's mark - the flight attendant.
Frenkian Detori has been the face of a British horse race for two decades from flying finishes.
This has been a full way of adventures.
He has won many major races, including his famous "Grand Slam" in Askota in 1996, and has survived the disqualification of aircraft accidents and preparations.
Three years ago, he experienced some difficulties in returning after six months of disqualification, but he was able to demonstrate the strength of his character by recovering his best form.
And he could continue to compete for some time - Detori has previously said he would be happy to compete at least until the age of 50.
Russian President Putin sacks administration chief Sergei Ivanova
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly sacked adminence leader Sergei Ivanova.
Ivanov has been in Putin's nearest human circle for many years.
The 63-year-old politician has now been appointed Special Representative for Nature and Transport.
The Kremlin statement says Putin "decided to release Ivanova from the duties of the President of the Russian President," without mentioning the reason.
At Ivanova's place, Anton Price, who was his deputy since 2012, was appointed.
The 44-year-old has been murdered by a diplomat.
The blame was born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, graduated by the prestigious Moscow National Institute for International Relations (SMSAI) and later worked at the Tokyo Embassy.
According to the Kremlin's website (Russian), later he chaired the Presidential Protocol and government staff.
After appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your confidence."
In my opinion, the main job of the administration is to support your work as President of the State by drawing up laws and controlling the enforcement of your decisions.
Putin told a Russian broadcaster on Friday that Ivanov himself wanted to leave his office and commented on his replacement.
Do the smiles convince?
This step has confused Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov's old and close ally of Vladimir Putin, and like Putin, worked at the Soviet security service in VDK at the time.
In that post, he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
During a meeting broadcast on national television, both men announced that Ivanov resigned on his own initiative.
But despite the camera-oriented smiles, rarely has such an explanation persuaded, especially before the parliamentary election.
Is that the outcome of the battle for power?
No one knows that.
But the assertion that a man who was seen as the alleged president suddenly himself wanted to become leader of Russian environmental policy is perceived with great scepticism.
In remarks published on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov tells Putin: "It is true that at the beginning of 2012 I asked me to entrust this difficult post, could even claim the problematic post, four years.
It turns out I have worked in this position for four years and eight months.
Ivanov entered into office in December 2011.
Previously he was Prime Minister and Minister for Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former GDK National Security Service employee, like Putin.
In the late 1990 s, Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service, who is a successor to the VDK, Ivanov took his deputy office.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanova in the number of five people he trusted most.
At the end of Putin's second term, Ivanov was seen as a potential candidate for the Russian presidential nomination as Putin's re-election for a third term would be unconstitutional.
At the time, however, the President became another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister and returned to president three and a half years ago.
The intimate appearance of fish in a Banfa garden
A man from Banfas is asking for help to find out the conditions in which fish has appeared in his garden in Banafa.
Kevin Baines thinks 75 fish could be sand eels sucked by his garden laiser.
Mr beina, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, published images of his mistress in Perisco, hoping that someone might know the way in which these 5 centimetres of fish appeared in his garden.
Vouchering: the bridge now connects to Fifi.
Today, the $1.35 billion project is scheduled to be completed in May 2017.
Engineers have connected the northern part of the Cape Cannsferry intersection and viaduct, which means the bridge is now connected to Fifi.
The first of the four connecting parts has been completed, which means that building the bridge is coming to a close.
The fifes Bridge structure is 600 metres tall and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It consists of 10,000 tonnes of steel, 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
At the moment, 1.35 billion pounds worth of projects will be completed in May 2017.
The Secretary of Economy, Keits Braun, had today relocated to the construction site and was one of the first to climb on the bridge.
He said: "This is a symbolic and historic moment in the construction of the Correctness Bridge."
In this project, we can witness a truly huge model of engineering, where more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel are used to build this part of the bridge.
Despite the huge weight and size of the bridge, connecting the bridge and the viadjacket is an extremely delicate process that requires huge precision.
Overall, more than 79% of the bridge has already been built and the last sequence connecting the bridge with Rositu will be conveyed today, which means that all parts of the bridge are ready to fall.
Michael Martin, director of the Fourth Bridge Connection Project, said: "The first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
In this fantastic project, the first compound shows higher-class engineering.
After installing the last stretch of the road and connecting it with the support of the Northern Tower, we postponed the link to the northern road section with the land, or viaduct.
This was done by paving the way for 700 millimetres south of the north.
It was a large-scale and, at the same time, a very delicate operation.
Massive, because the viadut is 222 metres long, weighed about 6 000 tonnes and had to be rolled down by about 3%.
Delicate because the tolerance in both directions worked by the team was only a few millimetres wide.
Thankfully, everything ended well.
Simona Bailsa wins gold in vintage women.
Forget the tension.
Forget the excitement.
Simona Bailsu doesn't bother it all.
Dynamic leap.
Easy on the bathroom.
Unrivalled on the floor.
Absolutely perfect.
And finally the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 19-year-old American vingroer fought a gold medal, completely demonstrating the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the olipsal scene.
Her total number of points 62,198 was a head court superior to the silver medal winner and the result of her team's thrashing Alija Raismanes and the result of the bronze medal winner, Alija Mustafina.
On Thursday, U.S. sportswoman Simona Bailsa performs a vigil on the footage of the bathroom in the individual multi-fight final for women in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bailsa became the fourth American in a row, winning the title of the multi-fight champion and the fifth best vingroer, gradually reinforcing the reputation as the best vintage of his generation and possibly the best vintage in history.
She burst into tears when the end result was announced and her long road to that day was at the top.
This achievement puts him next to unrivalled athletes such as Michael Fellows, who raised his sporting form at a new level.
Bailsa has dominated his sport for the past three years, gaining 15 medals in world championships, including 10 gold medals, carrying such brilliant, precise and ambitious combinations of vingroves that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Retone called him the "best vingroer she has ever seen."
In Brazil, he was expected by the last test, where she had to compete largely with expectations of him and not with the other sportsmen.
She would be disappointed if he returned to his home in Springwood, Texas without gold medals.
U.S. sportsmen Simona Bailsa (left) and Alija Raismane envy after winning respectively gold and silver medals in the solo multilingual footage of sport in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which ran on Thursday.
The first gold medal, Bailsa won on Tuesday, making special selection coordinator Marta Karoli farewell.
Although Bailsa claims that, in his long journey to the top of the glory, there was nothing to expect, it is not really true.
Part of her performance in the free movements, which include her special acrobatic switch, is accompanied by Latin music, which would brilliantly fit into the street next to the Rio Olympics arena.
It is no coincidence.
The girl who was adopted by her grandparents when she was still an infant and was discovered by the mother of the trainer Eimian Blatter on an excursion to the sports hall, where the Bretman terrain was held, has now become a force to be counted on.
She has not lost in multi-fight races since the 2013 summer and victory series can continue as long as Bailsa wants it.
Although Mustafina appeared slightly in the lead in two rotations, it was just an illusion.
The co-power beam and free movement - part of the races where Bailsa will defend his champion thighs, is still in front.
She emerged at the forefront with a result of 15,433 on the bathroom and strengthened the lead with a result of 15.933 free movements
Raismane was mildly surrounded by her while her waiting for results, which was just a formality and she burst into tears of joy when the dream she had ever recorded in her notebook book.
Raismane's performance was a slight revenge for the events four years ago when she shared a third place with Mustafina, yet lost the battle for a bronze medal.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, which Americans call "grandmother," emerged in a compelling lead.
After performance in the free movements that dispel doubts about her return, she could dedicate the air kiss to the crowd.
Meanwhile, the 19-year-old Bailey's viral tweet, which she published this week, is already entirely different.
6-year-old Mahay Brawn is living in a shelling in Philadelphia.
Police say the 6-year-old guy was fired in Philadelphia, saying it was already the second six-year-old who was fired in Philadelphia this week.
The child's grandparents for CBS's Philadelphia news channel confirmed that it's Mahay Brawn.
The grandparents say Brown was fired several times, including, in the chest, leg, hand and stomach, but was still conscious when he was taken to hospital.
His grandmother, Deloresa Melendeza, tells TV: "His little body was simply a loaf of loathing."
I cannot believe that.
The boy has been placed in a hospital in critical condition and has already passed several operations.
The family says he will probably recover.
He had to start to go first class at a local elementary school.
Braun is one of four people who were shot in the town of Jermantown.
Three men were also fired: two 29-year-old men and one 32-year-old man.
Channel CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition, but the situation of the other two victims is stable.
Candy says the child was found in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old victim in a critical condition.
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of them had been the attacker.
The investigator told CBS Philadelphia that several shooters were likely to be involved in the shooting.
Instead of the event, only the arms patrons belonging to various weapons have been found.
It looks like it has been a long-lasting shelling.
Cheeses were found on both sides of the pedestrian pavement.
"So it looks like there have been several armed shooters here who actively participated in the firing," the Philadelphia police captain Antony Ginaldi said.
Several homes and cars have also been damaged.
No one has yet been detained and as reported, police check the records of the surveillance cameras.
On Tuesday, a bullet hit a 6-year-old girl in the hands of a 6-year-old girl while she was playing in front of her home in the Westwood district.
She is slowly recovering, but the police are still looking for the culprit.
Why do we need Simona, Gaby and Lauria.
This is what I call this year's Women's Olympic Victory team and there are several reasons for this.
First, I've been to all the Summer Olympics since 1984 and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, the team consists of three assists, Simona Bailsas, Gaby Duglasas and Laurian Hernandezas, who are inspired by many young other race girls.
People can be proud that the team is also composed of Alja Raismane, who is Jewish and Medisona Kociana, who is a Catholic.
Finally this team looks like America.
It has also strengthened the participation of black and latīņamerikas athletes in this sport.
For the last four years, the best vintage has been an athletic American.
Last year Simona and Gaby took 1 st and 2 nd place.
These are impressive results.
In previous Olympic games, Gaby Duglasa became surprisingly the Olympic champions and America could be glued.
Now the world has seen these incredible vineyards met by the triple world champion Simona Bailsa, Duglasa and Lauria Hernandeza executing impossible but spectacular vineyards.
On Thursday, Simona became the fourth readership in a row that has won a gold medal in individual multi-fight women.
Her team's girlfriend Alija Raismane won a silver medal.
We have seen the best that this sport can give, but elsewhere in the country, the situation is different.
Simona, Gaby and Lauria entered the Olympic sample, as did Alija and Medison.
They are the "Olympic Pieces," because the next Olympic working team will consist of only four athletes and this is the last year of Costas Marta Carol in the work of the trainer.
The truth is that exercise is expensive sport and vingrowers are mainly trained in private lighting clubs and are maintained by parents who pay for training, rooms, travel, formations, hotels (coaches, sportsmen and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these lightweight clubs are located in urban areas that can afford such a sport.
In these clubs, athletes spend all their trains and it is a costly and long-lasting contribution to the families of the millennials.
Eimia Burmana - Simona Bailsa Coaster and Meggy Hainija - Laurian Hernandezas trainer has coached their sportsmen since they both started to deal with the lightweight.
We need to provide young girls who are inspired by Simona, Gaby and Laurie's cheaper vintage coaching opportunities.
I founded my liking organisation 20 years ago.
In my organisation, which is located in Hards, we offer more than 15 000 young people in the city (mainly black and Spanish origin), free of charge or at a low price, and have also coached national and international champions.
In September, we will open a branch in Detroit (my home town) to provide local youngsters with the opportunity to familiarise themselves with this excellent type of sport.
Lighting is developing force, locane and body coordination, as well as teaching hard work, discipline and aspiration.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success in both school and work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to play lightweight and that is fantastic.
Dealing with this type of sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is such a fun time.
Thank you Simona, Alija, Gaby and Medison for the excellent show of "Girls Forces," winning the gold medals of the Olympics and motivating countless young, different race girls to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Following the rejection of the Jastasia Hanta offer, new doctors plan to expand more strikes.
Ministers had hoped to end the controversy when an agreement was reached to change the contract with representatives of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 new doctors who took part in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hant announced plans to conclude a contract, indicating that the NHS is in a precarious position and that further delays will only hurt employees and patients.
The first new doctors have already signed the new contract, which provides for changes to the conditions for working night shifts and weekends to improve working conditions in non-standard working hours.
Yesterday evening, the BMA's new physician spokeswoman, Dr Elena Makourta, announced that young doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will deepen the labour force crisis and that it does not provide for equal conditions for all doctors.
The remaining eight weeks until the first group of young doctors will sign the new contract, so progress has to be made, because time has not left much.
The BMA's efforts to solve the problem on the path of negotiations have faced the government's reluctance to engage and sometimes with complete silence.
This has happened even despite the fact that Jerokevich Hant said that his doors were always open.
Jihadist Hansen needs to act now, put an end to his omission and work with the new doctors.
If he doesn't, then the new doctors are ready for new protesting shares.
More than 13,000 rutin operations and 100,000 visits were postponed during the last strike at the end of April, while nurses and consultants tried to replace doctors who had gone in the picket.
Ministers had hoped to end the controversy when an agreement was reached to change the contract with representatives of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants to raise the rate of working weekends for 54,000 new doctors to be covered by the new contracts.
NHS employment executive Daniels Mortimer called on young doctors not to go on strike.
Mr Mortimera explains that the strikes do not solve anything but only raise pressure on congested employees and worry, create stress and hurdles for patients, carers and their families.
Over the last two months, we have been talking to the new doctors' committee and, together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions, have responded positively to their questions about the beneficiaries and whistleblowers.
Employers hope that active cooperation on other key issues such as staff deployment, elevated training, additional training for those returning after career breaks, training costs, mutual recognition of training programs, school leaving and gender pay inequality in medicine - shows that employers, England health education institutions and the Ministry of Health are seriously willing to implement an agreement concluded with BME in November, February and May.
Medicines for 2 pounds a day can reduce the risk of heart.
Thousands of patients who have had a heart could receive treatment with medicines by 2 pounds a day, because official representatives have advised them to use more people and longer periods.
The anti-reckoning hall ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heartbreaking for people with carnage.
These medicines are already prescribed for use for 12 months after hearing, reducing the risk of rehearsal.
The NICE, represented by the NHS, has promised to use this preparation for 4 years in a heartbeat to further reduce the risk of cardiac for people with cardiovascular problems.
However, the NICE currently in charge of the NHS has advised to use this preparation for 4 years in a heartbeat to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular cardiovascular.
Every year, approximately 140 000 people in England are experiencing a heartbeat and a quarter of them are experiencing a rehearsal or stroke.
Cardinals and strokes are caused by the accumulation of fat in the heart walls of the flesh, building the plucks.
If the plug is raining, it can create a troll, blocking the blood flow to the heart and leading to a heartbeat.
In contrast, if the troll separates from the cardiovascular wall, it can get further into the bloodstream and block blood access to the brain, causing the infart.
People who have had a heart hit are at greater risk of repeated heart.
Ticagrelor, produced by British firm AstraZeneca and marketed by name Brilique, reduces the risk of formation of tromps.
The new NICE guidelines, published today, reconvene people to use 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months and another 3 years by 60 mg twice a day along with aspirin.
Favre Health Technology Director Professor Kerola Longson explains: "Despite the availability of medicines to prevent rehearsal, more than a quarter of people who have had a heart are experiencing another heart of heart or stroke and often with severe consequences."
Fear of repeated heartache may have a negative impact on the quality of human life.
Evidence shows that the ticagreller, combined with aspirin, effectively reduces the risk of repeated heart and inflammation to people who have already experienced it.
By provisionally recommending treatment with ticagreloria, we are pleased that we can extend the treatment opportunities to thousands of people who are therefore beneficiaries.
Given the limited information on the effectiveness and safety of the ticagrelora, in particular the risk of bleeding by using this medicinal product for more than three years, the draft guidelines do not recommend that it be used for longer than that period.
Culture of political correctness promotes electoral fraud in Islamic districts
According to the leadership report, former Hamlette mayor Lutfurs Rahman was sacked in connection with corruption.
The government report reveals that the culture of political correctness has led Islamic districts to large-scale corruption.
Former government minister Sir Eriks Piks criticises police, election monitors and city councils that they ignore the signs of fraud because "afraid to offend ethnic minorities."
The former comic secretary, who has now become a member of the anti-corruption movement, says voter intimidation is so prevalent that police should be allowed to deploy guards outside polling stations to protect intimidated voters.
He also suggests that voters should show ID when they vote to prove their true identity.
At the moment, voters only have to indicate the name and address.
He even recommends marking the fingers of the votes with a special tinder to prevent double voting.
The rumors of fraud must also be provided with greater protection, says Sir Eriks.
He also wants the press to have more access to council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups.
He says: "The aim is not only to prevent rigging in elections, but also to protect the local government from a broader culture of corruption and fraud that both are linked to."
The report was commissioned by Downing Strant after the Toverhamleta City election scandal.
Last year, the election court ruled that Mayor Lutfurs Rahman should be removed from the mayor's office because of corrupt and illegal actions.
The court accused Rahmanu of "cynically perverse" religious views and insulting his critics and defendants in racism and islamaphobia.
"Rahman has led his election campaign with a sense that it is a Muslim holy task to vote for him."
300 votes were rigged or questionable because one man had voted several times.
Sir Eriks also said that there were signs of fraud across the country.
In particular, he focused on fraud using a post with which senior Muslim commoners, using their authority, forced others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Eriks recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including requesting ID to clear the identity of the person.
His report says: "There is evidence that many vulnerable comedian members, especially women and children, are being forced to vote for a comedian for the oldest preferred candidates, particularly in commons with the people of Bangladesh and Pakistan."
"There are fears that the authorities of the areas do not pay attention to these problems because of overly sensitive political correctness, because other origin and religion could be offended."
Sir Eriks made 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system, including, to ban political activists from holding electoral papers in the form of mail to prevent "votes cultivating."
The report, which is being examined by Theresa May, also calls for a more thorough check of registration to prevent the use of electorate registers in immigration and benefit fraud.
Congrats on the possibility of checking voter ID before voting.
He recommends marking the fingers of the votes with a special tinder to prevent double voting.
Carry out systematic checks on individuals' nationality to ascertain whether they are really eligible to vote.
Impose a three-year limit on automatic postal voting requests.
Ban political activists from holding votes in the form of mail.
Provide police in the pilgrims to appoint a guard at the polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier for individuals to be tried for abuse under the 1983 Human Rights Act.
Ban photographing at polling stations.
To claim to use only English in polling stations (except in Wales).
Step up training so that precinct staff ensure that voters go to the ballot box by one.
Sir Eriks strongly criticises Metropolis police that no charges have been raised in the Toverhamleta case.
He said: "The electoral court only disqualified Lufturu Rahmanu and his agent for actions related to corruption and fraud."
He was more than convincingly found guilty, based on inconclusive evidence.
He also criticises the ineffective "screening" of the inefficient city council electorate in polling stations.
Sir Eriks said: "Last year's court decision was a wake-up call.
Our land is known as the homeland of law and law, but the spread and denial of electoral fraud seriously undermines this good reputation.
The adventures of the crazy Keita cyclist and other Rio Olympians
The Rio 2016 Olympics fans are laughing at the French cyclist Pauline Ferrandu Prevotu, who has become an impressive co-star of Cambridge's hercade.
But the 24-year-old cyclist is not the only sportsman who is fighting for gold this summer, which would make him a celebrity status - at least referring to social media.
Therefore, on the occasion of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces currently displayed on our screens, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympians who are quite similar to the world-renowned stars.
Hunter and wolf: US Circle shooter team member Bredy Ellis, left, has been compared to Leonardo Di Kaprio since childhood
Despite Keita's co-invention in cycling trash, many people on the internet have noticed how much this lofty is like superstar Leonardo Di Kaprio.
Bredy Ellis, a member of the U.S. men's lover shooter team, has caused a storm on Twitter when photographs were published where he is like the Wolf of Wall Street.
The athlete himself noticed the storm on social media and admitted that he had compared him to Leonardo Di Kaprio since childhood.
"I personally don't see a great similarity other than the beard," said Breyer's edition of the Huffington Post.
"He's a looking chalker, so I take it as a compliment."
One of the most popular similarities from the 2012 Olympic Games in London will undoubtedly become even more popular this year: the staggering similarity between British telephony Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Nils Patriots Harisa.
The Russian lightweight Alia Mustafina has been compared with Cuban-American singer Glory Estefanu, thanks to his great vocal eyes.
And moving to swimming pool, South African swimmer Kevin van der Burgs is compared to "Created Looking" star Mettel Morisons for several years.
With changes: this user has noticed that Nate is a sporting version of the film "Inception" actor '.
Another old comparison is between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Judy Harnets, who have similar eyebrows and crisps.
The Russian silver meter, swimming Yulia Efimoor and actress Annalina Makkordai have a greater similarity than just the sun-burning skin, while fans believe that the relented US athlete Nancy Adriana equates to Godonam Levitam.
Scary women: Football star (left) Houpai Solo and serial Dexter actress Justin Karpenterei (right) have similar facial shape and eyes.
Not the only one: this twitter user was pleased to learn that he also agrees with others
Theory: according to this user, perhaps there is a reason why both look so similar
Recently, one Twitter user showed real joy that "the rest of the internet is in agreement that Houpa Solo and Justin Karpentera look practically identical."
The US football star and serial Dexter actress have such a really very similar face shape and eye.
Other popular comparisons relate to Kerry Velvet Jennings and her smile, which is practised identical to the smile of actress Laura Linny, also a gold medal winner for Gaby Duglasa, similar to Bring's On star Gabriela Unijonai.
The CBC Olympics commentator apologises for his comment, saying the Chinese swipe was' finished like a pig '.
Bairona Mcdonalds's analysis of the finest of 14-year-old Ai Yanis in fourth place 4 x 200 m free-style baton for women, summoned a storm of outrage at CBC viewers.
Canadian Canal CBC is forced to apologise because one of its commentators had said that the 14-year-old Chinese swipe from the races had "run out with a scrum" and "died as a pig."
Commentator Bairons Mcdonalds thought his microphone was off when the 4 x 200 m free-style baton women finally began to outline their personal views.
Macdonalds, who was included in the CBC commentator team to give comments to the limelight, was heard saying: "The petty four-year-old from China is unable to keep up with it."
"She went down with the scrum and ended up as a pig."
Thank you very much for that.
The 14-year-old Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhana's swimming time in the second phase was 1:57 .79, a 1.61 seconds slower than canada Teilora Rucka, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers across Canada reacted immediately to the internet because they were shocked to hear such tone and expressions.
Emeta McFarlains tweeted: "Did a direct CBC commentator just say 14 perennial swimmer from China "ended up as a pig"????."
The idiots didn't realise they are still in the straight ether.
Ai Yanha of China's 4 x 200 m free-style final for women was named "the little four-year-old from China, which is not holding up."
The criticism against Bairona Mcdonaldi quickly took effect as many requested explanations.
Twitter users were unable to believe in hearing the unsympathetic comments of Bairona Mcdonalds.
Twiter user Sara Paradi wrote: "Oho, #ByronMacDon ald.
You are all sounding like racists in CBC and Canada and you all sound like racists.
Soon afterwards, Scott Russell, who headed the CBC online at the time, apologised for Mcdonalds's comments, saying: "We're sorry that the comment on swimming performance was audible in the straight ether."
It was a failed choice of words and we are very sorry that it happened.
CBC apologised to more than 90 people who had responded to Twitter to this comment.
Mcdonalds colleague Scott Russell had to apologise to his place.
Then CBC boarded an apology to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about Mcdonalds's comment.
The channel quickly published an apology and a statement.
We very much regret that such comments were made and that they came into direct ether.
Yesterday we reacted immediately and apologised to all the viewers and followers on social media.
In the interests of clarity, Bairona's comments were made about the performance of the swipe, rather than addressing her personally.
However, they were, in any case, unprofessional and unsuccessful, and Bairona deeply regrets what has happened.
On Thursday afternoon, Mcdonalds personally apologised to the straight ether and tried to explain that he didn't think his comment would be perceived as a personal attack.
At the CBC Olympics, he said: "I would like to take a moment and apologize for the comment I made yesterday after the women's free-style races."
I am talking about swimming performance, not about him personally.
Needless to say, I did not intend to show disrespect and I really regret that this happened.
Primark shoppers are shocked by a woman who is unashamedly drunk in the middle of the shop.
Shoppers felt uncomfortable when a woman started dressing in order to put the bikes in the middle of the shop.
In further aggravating the situation, she took them to see if they were beating her and then pulling it down, putting the bikes back on the store's shelf.
She continued to search for clothes at the Folkeston Bouverie Place Sales Center store and finished four more bikes.
Primark store at Bouverie Place Sales Center in Folkeston is the place where this woman hit the subway and then put it back on the shelf.
At the time, the mother of two bernies, Jenny Deividsone, was also found in the shop, telling us that the unfamiliar woman was wearing her clothes and leaving the shop without buying anything.
She said people were unable to believe their eyes.
In the middle of the shop, she took off the shelf's sub-bikes, pulled her leggings and bikes and kept them on the ground.
She did not even try to find a more discreet place where they would be measured, she just went to the ground.
Everyone looked like she pulled the bikes and apparently the woman didn't like them because she just put them back on the shelf.
She measured three more bikes until decided that she did not like her and left the shop.
It was not looking like he would be worried that someone looks or would think about someone who will buy the clothes she takes.
Deividson's novel (33 years) from Kent's story: "The idea that someone will buy clothes that have been passed by another man and who have not been washed up after that."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Deividson added: "I assume that the shop staff removed these clothes from the store shelves after her departure - which is also acceptable."
I can't imagine being able to buy a new subway and find out that another woman has hit them and then they have not been washed out.
A spokesman for the primark said Primark was known for the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The particular clothes have been taken out of the store's shelves.
How to protect yourself from guns using Krav Manga
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it slightly safer.
To find out how to protect ourselves in the near distance from the attackers with a firearm, we talked to Krav Manga's superstar from New York Ron Mizrai.
Whether you're hitting the front or backside, this video shows how to protect yourself and prevail over the attacker.
Mcci points out if the attacker hits the backside, then first needs to turn around to clearly see the attacker and avoid a shot trajectory.
Then the weapon must be struck between his front hand and the shoulder and then put a sitter in the face of the opponent with his free elbow.
Then the sitter is followed by the cellar and while the attacker grows in pain, the weapon must be taken away, the face of the weapon and the resignation of the weapon must be removed, continuing to draw the weapon against him.
If the attacker is coming forward, the situation is similar: the trajectory of the shot must be avoided, the weapon must be closed and it must not be fired.
At the same time, pressure must be exerted on a weapon and carried out to the opponent by the breasts and, finally, must take him out of the weapon and resign to him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see how Mizrai is doing exactly.
But remember, if you're not a masterpiece of Krav Manga, then it's safer to give the robber his money.
The vanilla family is demolishing the social house of Slataša Konvolas and being evicted on the street.
The vanilla family has been evicted on the street because of damage to the social house of 50,000 pounds and terrorised its neighbours.
Tair Skeldona and her partner, Sean Trebilwood, have been evicted from property in Saltaka Cornwall when several complaints have been submitted to them.
After they were evicted by force, the shocked housing association representatives discovered that the property was completely demolished.
There were holes in the floors and walls, where the garbage and walls were covered with graffiti.
The family has now been evicted from the property and is most likely to live in some private property.
Cornwall Housing keeper Donna Makevoja says there are fears that housing will not be possible to rebuild.
She said that the people who lived here have been extremely difficult and in his view that people can't live in it.
A number of factors need to be assessed in this case, because in future, this property in Cornwall will not have a good reputation.
This family is famous and their name is famous.
The pair have had three sons who have lived illegally and police say that their terror included violence, splitting on the street with beisball wings, intimidation of local residents, drug use, drug sales and loud blending and lamping.
The 47-year-old Skeldonei, on whose name was owned, has been sentenced to anti-social behaviour in June.
Littered waste has been found in several encrypted homes.
Several floor boards have also been sprayed in the house where drugs might have been marketed.
Neighbours say they regularly kāvušies on the street and are constantly called police.
The Cornwall Housing Service put them out of the property forcibly when they had been given 11 weeks to collect their homes voluntarily.
Desperate neighbours were very happy for this eviction because their lives had been absolute hell.
One said: "They didn't care about other people."
We lived for them next to 20 years, it has always been crazy.
Incredible how often we have seen the police here.
We could not sleep this morning.
We woke up because it was so quiet here - we are not accustomed to it!
Now that they are finally away, here will be wonderful.
Adams Fitzpatriks, who is the security chief of the Cornvalas Housing District, said the family did not cooperate with local security authorities.
The family have lived here for 20 years and are regularly called police.
Different old and unusable objects were found in the garden of the house.
He also said: "It is very regrettable that tenants did not show any responsibility for their behaviour. The eviction of Her and her family from the house was the latest activity considered by the Cornwall Housing Service."
This was a very difficult case because their behaviour was extreme and neighbours had been very hard to watch in their behaviour.
I appreciate the work that has been put into this case by all my team, the police of Devona and Cornwall and the members of the comedian who were courageous and cooperated with us in providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will make it easier for neighbours to live and show that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Prof. Fitzpatriks said all three sons had lived here in different periods of time, but now everyone is about 20 years old.
A dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the rooms after being evicted.
The agency's staff will now have to find a pile of waste left across the house.
In 2014, a police house carried out a raid and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, weights, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldone only found guilty of possession of Class B drugs with the purpose of spreading them.
She insisted that the money was intended for a monument for her son Li Scheldonam, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After their eviction, it has become known that they are currently renting some private property in Plimouth.
On many walls of the house, graffiti was sealed.
Police say they will continue to work on the eviction of unfavourable tenants who violate their rent contracts.
Devona and Cornwall Police spokeswoman Andy Crova says the eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
She said, "This is a warning to those who think they can behave like they want and have no consequences."
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be tolerated in the police of Devona and Kronvolas, who will continue to work with our partners to protect local commons.
Willingness to spend can give momentum to the economy.
The company Akropolis LT, which manages the Akropolis marketing and entertainment centres in Vilnius, Know and Charles, will be combined with the group of Akropolis Group Enterprises, inheriting all the existing commitments against Akropolis LT partners and employees.
The merger of Akropolis LT and Akropolis Group is expected to be implemented by 1 October this year.
We are launching a new development phase during which we will implement large-scale projects, so we are trying to simplify the structure of the company - it will allow the Akropolis LT and the Akropolis Group to create a more efficient team of professionals.
We are currently implementing major Akropolis development projects within the decade - the construction of the multi-functional trading centre Akropolis in Riga and the development of a multi-functional site in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant.
"The new business structure will make it possible to make more efficient use of the experience and competences of the Akropolis LT team through successful development of projects and the swift adoption of the necessary decisions," said Saulė Zabulionytė, member of the Akropolis Group.
The Akropolis Group is a group of companies managing real estate development, marketing center rental and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
Several procurements of furniture manufacturing company SIA Rauko have been completed, according to a statement on the website of the procurement supervisory office.
The company will buy a plate sailing facility by 89.5 thousand euros.
It will be delivered by SIA Lintera Riga.
For 33 thousand euros, the company will buy formaceuticals that will be delivered by UAB Independents.
Similarly, SIA Rauko will buy a frenzy with a sagging towel.
This will be delivered by UAB Infats by 15.6 thousand euros.
In turn, 32.6 thousand euros will be paid by hydraulic hot press, which will be delivered by SIA Lintera Riga.
Procurement is implemented through co-financing of the Rural Support Service.
Rako is founded in 2007.
The company has carried out more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
The mayor of Cannes has banned burkini's bathrooms on beaches.
The mayor of Cannes in the southern city of France has banned the wearing of burkini bathrooms in the beaches of this city, which almost completely covers the body of a woman and highlights the hydroid, local officials said on Thursday.
Cannes Mayor Dalia Linar has signed an order that "access to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone without a swimming line that respects good customs and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"The beach dress, which shows religious allegiance at a time when France and cult sites are the target of terrorist attacks, can lead to a disruption of public order (drunking, collision, etc.), which is necessary to prevent," the order said.
"We are talking not about banning the wearing of religious symbols on the beach, but about artisanal clothing associated with confidence in the terrorist movements that war with us," explained Tieri Migula, chief executive of municipal utilities.
He added that burkini's bathrooms at Cannes beaches have not been seen since July 28, when the right-wing "Republicans" member Linar signed the order and came into force.
In the city of Marseille this week, a planned private event for Muslim women who would have been dressed in burkini's bathrooms was cancelled, because the outrage of such a measure was expressed by politicians from both the right and the left.
In France, it is prohibited to wear face-to-face Muslim women, but no religious symbols or appropriate clothing are banned.
On 14 July, 85 people were killed in Cannes in the near-town of Nice in Nice.
On July 26, two attackers who had swept confidence in the Islamic State were brutally murdered by priests in a church in the north-west of France.
Jysk grew turnover by 5 per cent last year
Household goods retailer SIA "Jysk Linnen 'n Furniture" ("Jysk") grew a turnover of 5% last year, amounting to €23.66 million, according to Firmas.lv information.
The company's turnover in 2014 was €22.57 million.
The company's profits rose slightly, from €781 235 in 2014 to €785 896 last year.
The management report says that last year the company reconstructed in Riga, the Street, the existing shop and closed the store in Riga, the Kurzeme Prospectus.
This year, like other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase both turnover and profits.
Meanwhile, last year's profits are recommended to leave undivided.
Jysk is an international stores network that offers goods for home-building.
"Jysk Linnen 'n Furniture" was founded in 2001.
The company's core capital is €3 500 264.
The company is owned by Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC, a company registered in Iceland.
The laden coats are simplified by white bread.
Eat straight after baking, then they will be the gardens.
The fish files and the white bread shall be combined together in the gasoline.
The mass shall be accompanied by milk, salt, peppers and re-assembled or bagged.
Then the sum of the coats shall be accompanied by butter held at room temperature, carefully sampled and composed of medium-sized coats.
The costumes then circulate in the throat.
Heat the oil in the panna.
The costumes make the panna and cp 10-15 minutes before eating, until they are bright brown from both sides.
It shall be provided while still warming with a dry sandwich or a mint.
Lucavsalā started the festival "Kubana."
On Thursday, August 11, the evening in Lucavsala was given a starter for one of the last festivals of this summer - there, until Sunday night, "Kubana."
In the first evening, there were groups like "Enter Shikari" from Britain, which was expected last year, but the programme went missing, American panks "NOFX," DJ Maxim from the Prodigy and others.
In the next few days of the festival, the programme notes worthy words: "Guano Apes" and "Garbage," the "Ramones" bunker of the "Ramones," with "Marky Ramone's Blitzkrieg," "Brutto & Lyapis" with Belarusian pancreas leader Sergei Mihaloku, the popular gruzīņu actor and singer Vahtangs Kikabidze, Ukrainians "Vopli Vidoplyasova" and a number of others, but a full programme of action can be viewed here.
This is the second year in which the "Kubana" festival takes place in Latvia.
Last year, it suffered financial failure and huge losses, but it did not deter the organisers from repeated attempts - they added a passage to the title, including a group of Latvian groups on Friday evening at 19:15 on the scene of "All Day Long" and announced that the festival had now become "closer and acquired the local colorite alongside the Riga symbols as its panorama and cats."
If these efforts are justified, it is even too early to judge, because the festival has just painted, but as Delphi Entertainment observed in the first evening, at least for the time being, huge crowds of people have failed and the number of visitors was similar to that of last year.
The British trek cycling team twice the good Olympic record and win the sprint.
The British trek team on Thursday twice corrected the Olympic record and won the sprint race for men.
The first Olympic record was corrected by the British, but the race was remedied by New Zealand in the first round.
The sprint finally met the British team with New Zealand and the British deprived the New Zealand players of the Olympic record owners' thighs, leaving them with silver medals.
Finally, the British team won with a result of 42,440 seconds, with New Zealand remaining 0.102 seconds.
In the battle for the bronze, the French team beat Australia.
It should be added that the record was also corrected in the qualification of women's passing journey - the British team corrected the world record, which is now 4:13 .260.
The president who remained in the shadow: Gustav Zemhead - 145.
On Friday 12 August, it marks 145 years since the second President of Latvia, Gustav Zemhead, was born.
The landmark proclaimed the Latvian state, but undeserved remains the most widely described shadow of the first President of Latvia, Jana Chess and the pre-war period, in the shadow of the last President, Charlemagne Ulmanis.
None of our statesmen has so much defended democracy and the rule of law as Zemhead, Arnold Auzins wrote in a book devoted to Gustav Zemgalam ten years ago.
In a conversation with Delphi, Auzins emphasizes that Zemgale is one of the rare high-ranking politicians who have had a sense of humour.
The rest of them are always very correct.
He is not there, it could be similar to what Raimonds Vejonis is.
"He was someone who is close to the nation," says Auzins.
Today's politicians are poorly aware of history, they referred to Charlemagne Ulmani as the good leader, but rarely knows how unganted he has been.
The only man on whom he has not been shouted was General Balodis.
Even if he is lazy and smiling, after nature he was hysterical.
"The land with his sense of humour and democracy leaves the exact opposite impression," says Auzins.
Professor Aivars Stranga, Professor of History and philosophy at the University of Latvia, agrees with the Delphi's assessment of Zemgala as a peaceful and balanced statesman.
He also notes that Zemhead broke out with respect for minorities, routinely called Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"At the time it was not a routine action, after the Zemgala presidency, Alberta Kwheat took this tradition," the historian says.
He was a quiet and weighed man who had long been persuaded to become president.
He did not aspire to himself, simply did not get the glory.
He was also quite critical of himself because he did not know the French, but believed that the President should certainly be able to do so.
"During the Presidency, the French language was both learned," Stranga explained.
The land did not allow me to be re-elected, he did not really like it.
In all respects, he has a very respected personality in Latvia's history, before getting to the presidential palace in a serious position - he was a very demanding notary.
Similarly, Zemgala led the famous Zemgala treasury on the street of Suvorov, 3, where the secretarial and colourful union was located, in practical terms in the government's talks with the Latvian state.
He was always progressive.
Not a great fan of Ultire, but publicly did not object to him.
"In private conversations, both times, it has been said that it is not true that the Ultimate Actions do not sympathise with him," Stranga says.
Lived a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of wrongdoing or corruption.
How does Zemgala remember nowadays?
It is a pity, but for a large part, he is only associated with a street in Riga.
He was an absolute democrat, views were centre.
"In his time, there was no big shake-up, that is, he could be associated with a real stable presidency," summed up by Stranga.
During the Presidency of Gustav Zemgala, from 1927 to 1930, a Latvian state visit to Sweden was also held, which, at the time, indirectly meant full recognition in neighbouring countries and integration into the family of democratic nations in Northern Europe.
On 28 May 1929, Zemhead arrived at a national visit to Stockholm.
Swedish King Gustav V's reply to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The second President of Latvia was born in 1871, but died in January 1939.
Simple ways of helping a child cope with anger jumps.
I often have to face the fact that a child's anger, the emergence of a nickname, is seen by parents as something wrong and abnormal.
When a child openly shows his anger - we don't know how to react, "Econet" says psychologist Jekaterina Kesa.
The specialist encourages a small conversation about these so natural and human feelings - anger and nickname, which is periodically experienced by each.
Aggression - it's already a physical activity addressed against another man and it usually appears when you feel angry.
When we adults are angry, alarmed - usually we know what is happening with us and how to cope with it.
We can have our anger and nannies: express, suppress, hide, keep yourself, tell us about it to our friends or other relatives, we can anger the sofa, stir up a cigarette (it is not the best way to stir up the anger!), go into the shower, sit down with a bride on the table and do other things that we do not normally do.
We do not turn our aggression against others because we know various other ways of coping with these emotions.
Children, when they are caught by anger, do not understand what is happening to them, how to name them and how to live with them.
They can say "go away!," you are a fool, "The bad mamma," "Don't see you," "I'm not threatening with you" - and very rarely when you are able to say "I'm angry at you."
Children live in a literal sense, they are completely here, at this point, they are spontaneous and really showing their feelings, and are often held hostage by different emotions.
It is very important that parents should not be banned from showing their feelings, including anger, unashamed of it and unruly, but on the contrary, helping the child.
Does there need to be a break?
A long working day in which everything quite has not happened as you would like, or simply a bad mood - there are so many reasons why I would like a moment, a day or even longer to "disconnect" from around the world.
Is it possible to have a relationship and a little breathing for a moment?
Or does it show that each of the partners has their way to go?
In their views, they are shared by gentlemen at different ages.
Janis (23) is short and concise: "In my view, if there is a break in relationships, you are not with the real man."
Meanwhile, Eduard (30) has discovered a scheme that can possibly help someone.
If you feel that the partner is starting to fall on the nerves for every small detail, then surely it is the right moment when other hunting fields should be studied to understand whether you are missing or not, in particular, who is not thinking about him or even wanting to see him at all.
So the answer is - yes, withholding the pause can help save time and realise how important you are on the other side.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
In my opinion, there should be a break with each other in the relationship, because if you spend time with someone 24 hours a day, seven days a week, then the disputes are inevitable.
These are caused by the fact that we notice every detail that the other is doing, and it starts to fall on the nerves.
People are starting to rip each other, especially if there is not even anything to talk about, just about what we have done by day.
My personal experience makes it think so, so I have not passed a relationship for more than a couple of months.
If you think at some point that, elsewhere or others, it is better - then why does this woman, with whom we are together, deserve someone who can think that it is not good enough and that there are paradise fields behind the mountains?
Thinking alone is the little betrayal.
If not, there is no.
"I have, so I am slightly condemning those who do not have."
Charlemagne (33) has almost completely opposed views.
It seems to me that everyone needs a moment for breathing.
You can't take every moment, all the time, from the morning to the evening, to look at each other in the eyes and to laugh at the mysterious love.
Farewell!
There are so many things - friends, work, balls.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, girlfriend or wife, however, if they can keep their balance between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the edge of the grave.
So, and only so.
Martins (27) says: "It is difficult to say whether it is necessary or not, may or must not take it, but one thing is clear: the proprietor has something to do with the end, something is missing."
If this is the case, it must be counted that there will be some change in the near future - on the right or the bad side, it depends on ourselves.
I think, while we are young and crazy, we need to do something about it all the time, but when everything remains serious and the relationship goes in quite another phase, there can be no talk about rest.
You decide to spend my entire life together!
"If you cannot now withstand each other's society and, once and for all, need breathing, then what will be when you have pensioners who comment on how the gullible cats are nursing or arguing about where the garden is better to be built," explains Kristion (19).
All the gentlemen's words have been changed.
With his satirical and satirical personality, Rozenfar's first awakened the interests of the Latino people to imaginative art.
"In this sense, he was the first love of the Latino people, which will remain forever unforgettable," Romans Suta wrote on the English painting.
Also in 2016, the opening of the old retrospective exhibition of the grandmaster in the renovated central building of the Latvian National Arts Museum is clear - Rozenphone is the first love of English art.
The exhibition was opened on 12 August, but it is already available for visitors from 13 August and will be available until 30 October.
The National Arts Museum of Latvia, with a wide-ranging retrospective in the newly opened Grand Expo, honors the painting, Jani Rozenfar (1866-1916), whose hundred 50 th birthday is included on the international stage in the calendar of UNESCO's celebrated days.
The retrospective exhibition, which covers more than 150 works, is one of the central events of the Jess Rozene anniversary annual programme.
The sample of art works consists largely of the stock of the Latvian National Arts Museum, which strongly reproduces the main stages of the creative activity of the classics and the dianges, the stylistic variability and the diversity of techniques.
In addition, exhibitions from Akseli Gallena-Kallella Museum, the Museum of Writing and Music Museum, the Liepaja Museum, the Tuge Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The spirit of the century is revived by the presence of photographs, the exhibition's mobile app reveals a separate work of art with photographs hosted by the painting on its own camera.
In the Latvian National Arts Museum, the Finnish-Latvian twinning union "Rozenfar-seura," named in the Latvian National Arts Museum, at the same time offers the first stop of a small information travelling exhibition "Look in Finland, with a heart in Latvia."
A similar eclipse with content presentation in English, Finnish and Swedish in the autumn will be opened to the Virka gallery in Helsinki.
Meta Leblanks looks forward to returning to the show "TopGear."
TopGear ("Gas on the floor!") manager Mets Leblanks said he looked forward to returning to the car show for the second season, but admitted that he did not know what is expected in the future.
Nothing officially happens for the time being.
"If there is, it will be announced by the BBC," Leblank said in a conversation with television critics.
Doubts about "Gas on the floor!" the future came in July when Leblanka interior Chris Evansa announced that he was leaving the broadcast.
After leaving, Evansa admitted that Leblanks and "Gas on the floor!" are "as created for each other."
"Friends" of the former Serra "Friends" ("Friends") is described as a "real and good man," thus screaming rumours that the two friendships have collapsed during filming.
When Leblankm asked what he likes in the show, he replied that travelling to other countries, such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
According to the BBC, the show is not planning to replace Evansa in the new 24 th season.
Caller: Meldonia could already be removed from the list of substances banned from athletes earlier this year.
On Friday morning, the Latvian Institute of Organic Synthesis, academics Ivars Kalvina, said that the CNT programme could already be excluded from the list of banned substances in Latvia, according to the Latvian Institute of Organic Synthesis.
He said he would travel to Canada in September to discuss the issue of meldonia with representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scientist expressed hope that Mildronate from the "blacklist" would be removed already this year.
In Sigula after the clash, two cyclists were taken to hospital.
In Sigula, the streets of Switzerland, two cyclists collapsed, suffering various injuries, the National Police said.
The accident involved men born in 1987 and 1990, both taken to the medical authority.
The cyclist has also been hit in the fall.
In 1989, a man was born in the street of 1905 and was taken to medical care.
By contrast, a motorcyclist was born in the town of Debella, a motorcyclist born in 1989, trying to avoid a dog that crashed on the road and crashed.
He's in hospital too.
In Latvia, 71 road accidents were registered last night in Latvia, with 16 people affected.
In some places, it will be raining and getting more cool.
The Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre is also expected to arrive in Latvia on Friday in some places.
There is a possibility of buying a cancone.
According to forecasts, rain is mostly expected in Kurzema and the north of Vidzemi.
The maximum air temperature will be limited to +16, +19 degrees.
In Riga, the day will pass without precipitation and the sun will overwhelmingly shine.
However, the air will not be warmer than +18 degrees.
In his interpretation of the US models business, his interpretation has acquired the unconsciousness of a pervertly sophisticated photostone and horror film.
Essentially, a highly provocative piece of work, which is highly provocative, a balding work of ridiculousness and banal vulgarity, in which it is difficult to draw borderlines between the European arts and the Hollywood Cypriot product area.
The film, with Vigo Mortensen in the main role, highlights the question of whether the older conceptually selected models of life (ecology, vegetarian, alternatīvisms and disintegration from the glut and values of the patronising company) bear a blessing or destructive to their children.
The father of six children, after his wife's death, is confronted with questions about the regularity of choice and the real values.
A moving, lifewise film whose author Mets Ross won the Cannes Festival Award this year.
Of course, the sharks are doing it alone as an attack on dazzling meats - it was a pelvis, in this case, a courageous surfer that Bleika Laivlija is atting.
The work has claimed her fundamental strength.
This survival solo can be compared to the film of James Franko's accomplice in the film 127 hours and Raiena Reinoldsa's game in the film Asked alive.
Perhaps the main role model, Mila Kunisa, who turns from parenthood into creative living and the glamorous value of theateral values, appears to be merely the fantasy of a rather desperate Hollywood scriptural fantasy.
The Islamic State has captured 2000 civilian populations in Syria.
Islamic State militants of the Islamic State of the terrorist group, fleeing Menbij, in Syria's Aleppo province, seized around 2,000 civilian populations used as living shields, the US-backed Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers announced Friday.
"We did not shoot on them because they took the civilian population together, fleeing to Djokovic," said a spokesman for the Kurdish Milbible military council.
After two months of fighting, the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), which is a US-backed Kurdish-Arab alliance in northern Syria, said on Friday that Menbia had been released from jihadists.
The Islamic State Menbiot took over in 2014.
QSD already evicted most of the Islamic State fighters from Menbible earlier this week, but the part held up and showed fierce resistance.
On Friday, however, they left the city with their captives.
Islamists go to Djokovic at the border of Turkey.
London-based syrian activist organisation of Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) also reported that the Islamic State had hijacked about 2,000 people.
The SOHR reported that the Islamists hijacked the city's population cars, forced people to climb into them, and then brought them to Djokovic.
Islamic State militants have also previously carried out mass kidnappings.
In January, Islamists, conquering areas in the province of Deir ez Zoras in eastern Syria, kidnapped more than 400 civilians, including women and children.
Later, Islamists released about 270 of the captives.
How many Islamic State fighters have fled from Menbible is unknown.
A spokesman for the Kurdish Menbik military council reported that QSD managed to save 2,500 people who were held hostage by Islamists in Menbija.
Information gathered by SOHR shows that at least 437 civilian residents, including 105 children, have lost their lives in the battle for the lives of Menbians.
299 QSD fighters and 1,019 jihadists killed.
Koreevva refuses to stand as a candidate for the Revenue Service.
Inga Koleegova, head of the National Environmental Service, has decided to withdraw his candidacy for the Director General of the National Revenue Service (Revenue Service), LETA was informed by the Ministry of Finance.
Koreevva points out that the consultation of her candidacy has provoked contradictions between the ruling coalition parties.
It seems that the real reasons for the discussion are linked to the visible, but more often, invisible interests of politicians and have nothing to do with the assessment of my professional abilities.
"This is not acceptable to me," he said.
If her candidacy was approved in government, it would be clear that it would not be an overwhelming vote and would not allow the full work and implementation of the necessary changes to the Revenue Service, feeling the support of the entire government.
Without its full work, it would not be possible to conclude Koleegova.
"I have repeatedly publicly stressed that I do not want to be politically dependent, but at the moment, all my candidacy is over-politicised," the official said.
"Thank you for the trust and support that I have shown, it is an experience that I welcome as a benefit," in the application to Reizniece-Ozola writes Koleegova.
Unity said on Wednesday that the meeting with Koleecou revealed "significant contradictions" between the candidates' explanations and the information available in public registers on the cost of the SIA Pallogs dividend, as publicly available Pallogist members' meeting decisions forecast a profit not to split.
Currently, the Head of the Revenue Service is performed by Deputy Director-General Dace Peley.
The police are involved in the rescue of two small children without surveillance, the National Police Latgale Regional Administration reported.
News of unsupervised carts with babies received Friday around 7 a.m.
They were located in Lvana at the former store building.
Both small girls were handed straight to medical hands for help.
There was also a bag of documents and mobile phones.
In less than half an hour, the law guards cleared the possible whereabouts of the children's parents and went there.
On arriving at a woman's civil society, police officers found out that the woman was sleeping because it was under the influence of alcohol.
After initial information, the woman born in 1992 was born to a girlfriend where alcohol was used.
When you go home after a joint sitting, the woman has, in unspecified circumstances, decided to leave children to the store.
The police immediately informed the police, who would also decide on the fate of the children.
Riga's briefing has introduced all the recommendations of the VC on the Russian island project.
The Riga Government has introduced all of the five recommendations of the National Control (VC) on the development of project infrastructure on the Russian island for the transfer of port activities from the city centre, the portal Diena.lv informed the company.
The approval of the project is scheduled for the next meeting of the Riga General Board.
In order for the recommendations to be introduced according to the VC's insight into the documentation required for the implementation of the recommendations, the Riga Base Management was also guided by the conclusions of the legal and operational audit carried out by the International Auditor, Deloitte Riga, and the recommendations made to improve the project management at the next stage of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations has also been sent to the VK today.
Despite the fact that the Riga Government does not agree with the opinion issued by the VC on the usefulness of implementing the Russian island project, we are very responsible for the implementation of the project and the financing provider, the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that all construction works planned under the project have been fully completed within the deadlines and planned levels.
"In order to prove to all those involved in the implementation of the project, including the EC, VK and also the sycophants that the main objective of the alert is to successfully implement the project, we have fully implemented all the recommendations of the VC on project management and monitoring issues," says Sanita Kaire, head of the Russian island project.
The long-term operational plan for monitoring and monitoring the objective of the project was complemented by the key planned actions of the parties involved and the deadlines for the necessary decisions, the definitions of meetings and regular reporting and their deadlines, the planned monitoring instruments for the construction process, as well as the definition of key border points.
The approved action plan to achieve the objective of the project by 31 December 2018, in line with the recommendations of the GC, is complemented by monitoring activities, thereby reinforcing the control of the activities of the other parties involved in the implementation of the project from the Riga caucus.
A project management plan has been developed for the development of project management and the reduction of potential risks, defining the areas of project management and identifying the documents designed to ensure the control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
Project capacity building has developed a project management structure reflecting the planned structure of the project management team, staff qualifications and functions.
In order to improve the communication of Riga's bridging management with the parties involved in the project, a draft communication plan for stakeholders, which, in addition to the parties identified in the project action plan, is developed, defines the interested parties, the principles, types and periodicity of information exchange for the successful completion of the project.
In turn, in order to improve the control of the use of financial resources, the need for the conclusion of a service contract or the start-up of procurement, and the rule of law, will have to be further justified in future.
As part of the project, the Russian island has built an appropriate port infrastructure for global standards - four new deep-sea berths, rail fares, as well as engineering communications.
The construction works co-financed by the Cohesion Fund have been completed and put into service at the end of last year, with a savings of €10.6 million for it.
As a result of the threat, there is increased security in the airports in Slovakia.
After receiving non-specific threats, Slovakia has stepped up security measures at several airports on Friday, the Interior Ministry said.
"Given the threat, we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Popradand and Košice," a spokesman for the Slovak Interior Ministry told AFP on Friday.
"The Centre for National Security and Analysis is currently analysing the information we have received," he added.
In the Slovak capital, on 16 September, an informal European Union (EU) summit will take place with all the bloc countries except Britain.
The meeting will discuss the consequences of the British Brexit referendum and discuss the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia is the Presidency of the EU until January.
German researchers discuss the number of "victims of the Berlin Wall."
According to a new study, the number of deaths in the communist yoke, former eastern German borders, could be much greater than previously considered, but doubts about the true number of victims are still not dispersed.
According to data released on Wednesday by the Berlin Wall Museum, Checkpoint Charlie, between 1945 and 1989 at the border with Western ally zones and the latest West Germany, the Communist authorities murdered 1841 people who tried to get out of their controlled territory.
The museum's border-related deaths have been studying for years and correcting the number of victims every time.
Another 11 deaths have been added to the list this year, including among the victims including a six-year-old boy who drowned, with the family trying to get in West Germany through the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among the new victims of the Berlin Wall are also the Soviet army's defections.
"The final amount of damage caused by the double evil of communism and socialism has not yet been fully documented," says Alexander Hildebrante, director of the museum.
"Our task is to ensure that the graves of those who died in trying to escape from the communist-controlled state are maintained and not disappeared," the statement released by Hildebrantes said.
But other researchers have already questioned the new figures.
"The figure 1841 is untenable," in an interview with the Süddeutsche Zeitung, said Johens Schultz, an expert on East German History of Berlin Free University.
He is currently reviewing possible suspicious deaths at the border with other researchers from Berlin Free University, and so far they have managed to confirm only 260 cases.
Previously, researchers estimated that only 138 people were murdered by the Communists of the Berlin Wall.
Given the people who have died in trying to escape the Baltic Sea or get to the West via neighbouring territory, the number of victims could reach around a thousand.
But it is significantly less than 1841 anyway.
One of the reasons for the different victims could be the different methodologies.
The checkpoint Charlie Museum also lists all suicide cases of East Germany border guards, regardless of whether they have been directly linked to their service.
The museum also lists deaths that are not linked to direct violence.
"If the seniors aged 70 and 80 died from the heart of the border control, it must be the consequences of this "murderous border,"" Hildebrante said.
However, it is convinced that a distinction should be made between the elderly who have probably died as a result of the treatment they have experienced and those whose death has been caused by continued waiting in a hot time on a bus at the border.
Regardless of the accounting of the victims, it is not easy, because the Communist East German authorities did not accrue such statistics, and the researchers must release documents in different scattered archives, notes Station.
However, the Station Group has recently launched new documents and could therefore come up with a new estimate of the number of victims in the near future.
LPF President Pone to Rio has travelled with a trainer's accreditation; it is a surprise.
In recent days, Mr Kaspars Pone, the president of the Latvian Association of Pasting (LPF), has arrived at the Olympic Games with a trainer's accreditation, but himself feels surprised by this.
On Wednesday, a wide-ranging asteroid erupted following the remarks made by Olympic swimming champion Germana Jakubovska, who revealed that he had decided to go to Pone at the last minute, while the coach had to stay at home.
Initially, the list of drivers was confirmed by Abella Ribakova and Uva Mountain, trainer Jakubovskis and Deiva Kolini, as well as the President of the Federation, Pone.
The Latvian swimming Federation announced five players for the Olympic Games, and even before departure, Aldons Vrubnevskis claimed that the Germans would be and he was looking for tickets.
"But apparently for objective reasons, he didn't," expressed Pone, expressing the view that it did not affect the outcome of Ribacovic.
At the request of the federation, the Ultimate Coach took her to help.
Pone, who himself is a member of the LOK executive committee, strongly criticised the functioning of the LOC by shifting the blame to the organisation of Olympic sports.
In my view, it is unethical for a LOC executive committee to approve five individuals and none of them.
"I do not know why it was not enough for the swimming Federation," Pone said that there was no assessment of the work of the federation and their presidents, recalling that the presidents of the federations do not receive salaries.
Mr Pone criticised Jakubovski himself, saying that before the London Olympics, when Ribacov was not confirmed among members, he approached the International Water Sports Federation (FINA) and called on Latvia not to send any sportsmen.
Pone could not tell why he was in the Olympic Games with a trainer's accreditation, which is likely to be due to Jakubovskim.
"I was announced as president of the federation ("team leader"), but for unknown reasons I received a trainer's accreditation and now nowhere to go."
The situation changed every day, the number of available accreditation changed.
Until the last minute I think the Germans will be, because other information I didn't have.
Following the information available to LETA, a couple of days before Ribacovic started, she had a conversation with the Poni and had been with tears in the eyes, but the LPF President himself said that it had been a routine conversation with the desire to make sportsmen before the start.
Pone recalled that the LPF oversees the five sports that are in the Olympic program, with four of them being trained for children in Latvia as well.
The President of the Federation said that the issues of drowning were also very important in Latvia and that he had spoken in Rio de Janeiro for almost two weeks.
He praised the work of the federation and said that the World Cup could be held in Latvia in 2018.
Location in Rio is not my holiday, I work here, spend my time and try to implement four-year programmes.
There will be 600,000 salmon babies.
As part of the Latvenergo Fish Resources Renewal Programme this week, salmon and tampons are taking place in Daugava at Mangassala, and this year it is planning to allow more than 600 000 single-year salmon and tampons to be released from the scientific institute in Bior Tomes and Dole Fishing.
The Latvenergo Agency told LETA that the arrival of fish will continue in the coming months, with 6 300 000 species of fish and fatalities being admitted annually in the watercourses of the Daugava basin.
In the spring of 2016 and the beginning of the summer, linings and napkins will be released, in June, in July, in July, in one-summer salmon, in August and September - zandarts and vims.
Latvenergo Production Director Maris Kukickis said that environmental concerns are one of the cornerstones of the sustainable development of Latvenergo.
"In the conservation and propagating activities of fish resources, every activity is aimed at environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with the scientific institute in Bior, carrying out both the breedering and landing of fish juveniles in the Daugava basin and other activities," Kukickis said.
This year, more than 600 000 juvenile salmon and tampons will be admitted to the Daugava floor.
For the second year, baby boomers are tagged before entering, cutting off the taukspurry.
Today, there are 25,000 salmon juveniles with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Each year, the composition and numerical strength of the scientifically justified species in Daugava and the watercourses of its basin shall be accompanied by the arrival of juveniles and Mexicans.
The propagating of fishery resources in Daugava and its basin water bodies shall be carried out in accordance with the legislative acts by Bior based on the expertise of the loss of the fish resources resulting from the economic activity of Latvenergo and providing a conclusion on what compensatory measures are to be taken to ensure the diversity of fish resources.
The National Environmental Service, on the basis of that expertise, shall decide on the extent and nature of the compensation.
Latvenergo's annual compensation amount for the recovery programme of fish resources is EUR 1 035 000.
In spring 2016, Latvenergo, in cooperation with the "We Fish," replaces 400 artificial fish spawning nests in Daugava to Kaibalas and Ickailes for a fifth year.
Cooperation with the association, promoting the natural spawning of fish, is Latvenergo in addition to a supported initiative within the framework of the programme for the recovery of fish resources.
The deployment of artificial spawning nests in water is an important step in promoting the protection and propagating of fish resources in Daugava.
The "Sansuite concert hall" festival is a rural courtyard, a forest, a circus.
Sleeping in a tent, eating like a restaurant, walking in the keepers and listening to an investigated cameraman, enjoying quiet natural peace - such a combination is offered by an alternative cameraman festival in San Antonio, which has been calling for a third summer for the Aquila region.
The festival will take place in Sussex - no longer the village of a non-existent village - in the backyard, beside forests and circles.
In three days - from 12 to 14 August - a careless enjoyment of natural and academic music can be combined to five viewers.
There is a theatre and a time-consuming circus, performances and wiring here with music.
Opera and academic music, especially in its latest manifestations, find new listeners in a free and open environment without a concert of concert hall.
The distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but to a smile in the face and ease in the legs for just a couple of minutes.
"I ask not to seek a programme because we have deliberately chosen not to publish it in advance so that people do not go to one particular event or an artist, because the real taste of Sansusa can only be captured by spending all three days," calls on the festival's instigator and master, operbariton Armstrong Silins.
The festival gates on Friday at 17:00 and the first concert is premiere at 19.00.
Of course, there will be programmes with all the information on the ground.
For those who have to choose one day, recommend Saturday because it is the most saturated - from 9.00 in the morning to the next morning.
"The names of artists are available on the www.sansusi.lv website," says Armstrong Silins.
The crazed artist's butterfly includes, for example, Vijoler Eva Binder, Chelliste Kristina Blaumane, operstar Inga Mountain, klarnetists Guntis Kuzma, trompetists Janis Porietis, pianist Reinis Zara, quartet Quadra and RIX, and even Estonian Air Acquirate Grete Gross, who, together with Latvian musicians Erica Kirshfeldu, Martins Zilberts and actress Anci Strazda, set up a time-consuming circus spectacle in Confines for the artist's internal struggle.
New works have also emerged specifically for the festival.
For children, the "Insect," followed by Oil Kozlovskis and Juncle Nmanis, following the story of the Kafka story, will be attended by an entomologist (insect researcher) Ugis Piterane, with Armanu Silins, musicians and actors.
Oscar Herligan has remembered the first Strong Quartet, while Anna Kirsa, the wood opera, performanci, whose main heroes in the Andre Kalzola Master with Catherine Neiburg's video projections and Andre Essen's scripture, will be trees in three small seams of three hectares.
By singing in the voices of Laima Ledians, Dinar Rudi and Zigma Grach, they will be in a romantic relationship, just as a study by the Swedish natural scientist in the Enlightenment, Charlemagne Linneja, in the Coca Wedding (1729).
The Rio Games are today launched by one of the biggest hopes of the Latvian delegation, seven-year-old Laura Ibiza-Admidias.
At 15.35, after Latvia's time, it will start the race at 100 metres, but at 16:50 at the time of the race.
In contrast, a bullet plunge will start on Saturday at 2.35, while at 4.05 - 200 metres sprint.
The seven-fight races will be concluded on Saturday, with a distance, clearance and 800 metres.
Before the Olympic Games, Ibiza-Admidias, who fought bronze at the World Championships last year, was referred to as the contender of the Olympic Games medals.
In May, the latte installed a new national record (6622 points) and fought second place in the prestigious seven-fight races in the Austrian city of Gecisa.
Ikauniece-Admidias also took part in the 2012 London Olympics when she fought the ninth place with a recurring Latvian record.
In the last one and a half years, the sportswoman has been correcting the country's record four times.
Today, the 16 starter is also scheduled for the Latvian dancer Artura Nikiforenko, who runs the weight above 100 kilograms, leading the fight against the Azerbaijani athletes Ushi Kukauri in the first round.
This will be in the first Olympic Games.
According to LETA, the loss of a weight of up to 100 kilograms was already experienced in the first battle by the Latvian junker, Jevgeistan Borodavko.
He conceded to Japanese Hagu Rjunoski, who received bronze afterwards.
In 2000, Vsevoir Zeelonia brought the Olympic bronze gown to Latvia, but in the next four Olympic Games, the Latvian dancers scored only one victory in seven fights, which was done directly by Borodavko in London.
The premiere will be launched by Dinis Upelnieks in the shooting of the Latvian time qualifying race, but the selection will close on Saturday.
On the occasion of the official announcement of the composition of the Latvian delegation, he told LETA that it was quite safe to have been driving since April.
The athlete has arrived as one of the first Latvian athletes in the Olympic Games to make maximum use of training opportunities in the vicinity of competitions.
The 17-year-old Latvian magistrate Keane Birzule, who is competing in the vicinity of the US: X Class, will carry out three trips to the Olympic Games.
Three days later, nine trips in the Birzule co-host between 26 athletes are currently in 25 th place.
On Saturday, there will be a crucial finale for medals.
Today, it is finally scheduled to take up competition in the academic rotation, where Ireland's representative for Sanita Pfizer should be involved.
On Wednesday, the races were cancelled because of adverse weather.
Pušpure at 19.10 will compete in C/D semi-finals in solitary ladies, fighting for 13 th place in the Olympics.
On Tuesday, she fought fourth in the fourth place, from third position, which would allow the fight to be continued for the medal, dropping over 0.65 seconds.
Pušpure's 13 th place was fought four years ago in London, when it also represented Ireland.
Today, 24 medal kits will be distributed at the Olympic Games - in the shooting, lighting, bicycles, bicycle, tramping, dudo, academia, shooting, swimming, tennis and weighting.
The raid says if Clinton is elected president, then she will appoint Garland as a Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democrat leader Hardy Regency is confident that if she becomes president, then she will nominate Meriku Garlandu as chief judge of the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garlanda's approval since March when President Obama nominated him.
Senate majority leader Michel McConnelly said the next president would choose who would replace current Supreme Court Judge Antoninu Skaliu.
On Thursday, during his conference, the raid announced that it was confident Clinton would choose Garland.
A spokeswoman for the raid later said he had not personally spoken on the subject with Clinton and he had only speculated.
He praised Garland and said that the Clinton team would not want to "shake the boat" with another choice.
Garner is the chief judge of the U.S. Columbia County Court of Appeals.
The raid said Republicans blocking Garlanda's nomination are "intoxicated" and act in the interests of Republican nominee Donald Trump.
He also said that Trump is not fit for president's work.
Treatley announces cailphotography calendar for women and men.
Magazine Treats will work with photographer David Belgrade to set up the 2017 calendar in Pirreli's style in the 70 s of the 1980 s.
In their 2017 NU Lifetime calendar, they plan to involve the new generation of supermodels rather than naked celebrities.
Earlier this year, magazine Treats President Steve Schavs announced that his erotic art magazine is different from an old-fashioned Playboy because "Playboy is a male magazine."
This magazine is for women.
Looks like he's thinking the calendar too.
In a press release on the calendar, Mr Šavs said: "We need to go back to the depiction of a mysterious and classical cadre in the bile where the woman's body is not confusing but inspires both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a great work of art.
The models can sue their foes electronically or personally during the costume sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
The purchaser of the rembatee, when trying to drive a motorcycle, is running away.
On 10 August, a motorcycle of Yamaha YZ250, who has not been registered, has been stolen from a motorcycle in the backyard of a home in Rembley, which has not been registered, the National Police said.
The motorcycle owner had wanted to sell it through the advert.
At the agreed time, a potential buyer has arrived, climbed on a motorcycle as if it was tried and passed.
Officials from the National Police Riga Regional Administration Ogre Police Inspector are asking to refer to anyone who may provide any information useful to the investigation in connection with the offences that have occurred.
Request for call: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (all day).
Anonymity guaranteed for information providers.
Greenland shark is the longest-lived vertebrate - video review
Scientists claim that Greenland sharks have the longest life of all vertebrate animals on our planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nile tells us that the record of longevity belongs to a woman who could be 272 to 512 years old and five metres tall.
The French court rejects a claim to dismantle stores in the Jungle refugee camp.
The French court rejected the Calais authorities' request to dismantle dozens of self-established stores and restaurants in the Jungle refugee camp, where several thousand refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities in Calais indicated that the state would have to demolish 72 self-established stores where people are marketing different items in the camp area, ranging from cigarettes and energy drinks, offering hairdresser services, tea by 50 cents (40 p) and simple meals for some euro in self-established restaurants.
The Bureau of Calais prefect pointed out that these self-established establishments should be demolished because they form a shadow economy and do not pay taxes, as well as fire and sanitation risks.
Representatives of the humanitarian group explained to the court that these small businesses are essential because the food provided by the government and support groups does not provide the needs of the camp where the number of residents continues to rise.
They also pointed out that self-established shops and restaurants often offer free shelter and dishes for those most in need.
The Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel people who set up 72 self-established stores, but it understands the concerns of the prefect of Calais.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said food, coffee and restaurants play a bigger role than simply providing food for people living in "extremely untriguing conditions."
He pointed out that these places were peaceful meetings for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places at risk of demolition is the camp cafe "Jungle Book Kids," which provided more than 200 free meals a day, English and French language exercises and provides advice on asylum issues for hundreds of vulnerable minors without adult spending.
More than 170 000 people have signed a petition for protecting the children's cafe.
A letter addressed to the Guardian states that the liquidation of the cafe "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charities "Helping Refugees" and "L' Auberge des Migrants" were eating that the number of people in the Jungle camp had risen to 9,000 people, the highest rate since the sharp influx of migrants into the summer.
Britain gets silver in a rugby-7 series battle when Fiji's nationality struggles to win gold.
Britain's sample performance in the rugby-7 series ended on Thursday, when in a fascinating finale at Deodoro's stadium, Rio Fiji's national team convincingly smashed them with a result 43: 7.
Fiji demonstrated a mesterclass in the management of the ball, the balls are playing with a leg, a support in the game and a brutal strength in the game, beating gold - the first Olympic medal in its history of existence.
The defeat brought a respectable consolation prize - a silver medal that was Britain's third medal on the day. Britain's display can be proud of its success in the first Olympic rugby-7 tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The hard fight in the semi-finals, in which the Boks team suffered defeat with the result 7: 5 days in the first half, probably beat Britain in the final.
But in any case, Fiji's display is currently in its best form to win the 15-man team as well.
Although unlikely, however, some consolation to Britain could be the fact that at least one Briton won a gold medal. This is Fiji's sample chief trainer, Ben Raiens, a former England coach from Vimblham.
For Britain it was a fascinating adventure.
Eight years ago, at the helm of Raiena, they lost all games during the rugby-7 series Adelaidē.
This time they lost just one game.
This defeat is painful, but progress is astonishing.
Fiji spectacularly launched a machete, reproducing the British forces' ways of joy.
For captain Tommy Michel and comrades, it was like a comeback with several front-running coaches and the World Series champions scored in the lead with 5: 0 when Osea Kolinisau scored the first inning.
In the last four minutes, Valls Tuwai also increased the dominance in the right wing.
Result 12: 0 and the British team didn't even really touch the ball.
Mychel's superb strength technique prevented the likely Leoni Nakaravam from scoring three points, but it only slightly affected Fiji's result.
In the seventh minute of the game, Jasa Veremalua scored in the right corner, strengthening the dominance over Britain to 17: 0.
After the game, Nakarava further increased the dominance and until the end had remained more than a minute... the end of the first half-time.
Vatemo Ravouvou avoided some clumsy British force techniques and crossed the line by scoring points.
The underground secured the result 29: 0.
It seemed Fiji was born to play rugby-7 games while the British are still learning.
In fact, it is also true.
The British team made a profound change at half-time, breaking the Fiji players' line... the full four minutes, which were good after the first half-time standards, until Djokovic Tuisova, after a fantastic team match, scored a few more points for the Fiji team.
Denim Norton managed to score points for the good of the British team, carrying the ground in the left corner and achieving the result 36: 7, but the game had already been lost, while South Sea salesmen fans sang, waved flags and danced in the tricks.
It is impossible not to admire Fiji's approach.
Mata Viliary made Fiji win even more sweet with another landing at the end of the game.
At the end of the game, the Fiji could start celebrating, but the British were able to sit in the hall after defeat.
In the first half of the day, Fiji beat Japan with a result of 20: 5, the batting Britons were superior to South Africa, where the two teams scored in a very fierce battle and the South Africans lost only a few points.
In the first half, Kai Braun raised the Boks team at the helm, but in the second half, Dame Norton crossed the line with a spineless meteor and brought the ball between the staffers, providing the British for victory.
Marusa Vatson, who is the brother of England rugby-15 team player Antonia, gave the team a victory and another silver medal at the end of the game.
The Coach's battle with cancer has inspired Helen Glover and Heteri Stanings to win the rowing races.
It will be the most emotional gold medal in these races and it already makes a lot.
From the first to last, the golden moment of Helen Gloves and Heteres Stanings played a special role in Estaio da Lagoa trash.
Although it was only her two, there were three votes in the boat, one of which was Robin Village's echo, which continued to inspire her until the second Olympic gold medal was acquired for a pair of roaring women, which was the first success of this kind in the history of British sport.
They were completely dominated and, after all, their 39 th race became an unrivalled, unprecedented victory.
These two excellent sportsmen with a sleek elegant on the surface of the water completely do not reflect this triumph.
Behind the gold medal of each obtained gold, there is a whole team that works hard for athletes to improve their performance in concert and the greatest contribution to their performance was given by a trainer who, 30 months ago, did not know whether he was going to experience this day because he was diagnosed with cancer.
After what she said, it disappeared as quickly as it appeared.
I had the cancer of urine, which is one of those that can be operated and that has happened.
If not, it would spread across the body.
And the situation would become very bad.
It changes your vision slightly.
Herbal cancer was discovered in December 2013.
This trio was lucky that William could have started the recovery procedure at the beginning of the 2014 interseason and reduced the length of the break to a minimum if it can say.
I needed income so I had to recover quickly.
It was an incentive to recover.
I was in hospital and, at a time when there would have been a few steps, I took 6, 10 and even 15 metres of distance.
That's how it all started.
Rotting itself is a challenge, but this time it was even bigger.
After the victory, the first thought was immediately about William, whose morning was full of excitement and who was more worried about it than usual.
Standing in the Royal Artillery unit in Afghanistan said: "This was an emotionally hard week, but it means very much to me."
It just confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have worked.
With Helen and Robin the last 3 years have been great.
Without Robin we would have achieved nothing, so a huge thank him, he is the best coach in the world.
I can't imagine a better man with whom to train together or a better trainer.
Helen Glover and Hetere Staninga have not lost any races in five years.
The couple are reaching such a huge speed with which competitors cannot compete.
Even in the last 500 metres, when teams from New Zealand and Dallas started getting closer, Staningham and Gloves were overwhelmingly superior.
We felt every moment.
Helena shouted: "Keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not losing focus is really important.
We managed a good start, but at the same time we did not have high expectations.
On that day, we had no intention of overthrowing the record, but simply doing well and winning the race, and that is what we did.
The couple will take a year break before deciding what to do next.
Next month, Glover and TV adventure-seeker Steve Bashalam will have a wedding.
For the time being, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
That would have been too much pressure.
In London, it took me about six months to realise I'm an Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very worried.
This time it took about four minutes.
She said: "The feeling is fantastic."
A unique opportunity to look at the fantastic architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library.
Learn more about the Central The library of the city, as the Association of Architectural historians in Southern California holds a meeting with the "Los Angeles Central Library: The History of the Arts and Architecture" Arnold Schvarcmanu and Stin.
Jacket and Schvartsman plan to discuss and show images showing the design of the 1926 Bertrama Gudhue, as well as the 1993 restoration and the additions of Hardy Holcman's Feifera team.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14:00 to 16:00. Salle Moderne Hall, Art Deco Diethwest Legal School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire bullets.
Visitors will be able to look at the central halle, the screening room, the locker room and the tea room.
Tickets must be bought previously; SAH/SCC members, $15; others, $25.
The nice and ominous DTLA boomers are experiencing a cohesive change,
Celebrating the 90 th anniversary of Los Angeles Central Bibliothetics - with what else? - as a new book!
He will be "driving up to the last" in the head of the Revenue Service.
According to his statement, Prime Minister Marim Kucinskis (Greens/Farmers Union) and Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens/Farmers Union) are already "fundamentally important" in order to approve the candidates for the financial minister in Koleecou as leader of the Revenue Service.
Rajevskis estimated that both Kucinskis and Reizniece-Ozola, in this government, approval of the leader of the Revenue Service is the "first big decision" that may affect him as a politician's future.
If the position is now started to change the choice of the leader of the Revenue Service, then it will have a negative impact on their impoverishment in the public administration.
On the agenda of next week's meeting of the Ministerial Cabinet, the issue of the transfer of VVD to the Director General of the Revenue Service is included, according to the government's agenda.
Mr Reizniece-Ozola, Minister for Finance, was driven by Finance Minister Reizniece-Ozola following the resignation of Inary Peterson from the management of the service and when the contest to the Director General of the Revenue Service expired without the result.
In an interview on Thursday 11 August, the executive director of the Revenue Service, Dace Peley, admitted in an interview on Latvian Radio - if she was offered to run for a leader, she could agree.
The Finance Minister later admitted that other candidates for the posting of the Revenue Service were not yet considered.
Raivis Dzintarar, head of the National Alliance's Saeima faction, also admitted that the NA was increasingly supporting the Cowecou Revenue Service.
In Spain, the possibilities for reducing the deficit are threatening the inability to form a government.
A month ago, on 12 July, the European Commission (EC) issued an opinion that Spain and Portugal had not taken sufficient measures to reduce the deficit levels to 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) required by the euro area.
Estimates show that despite the austerity measures being implemented, Portugal's budget deficit was 4.4% of GDP at the end of last year and 5.1% in Spain.
However, the European Commission decided not to apply economic sanctions to both countries while setting fiscal targets for the near term.
One of the reasons why the EC did not introduce sanctions against the two countries, however, is the growing euroscepticism in many countries of the European Union.
Additional sanctions would only increase such negative sentiment.
Critics both point out that the EC is not consistent in its decisions, from the beginning of agreement on uniform rules and then unable to apply them in life.
For example, the President of Germany Bundesbankas, Jens Veidmanna, stated that Europe is losing credibility in this way, giving citizens the impression that the rules of the European Union are not binding, rather than binding.
Now the EC has proposed and all Member States have approved the extension of the deadline for adjusting the deficit by the end of this year for Portugal and by 2018 for Spain.
The European Commission is promising to examine the progress made by both countries in the coming months, while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal must be prepared to introduce further austerity measures if circumstances require.
Initial forecasts show that the target set for Portugal could be achieved in due time and that this year's budget deficit could fall to 2.5% of gross domestic product.
This means that, within the framework of the Stability Programme, the government of this country must implement austerity measures of 0.25% of GDP this year.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, with additional attention being paid to controlling the cost of procurement of goods and services.
In the case of Spain, the situation is much more complex.
This year, the budget deficit should be reduced to 4.6%, next year to 3.1% and to 2.2% of GDP in 2018.
In addition, consolidation measures should be 0.5% of GDP per year in the next two years.
It is particularly difficult to achieve these objectives that, for eight months, the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the formation of a government, and it is becoming increasingly possible that Spain may have to hold early parliamentary elections for the third time in a year.
However, opinion polls show that the political picture of the third elections in the country would not change substantially.
The most popular party remains the popular party of the current Prime Minister, Mariano Rahoja, who would once again gain part-time 33% of the votes.
Their popularity has been slightly propagated by only socialists, while the anti-austerity party Podemos, or "Together we can" and the popularity of Ciudadanos, or "Citizens," has slightly diminished.
The People's Party wants the involvement of Socialists and Ciudadanos in government still this month, otherwise it will not be possible to adopt and submit to the European Commission for approval for the 2017 draft budget by mid-October.
According to Mr Rafael Hernando, a representative of the Parliamentary faction of the People's Party, if the government is to be established and parliamentary elections are also organised for the third time, Spain will become a laughing stock of the whole of Europe.
The purity of beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
For the fifth year on the beach, activists have concluded that, unfortunately, the number of waste found is increasing every year, and there are mostly bathing visitors to blame.
The most polluted bathing sites are in Riga.
The Capital City Council explains that bathing sites are met on a daily basis, but the fight against unclean visitors is very difficult.
In addition, land-left waste can be sketched in water during rainfall, thereby greatly damaging its quality.
Apart from Liepaja beach and separate places in Kurzeme, the purity of beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical.
Such a statement has been distributed this week by the "My Sea" volunteers.
On the foot of the fifth year, on the road along the Gulf of Riga, activists have concluded that the number of waste left by the population has risen every hundred metres.
Unfortunately, this year, this is a critical assessment.
"We see this will be a year when the number of garbage on the beach for 100 metres is likely to even exceed 200 units," says Janis Ulma, a spokesman for the expedition "My Sea."
According to the Latvian Radio, he was on the beach of Thai, where the voluntary march along the Gulf of Riga continues.
This year, even fluorescent lamps left in the sea sands have been collected between different municipal waste and picnic remnants.
The voyage participant and organiser Ulma said, it is the citizens who blame the pollution.
"The main source is the beach visitors themselves, because more than half of the total waste is plastic, different waste, starting with bags, plastic pieces that are already at the stage of degradation, they are no longer able to identify, and smoke, bottles, corks," Ulma said.
There are also bathing sites between the most dirty beaches in Riga.
For example, nearly 800 waste units have been collected on average every hundred metres per hundred metres, which is critical.
The organisers of the campaign also explain that, almost every step, there are no warnings or banning marks on a step-by-step basis.
"The average figures for all three Riga bathing sites, together with Daugavar, Vacarbuos and Vecks, are unfortunately high and far beyond the desired objective, which is as if Latvia is moving, reducing the number of waste units to 135 units by 2020," the environmental defender concludes.
The cleaning of bathing sites in Riga on a daily basis, in the hot days of the summer, even twice, the Duma spokesman Ugis Vidauskis said.
However, the struggle with the unclean visitors is quite difficult.
We are back on the cultural issue of these people.
"For those who eat, use alcohol, smoke and do all those things that may not, even special characters do not work," Vidauskis says.
Therefore, Vidauskis calls on bathing visitors to report polluters to the police as well.
Can call the police, safely point out these violations and in that way all fight.
Perhaps some new warnings can be imposed, but as I said, it is hardly a radical change.
"As everyone together simply has to turn and be intolerant to such violators," he emphasizes.
Meanwhile, water quality measurements have been carried out for the fourth time this summer by the Health Inspection, which may impose a ban on official bathing sites.
This year, as well as other years, water quality is good and satisfactory everywhere.
At the moment, the situation is that, in all 56 bathing areas, water quality has been good at all times and there are no bathing limits.
"For the last time, we will take the analyses at the end of August," says Normund Kadika, senior expert on environmental health.
Land-left waste can be sketched in water during heavy rainfall.
This may, in turn, affect its quality, the environmental specialist says.
Rotation in the Russian elite continues - a change of leader in the Putin administration.
Left office himself?
Vladimir Putin told Russian media that Sergei Ivanov would leave the post and will continue to be the president's Special Representative for Nature Protection, Ecology and Transport.
Announcing the changes, Putin, in front of television cameras, devoted Ivanov's welcoming words: "The honourable Sergei Borisov, we are working together with you for many years and doing it successfully."
I am satisfied with the way in which you are fulfilling the duties entrusted to you.
I remember well about our agreement not to use you in this presidential administration for more than four years.
I therefore treat your desire to change the field of activity with awareness.
And I hope that you will also make full use of your knowledge and experience in the new post.
But it is highlighted that running the presidential administration is a very significant post and that made Ivanova one of the most influential people in the country.
In view of the forthcoming Duma elections in Russia, rumours have been made that this step is linked to the fight for power in the Russian political elite.
Ivanov was also called a possible replacement for Putin as president, so the claim that he himself wanted to take the president's office on nature protection and transport issues has raised doubts.
As the Lsm.lv Archives show, Ivanov is the Secret Service of the VDK and the Federal Security Service.
Ivanov has been an old and close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He launched his course of his course in 1975, where he was acquainted with Putin.
Later, Putin became head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
At the end of the first Russian President, Boris Yeltsin, he was designated as secretary of the Russian Security Council.
In 2000, after Putin came to power, Ivanova's "Information Security Doctrine," which included a revival of state censorship mechanisms, was confirmed in Russia.
In 2001, Sergei Ivanov became Russia's defence minister, but already in 2005, as Deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkova and was responsible for the development of Russian defence industry companies and arms exports.
Now, after leaving the president's administration, Ivanov will also keep the place in the Russian National Security Council, where the new president of the president's administration will also work.
The blame comes from the family in the Soviet party elite.
The President of the President's administration has been nominated by Ivanova himself.
We have known Anton Eduardović long ago.
Still from those times when you worked in government under your leadership.
And for the last nearly five years we are contacting practically every day.
"I am therefore convinced that, after all professional and personal characteristics, he is ready for this work," Ivanov said.
Blame comes from the family who belonged to the elite of the Soviet party.
His grandfather, Karl, took high positions in the Estonian Communist Party, including a decade until 1988, was its first secretary.
The Internet edition "Meduza" with reference to the book "Estonian self-determination and independence" writes that, at the end of the 80 s, Karl Blames has asked Moscow to allow the use of force against demonstrators.
However, he has received a refusal and lost his office shortly.
Shortly afterwards, the blame has moved to live to Moscow.
Anton Price has graduated from the Moscow Institute of International Relations and manages the Japanese.
However, he has gone from the diplomatic service to work in the administration of the Presidential Protocol.
It has already been reported that the latest unsung Russia has been shaken by the quitting and even arrests of several high-ranking officials, including the replacement of several district governors and federal representatives.
As politicologists point out, President Vladimir Putin is rearranging the ruling elite ahead of the forthcoming elections in 2018.
One of the main features is that representatives of the bodies are increasingly responsible for managing positions.
In the first battle of the Olympic Games, Mr Nikiforenko is also losing the Olympic Games.
This was the battle in the first round, and the Latvian junker has concluded his participation in the Olympic Games by finalizing 17 th.
Coach Oleg Baskins told Latvian Television that Nikiforenko's hope had been very few and had already been clear before the races.
He also revealed that he had suffered a shoulder injury in the fight.
It is remarkable that, in order to meet the Olympic road signs, Nikiforenko had to be opened in another category of weight than in the weight category to 100 kilograms.
The Azerbaijani cockpit was 25 kilograms heavier.
It has already been reported that Jevgeans in the Borodavko battle in the weight category to 100 kilograms against Rjunosuki held two-and-a-half minutes until the opponent succeeded in a net victory.
Consequently, Latvia has concluded the Rio de Janeiro competition.
Dreams disappear in the Rio sand.
Thursday was entered by Danish Jevgette Borodavko.
Yes, he had a more patriotic opponent, but the ambitious times can come as a surprise.
He did not work.
For Artura, Nikiforenko's task was even more complex, as experience less and prejudiced.
The outcome was similar, although he held up nearly one and a half minutes longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, in recent times, it is precisely the ambition of the Latvian jihadists that are missing the most.
From the top of the federation, Gunar Kirson and his financial shuttle Vladimir Šestakov, Alexander Jackevich passed from Latvia, are no longer "Golden Score" - the development of the dudo is on the downward curve.
Jackevich, who advises Kazakhstan's dancers here, and the heirs of Vsevoldam Zeelonia do not see.
But if you don't grow up, there won't be.
And that is the prerogative of the federation.
Therefore, as from another galaxy in the "Morning Panorama," the promise of the President of the Latvian Federation of Genudo in Rio to fight the medals was marked.
Flight far from reality.
In the evening, we looked forward to the beach volleyball machete Samoilov/Schmitry - Evandru/Pedru Solberg.
Intrigue as already in the "death" group - losers at the end of the game.
The Latvian duet had a small derogation - could also lose, but no more than four points in two setches.
The protracted previous game was still growing.
No one wanted to die - this feeling over the heels was over the whole machete.
For players, the fluid wind caused additional complications.
At the beginning, it seemed to be ours - which is more comprehensive - an ally.
But didn't become.
The Latvian duet was quite easy to play here.
It is so on Samoilov and waiting for him to fall.
Against Canada, it rained against Cuba at the end of the first six and the third started, because the load was not a joke.
The was able to poke at the time, because there was little work, but when it was, it was done.
Brasilans Samoilov was able to win two semifinals with Schmitry as he took the lead with 16:15 in the first place, but 16 remained, also extending the missed points limit.
But it could also have been lost with 0: 2, because the deficit was -4 in the second six, but also, thanks to the wind, we managed to win.
The third already rolled into the Evandru Series sign.
There was a chain - an inconclusive reception, the second match often flies too close to the net and the Samoilov remained very few options for a successful attack.
If there was one alien Samoilov to the Cubans on the pitch, then this time he worked more successfully, and only the Saxon would be unprofessional.
Klopp was wrong, too, and it was symbolic that he was hit by the last ball.
Lose the team.
This time, it was certainly good luck: in the third semester alone, two Evandra attacks almost flew outside the corte, but the ball hit the line.
Two atheists were next to the line.
The video of the controversial episodes also decided to be good for opponents.
If, in the first two games, Evandru mocked with servics, they were very productive against ours.
Everything together summed up the loss to the tabloid.
There is now a peaceful analysis of the causes of failure.
Maybe it should have been as many live next to the stadium, not along with the delegation in the Olympic village.
Two-and-a-half hours passed on the road.
Perhaps a bit of self-confidence was given by a seven-semi-final series.
Perhaps it should not have been played in Klangenfurt, but more quickly to come here and better accentuate.
Perhaps there was a mistake with finding the top of the sportic form.
For the time being, there are more than answers.
Our biscuits are over.
The dream of medals is over.
What next?
There are still some World Cup tournaments and also the Jurmala Masters.
There have never been friends with Samoilov in life and they will not be, because there are too different personalities.
But it is not necessary either.
When the dream of Olympic medals has collapsed, the idea of divorce may also arise, because the guilt will not only be sought, but also in the partner.
It is not difficult to decide, but it will be much harder to find a decent partner in Latvia.
The two brothers are playing the ball, but Janis has already tried and passed with Toma, while Mikhail Samoilov is still too green to start conquering the top of the world.
I can try Harald Regge, Alexander Soloves, Edgar Tower, to return to Martins Pelva, but it will not be better than this option, which has not shown itself at the World Cup.
Kopakabana sand did not smile for them this time.
And everything.
Of course, it should also be taken into account that beach volleyball is becoming more popular, new couples enter circulation, and only the rare vegetable is less than two metres.
It does not guarantee success yet, but there is a fundamental argument in the fight for victory.
Ours is longer staying.
Both athletes and journalists have the opportunity to play in the places offered by the players and to choose their own.
The US basketball sample lives on a cruise ship, part of the tenacist does not stay in the Olympic village.
Similarly, part of the beach volleymen have searched the hotel in Kopakabana.
This time, heavily exaggerated prices were required for the relatively modest nightclubs offered to journalists.
Therefore, the choice also fell to the Irish.
The risk is, because sometimes they can be awkward from a logistical point of view.
This time, the risk is justified.
Along with Vladimir Vladimirović, renting hardware on the brink of Kopakabana and Ipanham.
Beach 200 metres away, bake arena in half-hour march.
The district is safe because the favelas patch, but the vigilance must not be lost.
Vladimir Vladimirovich is not what some people imagine, but the most professional sports journalist in the Russian media, Vladimir Ivanov.
P.s. It looks like another medal dream was dreamed up on Friday morning.
In the 100-metre barrier, Laura Ibiza-Admidigan left behind his personal record.
But there are still five disciplines.
After a 10-year break, "Porgium and Besa" sounds in Liepaja.
In Latvia, Opera Porgium and Besa were experienced in the Latvian National Opera in 1973.
Since then, the internationally recognised eyebroker has repeatedly not been brought up.
This is precisely why the organisers of the Cats Arts Festival and the Liepaja Arts Forum have decided, in close cooperation, to give the listeners the opportunity to enjoy the sheriff's eyeliner.
"We are very pleased that, after a ten-year break, when the last time Liepaja was able to enjoy the operas of the opera, this excellent version of the "Porgium and Besa" opera of this magnificent George Güblin's opera is to be enjoyed by us in the new, newly-identified concert hall, "The Great Points," says Baiba Boze, head of the concert hall.
The Opera "Porgium and Besa" is a spineless story of love, its inconsistency, passion, as well as municipal tragedies and simple day-to-day joys.
It reflects aAFAmerican vitality, music and rhythm.
Just this lack of political correctness in this opera, this exclusion of tolerance makes it so alive.
"And yes, this mythical story is extremely strong, extremely beautiful and somehow really deep," says Consturs Kairik.
What I like most of all - listening to or tearing up this opera - is always the sticking points - the famous melody, famous motives, but these shifts from one character to another, highlighting one person or another personality, or chorus, or orchestra.
"It's the most exciting, this construct," the opera is appreciated by the musical conductor of the opera "Porgium and Besa" and the diritive Andris Pogba.
Opera visitors agree that this is a grandiose event.
It is a great pleasure for them to hear this world-famous Guervina opera.
It is a shame that the world's breath can be felt in Liepaja.
"Performance professional," opera is assessed by visitor Edgar Lam.
The concussion was special with the opening of the Orchestra in the newly-identified concert hall for the first time in the orchestra and the first time the opera concussion took place.
On the ground, the renovated building of the Museum of Arts could be named in the name of Jerome Rozenphone.
Riga's Vice-Mayor Andris America said at the opening of the Rozenstein anniversary exhibition that the museum's own address could also be in the future of Bodham Valdemar in 10a, but Jerome Rozenfar Square 1.
The museum's director, Mara Lüle, acknowledged that the re-registration of the address would create a good bureaucratic burden, but generally welcomed this idea and therefore agreed to the local government's proposal.
The city of Riga has put its kind of base stone in 1936, setting up a Burkarda Diza monument for Janim Rozenfar, who stands at the museum.
The former director of the museum, Vilhelma Purple, was one of the promoters for building this monument.
That way, this further activity could be purely logical.
I have a little bit of heartache for me all the time - but Wilhelm Purple, where we will put his name on the?!
"But if you, America, you promise to think..." said Lock.
The National Arts Museum building, after an ambitious reconstruction and modernisation, was officially worth this year in May.
This week will finally launch the reconstruction of the VEF Cultural Palace.
The palace for an estimated €11 million will be restored to "Velva."
It is planned to renovate several palace rooms, including two spectator drugs, as well as adapting the building to people with movement impairments.
The Riga City Council intends to attract €six million of EU funds to the project, but Oleg Burov, director of the Riga City Department, recognises that there is still no complete clarity on the project for European funds.
"Despite the political will to launch the VEF Cultural Palace for repairs by attracting European Structural Funds, we are waiting for months for a decision, real action from officials from the Ministry of Finance, it will be money allocated or not," says Burov.
Last December we were told that everything depends on Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Ministry of Finance received a letter from the European Commission that I decided that Brussels is not taking a decision here.
Now we see that another round of discussion is emerging, now we will see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council undoubtedly guarantees that this process will be initiated and completed within the deadlines," says Burov.
It has already been reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, the VEF Cultural Palace collectively held a farewell concert before, immediately, the renovation of the forthcoming building.
Although last year, the refurbishment of the building was still not started and collectively continued to work in unsuitable conditions.
In the strategy of the Riga Duma Property Department, the refurbishment of the VEF Cultural Palace is divided into seemingly independent renovation work, where each will ensure the implementation of different palace functions.
First - increasing the availability of the VEF Cultural Palace and the development of the surrounding area.
It is intended to clean up the surroundings and engineering, and to reconstruct the assembly of the building.
Second - improving the supply of VEF Cultural Palace services.
It plans to improve the building's interior, walls and ceilings, the improvement of the scene and sound records, and to clean up the internal engineering of the building.
Third - Improving the collective working conditions of creative amateur professionals, which include plans to improve workshop equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Before the "Large" 40 th anniversary, the legendary rookie group can be consulted at an exhibition in Liepaja.
The exhibition will cover different objects of "Large" - photographs arranged at the time line to reflect the group's activities from the beginning to 2010, when the end of the group is announced.
Similarly, participants' viewers, musical instruments, awards and concert characters will be presented, as well as other unprecedented cases for the wider public, reflecting the creative activity of the "Lies" group.
The exhibition will be extended to the sites of the Liepaja Museum.
The visual presentation of the exhibition is in collaboration with the fashion artist and the painting Elite Patmalian.
Also, musicians who have been associated with the group "Lies" and their relatives, referred to the call and shared both objects and memories.
"Light" dates back to 1972, when a vaporal instrumentalist was created in the Liepaja Cultural House, led by Juris Paviltoli.
The original assembly was part of the "Liepaja Points" festival in 1972 and 1974, as well as in the city and republic.
In 1976, the fatal meeting took place when Juris Pavlentoli took note of Erican Chemiceli and the Metalurgs Cultural Palace founded a group calling for the accession of Ingrid Gürmani, Andre Kroes and Janis Groods.
Over the years, the composition of the group has occurred not once.
Participants have joined, others have gone their way, some returned.
Above all, however, the desire to testify that the Latvian rock music is able to live and exist - remains unchanged.
"I can see that there is no shortage - džinsoti, matey and beards, these boys are feeling very different from the typical model of elegance," the group says of music watchdog Kate Vates.
In the group without the aforementioned musicians, there were excellent musicians such as Igo, Village Krievins, Modris Šterns, Valdis Štarks, Laima Rally, Tel Pusbarnieks, Ainars Virga, Aivars Be, Guntars Mucenieks, Dainis Virga, Thomas Kleins, and many others.
Entrance to an exhibition free.
The exhibition will be seen from 19 August to 30 October.
On 27 August, "Lies, winds" will take place in Liepaja's concussion of "Lies, winds" for the 40-year anniversary of "LSVIfest 2."
There is inflation in Bulgaria for the first time in 8 months.
In July, Bulgaria's national statistics showed 1% monthly inflation.
This is the highest rate since 2012 and the first rate above zero since last October, when it was positive (0.2%).
Annual average inflation after PCI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), compared to the previous year, was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared with the previous year, was 101.9 percent and monthly average inflation was 1.0 percent.
Since the start of the year, the inflation rate was -0.2% (July 2016, compared to December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month, in July 2016 there was a rise in prices for such consumer groups: dishes and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); entertainment and cultural events (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%); household goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell for clothing and shoes (2.2%); housing facilities, household appliances and regular home cleaning (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at last month's level for alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Boggy Stankevics: The time is coming, and the truth is uplifting.
The Archbishop of the Catholic Church of Latvia, Metropolitan Boggy Stankevics, said in an interview with the Independent that if we want to have a life, it should be a message of the Evangelical.
Because the strength of truth is bigger than the devil of evil.
Many are already on the way to hosting the most sacred Junava Marie Skies in Agora.
What message will the believers get there this year?
In recent years, the desire to lead the main service in Agora has been expressed by the Pope.
Hence the content of the main message is in his terms.
It is also a kind of tradition that the Cross Road is led by Bishop Janis Bulis.
He will make his own message, too.
I run a festive vigil goddess on the previous day.
Last year, I turned to Pope Francis's encyclical "Lauxo si" and updated the combined house, the Earth's theme in Latvia's context.
This year... Of course I am watching what is happening in the world and trying to respond to it in my address.
My approach coincides with the church's recommended that the Evangelical message should be put at the heart of life.
It must be demonstrated that Evangelical responds to the most vulnerable problems of human life and gives him an inspiration for a further road.
Then it addresses people.
But in Cats, the Lamp discussion, you said "go back to understanding the full man."
What do you mean by that?
Does that mean the man is turning away from the church narrative?
And does the church have such a return resource today?
A dying man is robbed in the Indian capital.
In the Indian capital, no one has ever known about a dying man who is dying on the road - it turns out that he has slept at the side of the road for an hour and then has been robbed, informed the BBC.
It is reported that the man, identified as Matilla, travelled with the rig on the day, but worked on the guard at night.
Matilla has travelled to home on the road in 5:30 in the morning when the passenger car crashed.
The observatory's record shows the driver jumped out of the car to look at the victim, and then passed away.
After an hour, when no one has spoken about the bleeding man, he has been robbed by someone.
About 90 minutes after the shooting, police and the victim were taken to hospital where the injuries suffered.
By recalling his candidacy to the Director General of the National Revenue Service (Revenue Service), Inga Koleegova, head of the National Environmental Service, has bailed out the government from the fall, said Professor Ojar Skudra, associate professor of social sciences at the University of Latvia.
Clarkson's explanation of the withdrawal of the candidacy in connection with the controversy in the ruling coalition is attributable to the fact that she has prevented the fall of the government.
In a conversation with LETA, he said it was hard to imagine that "Unity" would support the Koreocoas candidacy next week.
So if the "Unity" ministers voted against, but Koleecou would be so approved in office, it would lead to the government's demise.
In addition, the expert considers that, before the announcement of the withdrawal of the candidacy, Koleegova has consulted both Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola and Prime Minister Mari Kucinskis.
At the same time, it is also a concession to Unity, which strongly opposed her candidacy.
In anticipation of the possibility of finding a suitable candidate through the competition, Skudra admitted that there are two options: either a compromise figure will be selected or the institution as Director-General will continue to run Dace Peley.
At the same time, he points out that if the finance minister has so far claimed that no other nomination is being considered, it is a hint of the grey that should not be part of the contest.
LETA has already announced that the head of the National Environmental Service, Koleegova, has decided to withdraw his candidacy as Director General for the Revenue Service.
As a result of the "unity" objections, the government postponed the approval of Koleecoa on Tuesday to the Director General of the Revenue Service.
After the government's decision to postpone the decision, Kolegova testified that he was still prepared to become leader of the Revenue Service.
Later, however, the thoughts changed - on Friday, in the submission to Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola, she points out that she is withdrawing her consent to the posting of the Head of Revenue and this is not an easy choice for her.
Prime Minister Mara Kucinskis' press secretary, Andrei Vaivar, told LETA that a new competition would be organised for the vacant Director General of the Revenue Service.
An accident involving a police car has occurred at the Riga Centre.
A road accident involving a national police car has taken place this afternoon at the Riga Centre.
A police car with locked sounds and light signals rushed to a top-grade call until the Knights Baron and Dmill Street crossed with another car at the crossing.
The police explained the circumstances, but the initial information shows that the other guy has missed a police car.
A woman affected by the accident.
The population has fallen in Riga this year
At the beginning of this year, Riga had 638 784 inhabitants, up 0.34% less than in 2015, when 641 000 inhabitants were officially registered in the capital, LETA was informed by the Central Statistical Administration (CSP).
In terms of population, the Latvian capital ranks 30 th in the European Union (EU) capitals and large cities with a population of more than one million.
According to Eurostat figures, Riga has the highest percentage of women - the Latvian capital is overwhelmingly in the first place among Europe's largest cities with 127 women per 100 men.
In all three capitals of the Baltic States, there is the highest proportion of women in Europe's largest cities: in Vilnius they are 123, but in Tallinn 121 women per 100 men.
The LNMM will deploy warning pictograms.
In the coming days, warning signs - pictograms - will be deployed to the Latvian National Arts Museum (LNMM), Riga City Department spokeswoman Baiba Gayle told LETA.
It has now been successfully completed to repair the damage caused by the museum's sticky intrigue, which resulted from the performance of the sketching.
Warning pictograms will be deployed to them in the coming days.
Its citizens will have the message that the coverage tends to be slippery during rain and snow and must not be transported by cars, as well as bicycles, muscles and muscles.
Mr Ušakov was also written on Facebook on the social network, which pointed out that no safety risks were caused, but "looks unabashed" and the sketching will "come to heal."
For children and parents, new children's playgrounds have been installed in Riga.
During this summer's season, the Riga municipality has installed even two new playgrounds in the city, China and Chiekala, which are already available to children.
A large, multi-functional toy vessel has been installed on the beach with different features, bridges, games, trubs and slides.
The playground is designed for children of all ages.
Poles and different components of balancing are also installed on the pitch.
The fantasy world for small shipping is the location of an amusement on the coast of Daugava with a view to the passenger port and the cruise ships that are visible there.
In the playground, the games house, batting, stepping track, balance bridge, playground, playground and other elements of games, as well as the vignette area with purse forces and coordination coaching, co-ops, etc. sports elements, are installed in the playground between Cincinnati's 4 th and 5 th crossing lines.
Under the pitch, rubber cover in different colours.
Up to the playground, a new, colourful cover of bruise has been put on the side of the street.
An open reconstructed road section has been discovered in the medal.
Transport Minister Uldis Augustis, VAS Latvian National Roads (LVC), as well as the building group Binders and municipalities, today discovered the main road of the reconstructed country's main road Russian border (Grebnesta) - the Rözekne-Daugavpils-Lithuania border (Medumi) (A13), from the Medums to the Lithuanian border (156.4-163.05. km).
Roads are a national visitor card, special border routes, so it is particularly pleasing to discover a reconstructed phase on the border with our southern neighbours.
This is another example of the fact that, thanks to the co-financing of European Union funds, the situation on the country's main roads is improving.
"As the forecasts show, the funds available in the course of this programming period will be absorbed as early as 2018, and we need to think about continuing to maintain the most congested roads in a very good quality, and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all regions of Latvia without European Union funding," turning the symbolic lent on Uldis Augusta.
The Transport Minister also pointed out that the proposals made by traffic experts on sustainable funding for Latvia's roads will be presented in government at the time.
Construction works from Medums to Lithuania's border (156.4-163.05. km) SIA Binders launched last year and continued this year after the technological break.
The cost of reconstruction is EUR 13.5 million (including VAT), co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"There is a fully renewed road design in the reconstructed road and will start repairs next stage from the Medums to Daugavpils, so that all the way from Lithuania's border to Daugavpils will be sorted," said Janis Lange, chairman of the LVC board.
The country's main roads are the most congested, and by 2018 we are planning to get all the country's main roads in good condition.
The next task will be to maintain them in good quality by ensuring periodic maintenance and the replacement of asphalt every 7-9 years.
"This will, of course, require appropriate funding, and all the royals look forward to the proposals made by the expert group to clean up the road financing system," Lange said.
Road connections and lighting at the centre of Medums are arranged within the framework of the project.
Significant land works have been carried out: in four stages, large-scale restraining and large-scale arrivals and inflammation works, smoothed down the road gardener, which was very uneven so far.
Public transport stops have also been restored and a rebuilding pitch for public transport has been rebuilt.
In the past, there was a lack of capacity and the podium of the area was not transparent due to mountainous valleys, as well as the old road common ground.
The next construction season plans to restore the road section from the city of Daugavpils to the now reconstructed stage (144.80-156.40. km).
This year, LVC plans to carry out various types of work in more than 1,100 kilometres of the country's roads.
Information on all renovations planned for the national road network this year is available at www.enceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired results of weight reduction, the right choice of food mix is very important," says Laura Romeraite-Kucinriene, Lithuanian Dietologist.
Moreover, it is easy to do during the summer period when fresh fruit, berries and vegetables are growing in our own gardens.
The combination of smart dietary products can help not only reduce overweight but also targeted incentives for different organism processes.
Macaroni and vinegar are a successful combination, providing a lasting sense of slice and helping to fight fat.
Research published in the European Clinical Nutrition magazine has shown that vinegar is beneficial to glucose levels in blood and helps us feel mundane.
Cabin peppers and protein-rich dishes, such as poultry or protein cocktail, create not only a sense of slice, but also cut short meals after large meals in the next few days.
This combination of meals is also capable of increasing the amount of calories burned after the meal to up to 35%.
Research shows that Kajene's peppers can help get rid of the fat round in the abdominal area.
Eggs contain a nutritious nutrient - holine, while paprika is a good source of vitamin C.
By accepting sufficient quantities of these nutrients, the level of cortigen may be reduced, hence the fat accumulation around the body's median.
There is another garde and a fat-burning meal for breakfast, which is worth including on its menu.
Autistic patches and berries contain fibres that, according to the Canadian scientists' conclusions, control the greenery - an appetite-stimulating hormone - and thus a sense of hunger.
In addition, berries contain polyphenoles, which are assistants in weight reduction and are not allowed to form fat.
Vegetables and proteins are also able to do miracles in weight reduction.
Such a combination is capable of creating a sense of slice.
Vegetables contain water and fibre, thus contributing to a sense of slice.
At the same time, proteins are slowing the digestive process and providing a sense of slice for a longer time.
Lunch can eat chicken with salts or cook a protein cocktail from a ready mixture and enjoy it along with its favourite vegetables.
From what combinations of products to avoid.
There are sugars in fruit - monosaccharides or disaharides - compounds of one or two molecules.
By contrast, starch, which is in vegetables, is polisaharide.
Fruit decomposes into the stomach mechanically, while chemically they do not decompose, until the third or fourth grade in the digestive process that takes place in the intestines.
Starch divides into three different phases, starting already in the mouth.
It is therefore essential not to eat a sweet meal straight after the meal.
By eating a sweet meal immediately after the meal, it is "trapped" in the stomach, along with other dishes, where it is not chemically disaggregated and starts to rot.
Do not eat bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, meats or other carbohydrate products, along with lemons, happiness, oranges, greyfish, ananases or other sour fruits.
The ensign ptialine, which is in the squares, only works in an artificial environment.
Fruit acids prevent not only carbohydrate sinks but also promote their fermentation.
Don't eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and eggs or cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar combinations of protein rich products in one meal.
Their recycling requires different digestive juices, each of them with different strengths, features and time to go into the stomach.
Arse, medusmelone, muscamelone and other melons must always be eaten separately from other dishes.
Melons are not disaggregated if they are in the stomach along with other foods.
Fat in combination with protein rich products.
Fat makes a successful combination with starch, yet the same cannot be said of fat and protein - fat hinders protein saging.
Protein can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
If a large amount of protein-containing products are consumed, avoid the use of fat.
This also applies to spilling - it is not advisable to combine a large amount of nuts (containing protein) with a whole avokado (containing fat).
Such a combination hampers effective weight reduction.
How better to prepare?
"Cooking, thermal treatment results in significant loss of nutrients - approximately 15% to 55% of the original nutrient composition of the products," the dietology says.
In most cases, nutrients go in loss by cooking food in water.
However, the nutritional value of certain foods is increasing by directly cooking.
After cooking vegetables, the residual fluid is recommended for the preparation of soup - in this case, you will not lose the nutrients left in the water and you will be able to eat them later.
Vegetables are recommended to be cooked, including by steaming them.
Thermal treatment significantly increases the bioaccessibility of tomatoes.
By cooking tomatoes for 30 minutes, the amount of polyopene increases by 25%.
Thermal treatment also significantly increases the bio-availability of betacarotin, found in red, yellow, orange plants such as tomatoes, carrots, sweet potatoes and spins.
The thermal treatment of eggs and meat takes away the natural characteristics of the proteins contained in them, making them more easily inflammatory.
The thermal treatment of meat and eggs also makes the iron and other minerals contained in these products easier to absorb in organisms.
It should also be borne in mind that the freezing of products can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% to 90%, while the freezing of fibre does not affect.
Beans in combination with tomatoes can increase iron admissions into the organism, which in turn provides better brain and muscle performance.
Our organism takes up to 33% less of the non-bloated iron found in plant products such as beans, leaf greens, cereal products, than the intoxicated iron contained in animal products such as beef, fish and chicken.
You can significantly increase the absorbing of non-bloated iron in the organism by using non-bloated electronically containing products along with vitamin C sources such as oranges, tomatoes and berries.
Vitamin C helps to change the non-bloated iron so that our organism can absorb it more easily.
Iron is necessary for the production of hemoglobaline, which provides oxygen in muscles and brains.
To maximise the benefits of salts, add them to healthy fat, such as olive or linseed oil.
In preparing sandwiches with salmon, add vitamin D to rich salmon or sardines for non-nutritional yoghurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the amount of calcium pumped into the intestine and plays a key role in the process of bone formation.
In combination with vitamin C sources, such as strawberries, upgrades, raspberries and other fruits or berries, the auspices (as well as other perfection products) contribute to stabilising cholesterol levels and avoiding arteries.
Snapchata 'Anime' effection is crushed as Asian cartoon
Snapchat says the filter has been snapped by anime, but critics say it is racially sloppy.
With that lens effect, Snapchive allows 150 million daily users to change reality and play with their identity in quite absurd ways.
You can turn your own into an angel, a dog or an image from the painting of Ros Lihshtenstein.
The lens effects can be pronounced as using images of misrepresentation that generate more than 30 million modified selfies each day.
Any error quickly becomes available to the public.
Snapchat's lens effects have already been criticised in the past that they depict facial melling or more white skin tones as an ideal beauty benchmark.
When the new lens effects were published this week, which gave users sore eyes, lighter teeth and soft steams, some people named these effects as racist and cartoonists, portraying residents of the Mexicans as "yellow."
It was also asked if it does not indicate that the company has more problems with diversity.
News and public negativity flared on Wednesday when spending in The Verge and Motherboard showed that these lens effects had been removed from the app.
The company explained that this lens was meant to be a depiction of animated images, not a cartoon of Asian people.
But for people who have experienced racism, these effects resembled painful stereotypes.
And others denied the comparison with anime.
The tweet of the Korean American art student, Greisas Sparapani, gained widespread resonance on the images. She said the lens effects were "painful and uncomfortable to say no more."
She added that it's hard not to notice the obvious similarity between aziness cartoons and lens effects.
It shows that the lens effect is not just a yellow jumper but a yellow face at the level of racism.
Snapchat is not the only company that has entered these cultural trap.
It looks like American culture faces endless resistance because of its constant development and innovation.
And Snapchata's great audience of young people, representing different races, is more sympathetic to such things.
"It is now more difficult not to notice such things than before," 25-year-old Keane Zou said in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, the company Medium Products Menedgee Žou erased his Snapchat app and advised others to do the same.
In his article in Medium and telephony, she explained that she believed that the problem was caused by Snapchata's recruitment policy, which was not sufficiently racially correct.
Jou criticized the company's lead, which mostly consists of white men and then concluded his tweet with #DeleteSnapc hat.
"This means that there is no racial diversity in leadership, that is why such decisions are being made, or there are few different racial people working on them, but they are not in positions to be able to express their views safely or comfortably," according to Chinese American American President Joou.
Her complaint, to which Snapchats reacted, is also agreed by other people.
The company does not disclose figures for the racial diversity of its employees, noting that it is a private company.
Snapper declined to discuss the origin of his employees, but its spokesman revealed that the company had hired a staff specialist who would focus on representing racial minorities that are not widely represented in the company's region.
In contrast, Zou will not renew his Snapchata account, adding: "Interesting if they really need more users like us to realise that this is not right."
The House of Congress reports that military officials have amended reports on the Islamic State.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the House of Congress notes that representatives of the US Central Command have amended reports, portraying the war against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria far more optimistic than it actually is.
Central Command intelligence analysts express general dissatisfaction at the interim report of the task force set up by the Armed Forces Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Finance Subcommittee, indicating that their leadership controlled reports of American success in the fight against the Islamic State.
The central command, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tampa, Florida, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest news on this report says intelligence reports, approved by high-ranking Centcom leaders, reflect the US's fight against terrorism more positively than it actually is. The facts were routinely distorted, portraying better achievements than evidenced by other intelligence analysis.
California Republican Representative Ken Calverts tells the story: "Centcom's actions are unacceptable - our soldiers are the ones suffering if our policymakers get false reports."
Centcom management errors lie in the top management of the organization.
This 10-page report shows in detail the existing challenges in the Central Command's coverage and analysis of American efforts to prepare Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide conclusive evidence that senior officials of the Obama administration would have ordered the misrepresentation of reports, however, it shows that Centcom's management has drawn some pressure on analysts to portray a more optimistic view of the threat posed by Islamic State (known as ISIS or ISIL).
The report notes that in the first half of 2015, the central government press releases, statements and reports to Congress portrayed the situation in a significantly more positive light than was actually true.
For example, Centcom representatives publicly stated that the recovery operation in Mosul could start as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul is Iraq's second-largest city, still under the control of the Islamic State.
John Pompeo, a spokesman for the Canadian Republican, said in his report: "The investigation of several months is clearly demonstrating this."
Between mid-2014 and mid-2015, the top officials of the US Central Government distorted reports, portraying it, the threat of ISIS in Iraq weaker than they were actually.
Republicans set up a task force to learn that analysts are concerned that information about Islamic State is being distorted.
Following the investigation, the report published on Thursday will be followed by new revelations in this case.
The Secret Service of the Ministry of Defence is conducting an investigation into the activities of the Centcom Intelligence.
Members of the Intelligence Administration Committee Democrats on Thursday released their own report, in which they agree with some of the Republican working group's conclusions.
Democrat spokesman Adams B. Shift reports in his report, from 2014 to 2015, Centcom too restricted the preparation of intelligence assessment reports related to ISIS and the Iraqi Security Forces.
Mr Shifa explains that the process "stopped disseminating information," worsened the ethics of analysts' work and "spread the facts of the truth."
But Shift and Democrats added that there is no evidence that the White House has put pressure on Centcom analysts to draw up reports, according to "pre-determined or political positions."
The Daily Beast released preliminary results of the congressional inquiry on Thursday.
In August, The New York Times reported that Pentagon ģenerāinspekcija launched an investigation following complaints from Centcom analysts.
Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Commander Patrik Evans said the Pentagon would not comment on the congressional report until the investigation continues.
He also added that experts sometimes interpret complex data, and the Ministry of Defence and Intelligence are calling for constructive dialogue on vital national security issues.
The investigation does not only concern the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful (an allegation expressed by more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's accusations call into question whether President Obama can fully rely on reports by Central Government on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticism of Islamic State intelligence recalls more than ten years of ancient events when Centcom Intelligence analyst Gregory Herring made public the study, arguing that the administration of George W. Bush launched the Afghan war, too little thought of its likely consequences.
Hacker also played a significant role in the opening of the Islamic State intelligence issue.
Last year, officials reported that Holder's team had revealed that contrary to public reports, air strikes for Islamic State oil plants had not significantly worsened the financial situation of the terrorist group as they had built temporary plants to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in September's edition that the discovery did not come outside the walls of Central supranational.
Then, Centcom Commander General Loigi Ostina III, received sharp criticism as many law makers believed the war reports were describing the situation too positively.
In April General Ostina vacated and the General Joseph L. Votels came to his place.
In the US duel with Britain in the women's field hockey, win the US, thus gaining the fourth victory in a row.
Day after victory over Japan with the result 6: 1, on Thursday, Keane Bama scored the first two goals for the benefit of the U.S. women's field hockey team when the Americans beat the Indian team with a result of 3: 0.
Five goals in two games are an unforgettable achievement, but the 27-year-old Bama said that it could not be remembered if it would ever have succeeded.
She said: "I have no idea."
I'm not from those people who count their gates.
But she knows that: The American result at the Olympics is 4: 0, which gives them an undecided with Britain in their group, which on Thursday after winning over Japan with a result 2: 0 remained unwinnable.
Britain and the United States will meet Saturday to play the last match in the first round games.
Both teams have already qualified for the fourth quarter and the game will only determine which team will take the first place in the team of six teams and which second.
The winner of the first place will take a little longer to avoid meeting the strong Dutch sample, which is the leader of the other group.
Although not to roll out Saturday's game, the Americans have already caused a surprise storm when they stayed in the last place from 12 teams in London four years ago.
There was also Bama in the team
She grew up in Baskbella, a field hockey stick, she first took hands at the age of 3 (her older twin sisters were already dealing with this sporting type in Dreksella) and the national sample joined when she was 16 years old becoming a random junior player in history.
She was not on the 2008 Olympic Games because it was not finalised.
But 2012 was unsuccessful for her and her team.
Next year, an Englishman Kregs Parhams was appointed to a random trainer and everything started to change for the right side.
Bama called it "cultural, mentality and physical change."
In London, we did not invest as much work as we do now.
We have changed absolutely everything.
In the quarter game, Bama revealed the result, scoring the gates in the first half with a touchdown meth from close distance.
India's game was launched without a win in his account, but their sample was very fierce and held a minimum score 0: 1 to even the end of the third period when Bama re-scored the gate.
She entered the ball in the baseball zone even on the left side of the pitch, then noticed the middle of the pitch and sending the ball into the gates, putting the American 2: 0 at the helm.
In the middle of the fourth period, Melisa Gonzalesa scored another gate.
This was the first dry game of the United States Gloucester Briggs in each of the first three games.
She's screwed up.
And likewise there is Bama.
"We're going very well at the moment," Pahams said, but how exactly good will the game show on Saturday.
The most depressing dish of the Depression period is the "Spirit Means"
In March 1933, shortly after his election as President, Frenklin Delano Rürtta sat in the oval room to hold a meal.
President Rürtta has been tagged by delicious culinary creatures such as goose liver payee, or fuagra and Meryl turtle soup.
However, his meal was considerably more modest: the eggs in the tomato sauce, the potato purple and dessert.
Mr Ziegelmane says: "This is a way of showing solidarity with people who have been very hard."
Her husband, Andre Kou, added: "This is also a message to Americans as should be eaten."
A couple of Brooklyn Heights District are cooking historians.
Kou's latest book, "Vegetable Sautation," describes Chinese cuisine in America, but Ziegelmane describes life through a meal in a rental house in Manhattan's eastern leagues in his book "97 Abeles."
Their new joint work, "The Serious Meet," which will be published on Tuesday by publisher Harper, is a story about American dishes during the Great Depression.
By showing some solidarity in the culinary, they withheld a meal together reporters in "Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop," a simple lunch meal in the Flatilla district and operating from 1929 when the great depression began.
The 54-year-old Mrs Ziegelmanes ordered a sandwich with frosted cheese and captive olives and the 57-year-old Kou ordered turkey, potato shackles and vegetable salts.
When a reporter ordered the fake zag, the couple admitted his choice is very appropriate to the conversation about the Great Depression Time menu.
Mrs ziegelmanes told us that the fake green was very popular.
There was a peanut bird, a liver zag and a beans.
They were prepared from basic ingredients and other ingredients that enriched the meal.
Imagine how it is to eat so many peanuts for them to be at lunch.
Mr kou shuddered.
"I probably thought the stomach was full of lead," he added.
In the pre-depressant years, the American lunch table was similar to the Swedish table, particularly in rural areas.
Women were preparing to eat for their husbands-workers and for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
During the First World War, it was the Americans who sent Europeans a menu. The "Sound Means" describes how Americans adapted to the circumstances when America was suddenly no longer a land of abundance.
"At the time, the menu became the main focus of the American people everyday," says Mr Kou, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write directly on the subject.
The new budget diets became equally important: unknown dishes such as the fake zag and sauces became daily, the sauces were "a great way to use surpluses," Mrs Ziegelmanes said, as the paps could have hidden the unattractive ingredients under a crumbling scale.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheap dried fruit.
Meat, which was a key ingredient of American meals for years, now became an extremely rare luxury commodity.
At a time when the number of calories and the nutritional value of the meal was more important than taste, new, unprecedented formations were born.
In an old book, Mrs Ziegelmanes found a recipe for cooking peanuts with peanut butter.
Kou adds: "It wasn't a popular addition to the lunch table."
Ms ziegelmanes emphasizes: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and cooked sycophants are not compatible.
Many home recipes adapted to difficult times.
Household economists such as Louise Stenland, head of the Federal Bureau of Housewives Economics from 1923 to 1943, set the country's eating habits, which had not been seen before the Great Depression, nor after it.
By publishing articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they advised housewives to become "economists" and accept challenges such as turning macaroni and carrot into a garbage meal.
"Happy Malmeal" is a mielasts of historical garbage.
Particularly interesting is evidence of the government's attitude towards their hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Holder's "let me eat cake" attitude.
Although publicly he was told about his simple childhood and catering in Aiova, in fact he was eating as a fine millionaire for what he had become.
Mr Kou tells us: "He liked the European kitchen, like a fish with a cucumber."
He was eating in an almost bogus guest yard, wearing a lunch jacket.
He was completely detached from reality.
President Rüfter would have made the same mistake unless his wife Eleonora had recommended him to set an example with his stomach.
According to the book, Rüfter co-ordinated a domestic worker who did not teach to eat, so the White House became a place "where not only was one of the most garbage dishes in Washington, but also the most poorly prepared."
As soon as the country's economy recovered, most of the depreciation of the depression era disappeared.
But we continue to focus on calories and nutrition, as well as how to use science in culinary life, Ms Ziegelmanes added.
The couple tells them that when writing a book they gained more understanding of Ms Ziegelmanes's mother-eating habits, for example, why she was unable to throw out the dishes.
"She was really afraid to throw out the dishes," Mr Kou said.
Ms ziegelmanes said: "She actually thrashed people."
Once there was an incident with wind cakes.
When we had eaten Eisenberg in the esteem, the writer couple pulled out of the bag at home cooked dessert: the spinal pudding that President Rüfter used to eat at lunch.
"This is a pipe of spills," Ms Ziegelmanes said, adding that there was a common habit of giving a shiny name at the time.
There is no pipe, only dried drains, slightly flour, sugar, water and canvas.
Everyone was anxiously hit in the brown mass of the carte, which was on the plate.
Surprisingly, it wasn't all that bad.
Mr kou ate a few more kumos.
By sounding after an experienced "economist," he told the wife: "A humble skipper would melt a laziness nut."
Gilead will receive repayment on legal expenses in battle with Merck on Hepatitis C patent
The district judge has ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc will be entitled to return expenses for lawyers' services it paid in the case for breaking the Hepatitis C patent against pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was acquitted in the case of a $200 million fine for breaking two Merck patents that threatened it in connection with successful Sovaldi and Harvoni tablets, after a U.S. federal judge found irregularities in Merk's activities, such as lying after passing oath and other unethical activities.
At the hearing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Bets Labson Flowers said Gilead had the right to claim compensation for the legal expenses they had incurred in the case.
MERCK is trying to gain positions in the market against Gilead, which dominates the market in the new generation Hepatitis C pills, which are effective in 90% of liver disease.
The case was launched as early as 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other in an attempt to acquire ownership of the newly developed active components sofosbuvir, which is a key component in Gilead's pills.
U.S. support forces say they have taken full control over the city of Manbidge from the Islamic State.
The US backed forces have gained full control over the north of Manbidge, along the Turkish border and the last Islamic State militants have left the city, a group spokesman said Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) šobrīt clean up the city from the latest premiership fighters that have not yet left the city.
They have released more than 2,000 civilian hostages captured by militants, the news agency told Reuters by Sharfan Darwish from SDS ally Manbidal's military council.
"At the moment, the city is in full control of our control and we finish cleaning operations," he told Reuters.
Clinton's earnings reached $10.75 million in 2015 and paid a 34.2 percent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton released a 2015 tax returns on Friday, where the Democrat presidential candidate and her husband have earned $10.75 million this year and pay the federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent respectively.
In 2015, Clinton has donated $1 million, mostly to his Clinton charity; former President Bill Clinton has earned about $5.3 million, speaking as a spider and former secretary of state of $3 million earnings from his book for his work in the National Departementa, published in collaboration with "Simon & Schuster."
Clinton's electoral ally - U.S. Virginia state senator Tim Keins and his wife Anna Holton have published their tax returns for the last 10 years.
In 2015, they paid the federal tax rate at 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Keins continue to install new standards for financial transparency," Clinton campaign partner Jenifera Palpeace said in a statement.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump, in complete contrast, lies behind various pretext and reservations, so that promises to reveal his tax information don't have to be fulfilled.
The publication of paid tax information is a recording practice for US presidential candidates, but it is not required by law.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers for the reason for not disclosing tax information cite the audit of the National Revenue Service.
"Your march," in his tweet, which revealed Democrat candidate tax information, said Clinton's campaign partner, Igan Sama.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser, Michael Kohens, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to disclose tax information before the audits have been completed.
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mits Romney and other Republicans, argue that his refusal raises questions about his true assets, donations amounts and other his business commitments, including commitments to Russia.
Clinton poured oil to the fire, publishing video on Friday, where several influential Republicans are asking Trump to publicise his tax information.
She returned to the issue again during an economic raid on Thursday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "He refuses to do what the other presidential candidates have done for several decades."
Politico says that in the 1990 s, for two years, Trump has paid very little or has not paid taxes at all, and on Friday the author of the New York Times business column said that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
Federal tax rates are a fundamental issue in this presidential election.
Clinton, in support of the billionaire's mighty Baffeta proposal, is promoting the idea that anyone who earns more than $1 million a year has to pay a tax of at least 30%.
President Barack Obama also supports this proposal.
Last week, during Clinton's appearance in Omacha, Nebraska, where his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is also located, Baffett called on Trump to exchange tax returns.
Baffett said that he is also being audited by the Revenue Service and that Trump is afraid of the voters, not the tax authorities.
The Clinton campaign has published tax information until 2007.
Now, Clinton lives in Cleveland, New York, and has paid the average federal tax rate of about 32 per cent in the period 2007-2014 and a total tax rate of about 40.5 per cent.
Clinton's 2015 tax review shows that unlike most Americans, only $100 from their income is a salary.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund from which Clinton has received $109,000 in dividends.
Reporting by Kevin Dravbaughs; Editing by Jonathan Otis
Jewish film director criticises hotel in Berlin over Israeli televised code cut-off, after some Arab demand - RT News
The French film director of Jewish origin has stormed the storm on social media when discovered that an Israeli televised code is not available at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, hotel staff are justifying it with the demands of Arab customers.
Claude Lancman, the documentary about the Holocaust "Shoah" director, did not hide his frustration with the Berlin Kempinski Bristol hotel and addressed an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During a recent visit, Lancman tried to find an Israeli televised code on the list offered by the hotel.
However, the country was not included in the list of countries that can be called directly from the hotel number.
How is it possible that in 2016 in Berlin, in the capital of New Germany, Israel has been swept and destroyed?
Writes Lancman.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol Hotel offers to call the country through its call centre.
The director asked for an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancman writes that the reply received "shocked him."
The hotel administrator explained that "it was an informed hotel management decision."
The reason for the removal of the code further infuriated the film director.
"Most of the guests are Arabs and they demanded the removal of the Israeli code," Lanzman cites an explanation from the hotel employee.
Suddeutsche Zeitung says that the Israeli ambassador to Germany, Jakov Hadas-Handelsmans, has called this case a "great shame."
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
It's a big shame in itself.
And the fact that this has happened directly in Germany, it is in this hotel network that there is even more humiliation.
Explanations are not necessary.
The official said: "We hope the hotel makes the right conclusions."
The event also gained quite widespread resonance on the Internet, where people dubbed it a scandal.
Others believe the Kempinski hotel had simply landed for Arab customers.
Someone else recorded "shame" by pointing out that the hotel is located in the street of Kurfurstendamm next to the synagogue.
Spending Der Spiegel says the hotel itself has quickly dismissed all the rebuke, stating that it was all "misunderstanding" and apologised to Lancman.
"There has never been a direct order to remove Israel from the list of national numbers," the Suddeutsche Zeitung cites a spokesman for Kempinski.
And add that the code is again to be added to the list.
Police use rubber bullets and tear gas against protesting Brazilian students.
The student and police clash took place on Thursday in Sao Paulo's town of Brazil, where students gathered at a rally against government education system reforms.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students.
The problems began when the ombudsmen tried to kill students, resulting in police use of rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to show their reluctance to reform the education system.
The proposal by Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmina is to close nearly 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be moved to other schools with a view to saving money.
Some demonstrators branded the walls graffiti with messages against interim President Michael Temeru.
This protest took place just a few days after the previous protest, when students gathered in demonstrations with a view to expressing their support for President Dilma Rousefai, whose impeachment was voted by the Senate.
Scott Callum Skinner finishes first, bringing Britain to gold medal in cycling
Callous Skinner from Scotland finised the first men's cycling team in the sprint at Rio Ferodrome in the quarterfinals that took place last night, with the British team guarding their champion thriller they won in the 2012 London Games.
The 23-year-old athlete from Glanscoas played an important role in the races, making proud legendary Scottish Sir Chris Hoyer and travelling to victory for favorite New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain was hit by a shocking victory, Hoyer scrambling fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they also repeated the World Championship in London despite Hoyer had already finished his athlete's career.
The problems began when the Olympic Games in Beijing and London had to replace the experienced starting specialist Jamie Stafu.
They did it at the last minute.
Hoja's leave also created a vacancy sought by Kian Emadi and Mets Krampton.
The expectations of British coaches were at Skinner, seeing his potential, which he later met.
Hindes, Kenny - champions who opened four years ago with Howard and Skinner, who installed the Olympic qualification record, but the race was better launched by the New Zealand team.
But the British trio still won gold medals.
After his lap, he was in close proximity, Kenny took the lead and Skinner safeguarded the leadership.
The change of strategy played an important role in winning, Hindeam riding with more overs to allow Kansas and, in particular, Skinner to drive faster.
The hostage was watched by a BBC representative and caught the eyes of Skinner, Kenya and Hindesa at the moment when they climbed on to an honorary padding.
The 23-year-old Glāzgovietis said: "It was an untold honour."
I do what capacity and defend my name.
Finally we installed the Olympic record and beat the World champions.
It was just unbelievable.
No better victories.
After winning with Kenya and Hoyer at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Hindes will know that it has been deliberately fallen on the road after the failed start.
Later, he refuted this comment and the British competitors did not have the strength to prove the sincerity of his above.
Such incidents did not occur in this victory.
Hindes said: "With all the British flags in the tricks, the feelings were like in London."
We all became a team in the last 3 months.
We've lost so many World Championships, so winning the Olympics was really something special.
One medal in one race for a country that won seven out of ten gold medals in cycling in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is an indicator of our last five months, then the next five days will be very exciting.
With the performance shown by Kennedy, repeating Hoja's three Olympic golds is not impossible.
Kennedy would mean six defeated gold and one silver medal. Furthermore, Kenny was born on March 23 (looks like it's a British holy date as Steve Regreivs, Mo Farahs and Rodgers Banisters are also born on that day).
Howard was born on that date too.
Kenya's next race is the sprint, which begins today and will continue for the next three days.
The 28-year-old athlete from Bolton said: "At the moment I just enjoy it.
The team's journey is always the best.
Because then one can win along with team members.
If fair, winning one is slightly lonely. "
Hindes said: "If he gets another two gold medals, he should be appointed in a bruising round."
On that day it was the only battle for medals, but they were not the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bredlily Vigins, Eds Klensians, Sgus Burks and Oveins Douls showed the fastest period of qualification for four kilometres in the quartet.
Their time was 3:51 .943
The world record, which was installed in London in 2012, is 3:51 .659.
The first round and final will take place today in the second half of the day, where Vigins will certainly be in the spotlight.
Yesterday, before a qualification trip, he had a disagreement with the Commissioner when the judges summoned him to measure his audacity.
In the women's journey, which will continue and conclude today, Laura Trota, Joanna Rovsela Shanda, Elinora Barkere and Keane Archibalda from Milngavija installed a new record of 4:13 .260.
The British delegation is now relying on its cycling team to fight the medals in the midst of the Olipisko Games.
After a truly excellent and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone looks forward to the same achievements in Rio.
Meanwhile, there have been different scenes in the scenes, following accusations of sexism and respect for dignity, technical director Shannon Saton resigned, as well as vacation Hoja and Victoria Bendleton.
However, now that the first moodrome race starts, it is starting to look like the British as usual will receive when it is most needed.
The future of the Port of Portland is becoming uncertain when an ambitious agreement is suspended.
The future of aluminium and hundreds of its employees in Portland, Victoria, has become unclear when the energy company, which was its main customer, announced the cessation of cooperation.
This announcement follows the Victoria Government's plans to stop subsidising the energy company, which is vital for the company to continue its work.
20 years of subsidies will be interrupted in November.
Consequently, more than 2,000 Alcoas Portland plant jobs are now at risk.
Up to 2000, both direct and indirect jobs could be at risk.
Moreover, it also has unpredictable side effects, as the frost consumes about 10 per cent of all Victoria's electricity supply.
In 2014, Alcoa closed Point Henry's frost, leading to a break-up of the Anglesea power station.
The Alpha Portland slaughterhouse is working with losses and could be closed.
These events have been followed by several years of speculation about the rise in the value of the Australian dollar and the cost of factory production.
The plant's energy supplier AGL, which supplies energy from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latroubes Ivalley, says the other three owners are likely to break their contracts.
Most of the power stations belong to two companies - Alco and Alumia, in addition to the company's shares there, China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp Holdings companies.
"The agl looks forward to continuing the operation of the Portland plant, which would mean a further supply of energy supply," its spokesman said.
Agl said the contracts are the so-called "risk-restrictive narcissists," which are expected to enter into force from November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month validity period, so they will be valid until 2017.
"Agro expects these contrasts to continue to carry income in the fiscal year 2017 as well," the company's spokesman said.
From FG18 potential income risks are limited to favourable energy wholesale market futures prices.
Agl claims to have already billed losses of $187 million in its forecasts, anticipating that these contracts will be terminated.
Alcoa signals that the decision to terminate the contracts will not affect Alcoa's chances of continuing the operations or delivering energy to it.
In 2010, the US company says it has concluded a contract with Loy Yang for 20 years, but it will be suspended in November.
Analysts have expressed concern about the alleged closure of the Port of Portland in Victoria and the closure of Tomago's plant near Newcastle, because of the adverse situation in the industry.
Agl Executive Director Stine Mikelson said last week that after analysts' estimates, Portland used 600 megawatts and Tomago 900 megawatts of energy during the year.
If both of these plants go away from the energy market, this means a significant reduction in energy demand.
And that would not be good at all.
The legal centre of the coma rejects 160,000 people every year.
More than 160 000 people are rejected every year, with the budget falling, the situation could deteriorate.
Three out of five people in Kent - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the means to combat illegal evictions - are refused free legal aid and representation.
The legal centre of the compression, which is already being overloaded, warns that the situation will only become worse.
As of June next year, these legal centres will receive 30% less funding than they have done so far.
James Farrell, director of the Centre for the Legal Centre of Correctness, said that the latest report by the National Legal Centre, the Asocial Committee, showed that the legal aid is now being refused to thousands of people in need.
Mr Farrell pointed out that if this decision was not lifted, the situation would only become worse.
He also says: "The Legal Centre for Correctness is constantly provided with insufficient funding, which means that aid is being refused to thousands of people who need it."
For people trying to end violent relationships, people with deep debts, families experiencing divorce, workers who are dishonestly sacked - all these people have legal natural problems and this report shows that they are not getting the help they need.
As of June 2017, the federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent, meaning that several thousand Australians will have to deal with their complex legal problems without help.
We call on Attorney General and Secretary-General George Brandis to immediately stop cutting funding so that people who need legal aid can obtain it.
Last year, the government unveiled its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to draw attention to the needs of local commons and their customers, and to the Government of Palazčuka to invest in this important area.
Donald Trump's campaign has been sued because someone from the staff has pulled a firearm
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been sued in court because it had not acted upon receiving information that its North Carolina operations chief had turned a firearm against an employee, kadr they drove in a single car in February.
The incident was described in a court filing filed Wednesday in Charlotte Court by Vincent Bordini - a former campaign programmer.
Bordini said he had been waiting for months for the case to be dealt with inside the campaign, until realised it would not happen.
The driver, Earl Philippe, "pulled out the pistol, imposed his right finger on the gaffer and opened a barrel against Vincent's knee," Bordini said in his complaint.
He also said, after submitting complaints to the guest and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that other people had experienced such events as well.
"Weapons don't have to be fired to cause damage," Bordini said in his complaint.
Just two days before the case was filed, the Republican presidential candidate sparked a scandal by telling people that "the people of the Second Amendment," i.e. arms owners and enthusiasts, could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton and elected judges were to win the election.
The Trump campaign announced that the media had pulled his words out of context and that he had never campaigned for violence.
Bordini, with his claim, wants to recover compensation from the campaign for neglect supervision and from Filipina - for assault, illegal use of the weapon and emotional stress.
Trump's spokesman, Houps Hicks, did not immediately provide an answer or comment.
Attempts to communicate with Filipos are not successful.
Wccb - Charlotti's local news agency reports that Philips has recently abandoned the campaign.
It failed to call his advice firm "Innovative Consultation Services."
Republican candidate Donald Trump has run a rather divisive election campaign.
Case Bordini against Donald J. Trump For President Inc. 16-CS-14300, Grand Court, Millenburg (Charlotti) Supreme Court of Justice.
A new tradition: the festive and sporting festivals in the Knights.
On Saturday, for the first time, people gathered on the pageant and sports festivals.
After celebrating ten years this time, it was decided that the Lakes Sunshine would be no longer.
A new page has now been divorced.
The day started with sports competitions.
This time the races were not in traditional ways and too seriously, because, for example, the shots had to be thrown in a sleeping goal, the boot flew, with the man's left hand thrown, the "bumbling" has not been in any Olympics at all.
However, each participant was able to show how strong, brave, cloudy and affectionate he is.
After sports games, everyone gathered in a vacuum, where the festivities started.
In the meantime, the "child deck" was also working, where the baby was able to grow up in the restrained amusement and get a new image of the face in the gridlock.
The newspaper, which could also become a tradition, was a trailer parade in which both tractors and motorcycles went.
Everyone was addressed by Inga Kadika-Skadika, head of the managing body of the head of the guitar, who wished a nice rest and dry time, the rain was still raining, but it was unable to disrupt anything.
The Suns continued with the greeting of the younger population of Klopp.
It is really good that the pavement has been accompanied by five girls and one guy.
With the performances on the carriageway, the artwork arts came from the Engineers' head - the viewers very much liked the "autumn rhythms" of the seniors' dance sets, the performances of the different peoples dancing performers "Redwood" and the "Golden Globes" of young people.
And it has nothing to do with the wet scenes.
Of course, local people and villages were delighted by the famous actor Janis Jarana and Dainis Porgants, who were once again Milda Nabins and Sironick Cypriot, as well as the beloved wives of the Berzciema from the fishermen's back "Days."
The ball was played by the "Bruins" group.
Britain needs to keep the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow.
Heathrow will not only contribute to prosperity and growth in local regions and London, but also across the country.
That, I think, made Heathrow very attractive, as was the case with London in 2012, where we made huge efforts to benefit all regions of the country from the Olympic Games.
Stratford and Istenda won an awful lot of the Olympics.
And we will do it again by providing local residents and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow.
For local commons alone, we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40,000 new jobs and finally put an end to youth unemployment in Heathrow.
Like it was in the London Olympics in 2012, this time there will be people who will believe that the challenge is too big and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious.
People said Britain would never succeed in preparing for the Olympics at a time and that it would be a global failure.
Sceptics made a mistake for 2012 and they will not be right in the case of Heathrow either.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow has so far overcome everything.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project that will benefit the whole society, not individuals.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs, economic growth of 211 billion, creating the soil for both employment and experience at this airport and across Britain.
At Heathrow, we have a great team that has created an 11 billion pound-worth infrastructure investment program that fits into time and budget starting with terminal 5, which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years and ending with terminal 2, which has been built between the two more intensively used runways in the world.
Now they are ready to set up a third runway, which will be funded with private investment of 16 billion pounds.
The 2012 London Olympics was a great success and I am sure that this will also be the expansion of Heathrow.
It's time for us to revive their Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new environment with employment that Britain could be proud of.
Lord Paul Deiton is a member of the Heathrow Executive Board and former Secretary of Commercial Affairs of the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
In Switzerland, a woman grows on a motorway in an attempt to commit suicide.
The victim in the middle of the night leaned on the motorway.
Police are trying to find witnesses when a pair of machines were crossed early on Thursday morning on a motorway.
The accident occurred on Thursday shortly after midnight on the A1 Road near Morges in the canton of Vo.
The VO Cantona Polling report says that in a desperate desire to commit suicide, the woman had recovered on the road in the dark where several machines drove him.
In a clear attempt to kill themselves, the victim, the 49-year-old, drove several machines, including heavy machinery.
She died at the scene of the event.
Several drivers involved in the accident have already provided evidence, but other involved have not yet been clarified, says police, who call for reference to the drivers involved and witnesses of the accident.
A criminal investigation has also been launched in the case, which is a logical step in this case, the edition Le Tribune de Geneve told lawyer Gilles Hofsteller.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Was it possible to avoid the collision?
Hofstetters added: "This will be clarified by the prosecutor."
Two similar cases that have occurred over the past 5 years show that none of the drivers will be held accountable.
In both cases, a pedestrian in the middle of the night had gone to a large road, so it was decided that drivers could not predict a pedestrian in the middle of the night, the newspaper reported.
Last year, a police officer was acquitted of killing after negligence when she drove a man in August 2014 who was sleeping on the A1 road near Paijernes in the middle of the night.
The court found that the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and later noticed asleep on the road.
The court concluded that the police officer, who was on the road to the scene of the accident, drove the conditions in an appropriate manner and the judge admitted that the sleeping man on the road was a "completely unforeseeable and exceptional case."
Anyone who has information on Thursday's accident near Morges has been invited to contact police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
On the Internet, signatures are collected for the organisation of a new Head of Revenue Service.
The petition portal "Avaaz.org" launched a collection of signatures for the organisation of a new National Revenue Service (Revenue Service).
In a petition addressed to ministers from the National Alliance (NA) and the Greens/Farmers Union (Greens/Farmers), the public wants a transparent and professional appointment process.
The petition was set up on 10 August and is currently signed by 55 people.
The process of nominating the Director General of the Revenue Service is intransparent and unprofessional.
This is reminiscent of the best tradition of Soviet Union functionaries.
This discredites public administration and once again makes the public disappoint in government and politicians.
"There is a need for competition with clear criteria to be judged by all candidates," the text of the petition says.
Its author, Janis B, has indicated that the public does not have the criteria to be selected by Koleegova.
Nor is it clear what the candidate's intentions are for the Revenue Service.
The petition states that the State Chancellery should form a new, open competition in which professional candidates are actively addressed, specialist professionals and adequate remuneration offered.
Finance minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola formally nominated Mr Koleecou's Revenue Service last week, the government was expected to approve him in the new post this week, but all the party's "Unity" ministers voted against, so the issue was postponed for a week.
Samoilov: If we lost, so I played badly.
Mr Samoilov and Janis Schmitry have hoped for prizes at the Rio Olympics, but without the difference in which to conclude the race, Samoilov said after leaving the tournament.
One of the world's most powerful beach volleyball couples on Thursday in a sub-group tournament closing and crucial game with 1-2 (16:21, 22:20, 7:15) lost to Britains Evandru Gonsalvette Oliveira and Pedru Solbergam Sales, concluding his participation in the fourteenth most important sports forum.
In three sub-groups, Latvian athletes scored one win, but the same ratio was for two more couples.
The cross-border relationship between the three couples, which suffered the most unfavourable loss of the Latvian duet after this machete, was also counted.
"We had the lead in the first semester, but from 16:15 it also stayed on 16 points," the game was remembered by Schmitry.
I do not even know how we remained without points in the remainder of the seam.
It must not be played.
Then, in the second semester, everything was in order and we managed to break the game at the top of the season, and it should have been a good basis for the third seam as well.
We started it in the same way, but after we changed the sides, the result was only one team.
We had too many errors in attack.
In the subgroup, all the teams were similar, there were three sides in almost every match, so the small points were important.
"We should have played more like that, rather than giving up 3-4 points in a row," the athlete said.
Knew Evandru can be served.
"In the first six, we finished with 1-2 points in the second, but the third at +4 already went off the game," he said.
Tried to show the best game.
Moments later, there were no.
I did not watch the situation before the machete, but it was known that we should have had as many small points as possible.
"If we lost, so I was bad," Samoilov said.
We expected good serving from Evandru and, with it in the first seams, quite well at the end, but in the third he opened up and it was difficult to build an attack.
On the other hand, I took a lot of errors directly to Pedru's servitude, but it had to be coped with.
Samoilov told us that as opposed to a previous machete today, the athletes had no nervousness.
"We went, played, the defence was, but we needed better serving," the athlete said.
"They played well and at the end they already came to the 'urra'.
Before the tournament, we said immediately that the loop is the most awkward that could have been.
We had the prospect of fighting for the first place, but we were not even out of the group.
"All of us were waiting for a medal, and we too, but then there is no difference, 25 th place or fourth," said Samoilov, who predicted that the duet would continue to play together in the future.
I think there will be no question and will continue to play together, because this is only one tournament.
Samoilov was in Rio de Janeiro in the third Olympic Games since he opened with Martins Pelva in Beijing in 2008, but four years ago in London he played together with Ruslan Sorokina.
Meanwhile, this was the second starting point in the Olympics.
Latvenergo follows the process of opening the gas market also from a potential trader's position.
The country's energy company Latvenergo follows the process of opening the gas market, both from the consumer and a potential trader's position, said Ivita Bidere, the company's press secretary.
"The decision on whether the Latvenergo gas market will be joined in the future as a trader will determine what gas market model and the legal framework will be established."
"Therefore, for our part, we are actively involved in establishing and commenting on legislative acts and presenting their proposals," Bidere said.
The BNS has already written that the Ministry of Economic Affairs (EM), in cooperation with the Public Services Regulatory Commission and the energy company "Latvian Gas," drafted a draft of the Ministerial Cabinet Rules entitled "Provisions for the marketing and use of natural gas," which will change the existing principles of the functioning of the natural gas market, with the right to freely choose a natural gas trader from 3 April 2017.
In working on the new regulation of the natural gas market, the EM aims to make the natural gas trade process as simple as possible and user-friendly.
Therefore, as the most efficient and user-friendly handling solution, the "trader's centre model" is chosen in which all activities relating to customer service are provided by the trader - one contract, one bill and one provision of information and customer service, leaving the technical issues of the natural gas distribution system to the distribution system operator.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in electricity marketing.
Recalling that the gradual opening up of the market for household users - also after 3 April 2017 - household users who do not wish to choose another natural gas trader will be able to continue to receive natural gas from the existing trader at a regulated price, thus becoming associated users.
"In such a case, the obligation to supply natural gas-related customers at a regulated price is determined by the public trader," the ministry said.
In turn, economic operators will have to choose a natural gas trader with which the natural gas trade agreement is to be concluded.
Until the conclusion of a natural gas trade agreement, natural gas sales will be provided by the natural gas trader at a certain price for a certain period of time.
The draft rules of the Ministerial Cabinet specify in detail the rights and obligations of the natural gas trader, system operator and users.
The rules shall determine the arrangements for the supply of natural gas to users and their supply, the safe use requirements of the natural gas system, the rights and obligations of the trader, the public trader, the system operator, the user and the gasified object, and the requirements for the supply and use of natural gas; the arrangements for the settlement of the services received, the extent of the late interest, the exchange arrangements of traders and the supply of users in the event of disruption of the supply of natural gas; the arrangements for the supply of natural gas supply to the customers connected to the supply of natural gas.
The cool morning since June, places are temporarily raining.
On Friday evening, air temperatures in nearly all Latvia are +6 th +9 degrees, with +4.7 degrees registered on two night in Momentum, which is the lowest mark since 14 June, according to data from the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
Slightly above +10 degrees, air temperatures remained only in Liepaja at night.
The amount of clouds in the country as a whole is small, places are temporarily raining, more heavily in Kurzema and in northern Europe.
Slow south wind blows.
In Riga, the air cooled to +8... +9 degrees in Riga, international airport to +6 degrees.
Rot in the south, southeast wind 3-5 metres per second.
The maximum air temperature on Thursday in the observation network of the Latvian Centre for Environment, Geology and Meteorology was from +15,2 degrees in the wreckage to +19,9 degrees in Jelgava.
On Friday, the sun will wake up with clouds.
Friday in Latvia, there will be rather sunny, dark clouds for places to bring a short-lived case.
By dominating moderate western wind, the air will heat up to +17... +20 degrees.
In Riga, a cloud for places can bring a small short-term case, the sun will warm up to +19 degrees.
Weather conditions are determined by the anticide branch, atmospheric pressure of 761-764 millimetres of mercury at sea level.
The highest air temperature in Europe on 11 August was +38... +39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The lowest air temperature in the night on Friday -3... -8 degrees in the mountains in northern and central Europe.
An intoxicated and armed man is detained in the bullpen.
The National Police (VP) detained an intoxicated and armed man on Friday in Aspasia's bullpen, said Gita Gjibovskis, a spokeswoman for the VP.
The EP has received information on the fact that an inadequate man who is armed with a weapon and looks heavily drunk is walking along the Aspasia bullets.
The driver who went to the call was hit by a traffic accident and the man was detained by another exasperation.
A gas weapon found by the man who was trapped.
It has already been reported that, on Friday, the National Police (VP) machine had been at the centre of the Riga Centre in the wake of the call.
The accident occurred when driving to category A, or to prevent a situation in which human health or life is at risk.
However, there has been a collision in the corner of the Baron and the Mill Street with some light car.
Minister: next week, it is planned to judge the increase in the remuneration of the Revenue Service.
Finance minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens/Farmers) is planning next week with Prime Minister Mari Kucinskis (Greens/Farmers) and government coalition partners to talk about increasing the pay of the National Revenue Service (Revenue Service).
Reizniece-Ozola told reporters on Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the Revenue Service's Director General should be addressed as a matter of urgency in order to make this position more attractive to potential rebidders.
There will also be talk of changing the terms of competition next week.
The minister also stressed that she did not think of any specific candidate to address the vacant posts.
At the same time, Reizniece-Ozola expressed the view that Inga Kolegova, head of the National Environmental Service, would have been a good Director General for the Revenue Service.
In contrast, as regards the current chief executive of the Revenue Service, Daci Pelles, who has expressed its readiness to qualify for this post, the minister reiterated the view that the new Director General of the Revenue Service should be "looking at the edge" and should not come from the Revenue Service.
She also stressed that it was waiting for Saeima to return from leave in order to move the law amendments necessary for reorganisation of the Revenue as soon as possible.
The BNS has already reported that Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens/Farmers), head of the National Environmental Service, has submitted an application to withdraw his candidacy as Director General of the Revenue Service.
In the application she expressed that it was not an easy option, but in the last two weeks her relatives have experienced serious emotional pressure, although they have not carried out any reprehensible acts.
Similarly, Koleegova pointed out that the consultation of her candidacy has provoked contradictions between the ruling coalition parties, which are also unacceptable.
It is also reported that Inary Peterson, the former General Director of the Revenue Service, left office at the end of June.
Oil prices continue to climb; stock indexes in the US and Europe are rising, as well as the value of the US dollar.
Oil prices in the world are continuing on Friday morning amid a positive impact of investors' sentiments on the statements made by Saudi Arabia's oil affairs minister, which is amplifying expectations that the largest oil gathering in September at the upcoming OPEC meeting will take action to stabilize the global oil market.
The three main U.S. stock benchmarks reached record levels on Thursday, which had not been observed since 1999.
The main positive factor in the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies.
The rise in oil prices and strong financial figures for several companies on Thursday also led to a rise in Europe's stock index.
The value of the US dollar rose on Thursday against the euro, for the British pound and for the Japanese jen.
In the New York Stock Exchange's e-commerce, WTI's mark crude oil price for deliveries rose $1.78 to $43.49 per barrel on Thursday.
Brent's mark crude oil price for deliveries in October on the London Stock Exchange rose $1.99 - to $46.04 per barrel.
The turnover of the canning maker Blue Belt is shrinking by 33.8% last year.
The "Blue Belt" turnover of canning was €4.202 million last year, up 33.8% less than a year earlier, while the company's losses fell 5.7 times - to 904.7 thousand euros, according to the annual financial statement published by Lursoft.
The company's management report says that in 2015 the company was working with losses incurred for several reasons, including the continuing shortage of operational funds caused by the withdrawal of Unicredit Bank from the Baltic market, interrupting the previously existing credit line, and leaving the Blue Belt with contracted contracts without the possibility of fulfilling them.
Consequently, the company did not have sufficient resources to buy cheaper raw materials in large quantities and to receive a discount.
The withdrawal of the bank concerned from the Latvian market also prevented the company from implementing European Union structural fund support projects, which would have allowed the factory to purchase new production equipment and modernise infrastructure.
Similarly, the company's financial creators were negatively affected by the rise in commodity prices and the reluctance of customers to pay more for the goods produced by the company.
"Only in the second half of July 2016, customers acknowledged price changes and were willing to purchase goods for the new - higher - prices," the company's management says.
In 2015, the Blue Belt began negotiating with potential investors, including the valuation of movable and immovable assets.
Investors have already been the company's largest creditor to Unicredit Leasing, where the parties have familiar and discussed possible investment plans.
At the same time, the company's activities and developments were positively influenced by the implementation of the restructuring and optimisation plan launched in 2014 and 2015.
This plan included improving and optimising technological processes, enabling greater production productivity and capacity to be achieved.
"A number of facilities were purchased that provide higher production speeds," the company's management said.
The Blue Belt management notes that the equipment purchased in 2016 will allow the company's manufacturing plant to carry out orders that were not possible until now.
The first production party that will be produced on this equipment will be ready in August.
Since the protocols of intent on the sale of the product have already been signed, all production will be sold in accordance with the protocols of intent.
The new product will increase turnover by about 300 thousand euros per month ," says the company's management.
The company also plans to sign a co-operation agreement on the supply of fish products to Iraq in August 2016.
The Blue Belt has sent the first experimental container to Israel in 2016, expanded the outlet market to Cyprus and will sign a co-operation contract with a new supermarket chain in the US in September.
As a result of all the above measures, the company intends to increase its turnover.
In 2014, the Blue Belt worked with a turnover of €6.347 million and a loss of €5.113 million.
The Blue Belt is founded in 1997 and has a fixed capital of €1.156 million.
The company belongs to two Latvian private individuals - Mikhail Kaidanovam (89.11%) and Igors Sharpton (10.89%).
Welcome to the pl. 15 at the museum to expect cinema dynasty Zara Leanderi and attend a press conference.
Riga can be regarded as the beginning of the career of the Dar Leanderes of Dar Leanderes and the city of inspiration.
Zar Lenderes, who was the Swedish Ambassador to Latvia, was fatal in Riga in 1924, as she discovered the unusual low contralta of the Zar Leanderes woman, which she attempted to make on the scene of the Riga cabin theatre.
Perhaps it was the accidental appearance in Riga that became the fatal turn in Zar's creative way towards the glory of the world.
Riga Zika Leanderei was linked to warm memories and she hoped to travel to Riga in the visitors, but unfortunately, these expectations were not doomed to come true as the Second World War began.
Through the form of the show, this meeting will be possible in Riga Sunday 2016 and the excellent role of Zar Leanderes will be felt by the excellent Iva Kerivica.
Extensive traffic restrictions have been imposed in the agony neighborhood.
In order to ensure the safety of members of the Holy Junava Marie Skies, with effect from 12 August this year at 17:00 to 15 August, a lorry crossing on several national roads in the Agora neighborhood will be closed, the Latvian State's roads were informed.
These restrictions will not apply to members of the Agora festival and public transport.
It should be taken into account that construction works and construction sites will only be crossed by public transport and pedestrians at the P62 Krumins-Preloi-Madona stage from Krumins to Krumins station (0.80-4.00 km).
For other road users, traffic will be provided by road - the scheme in the accompanying file.
Traditionally, large numbers of participants are arriving on these festivals, including hoards.
Therefore, motorists must be particularly careful, as there will be an intensive pedestrian movement on different road routes.
Calls on drivers to take awareness of the traffic restrictions introduced, to comply with traffic organisation arrangements and to count on possible longer hours.
Water temperature has fallen below +20 degrees in all water bodies.
The cooling of water temperatures will continue with cool time, and currently all rivers and lakes, as well as at sea, are below +20 degrees, according to data from the Latvian Environment, Geology and Meteorology Centre.
In the sea, water cooled to +16. +18 degrees, in the west coast of the Gulf of Riga, the temperature of the wind has fallen to +13 degrees, in Ros for moments to +9 degrees.
In lieu and Daugava, as well as in large lakes, water temperature is +18 th +20 degrees, in other watercourses +14. +19 degrees.
A year ago, water temperature in rivers and lakes reached +24 th +25 degrees on 12 August, the southern coast of Riga was up to +22 degrees warm water.
A Russian army plane was identified near the Latvian border.
A Russian army plane was identified near Latvia's border, the agency said in the National Armed Forces.
NBS informs that on Friday the patrol aircraft over the Baltic Sea neutral waters at the Latvian territorial sea border identified the Russian Armed Forces plane "IL-20."
The agency has already signalled on several occasions that Russian army planes and naval vessels at Latvia's borders are being detected on a regular basis.
A sexual assault on two children has occurred in an entertainment park in England.
England City's Berkshire police are looking for a attacker who has sexually abused two six-year-old girls in an entertainment park in "Legoland," the Daily Mail reported.
Police have asked parents to investigate the photographs admitted to the entertainment park, as the attacker is likely to see them.
The girls have told the parents about what happened.
The man has been girls unfamiliar, white skin colours and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists occupy a German public broadcaster building.
A large Kurdish group of 30 people on Thursday evening took on a public broadcaster WDR building in Diseldorfa, where nearly two hours of protest shares were held, German police reported.
The demonstrators, who came along with the posters taken, chanted various slogans trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
Officials say the rally has generally been peaceful and protesters at the request of employees have voluntarily left the building.
The insurer pays compensation at the airport passengers cancelled at the airport on Wednesday.
If Insurance paid a travel insurance reward to a family on Wednesday, 10 August at the airport in Riga, which led to a refusal to visit the planned music festival.
On August 11, If Insurance from a client received a refund application.
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium, but as it was not possible for flights cancelled at airport on Wednesday, the customer was charged for a accommodation reservation that could no longer be cancelled, as well as for the purchase of the festival tickets for €204.
In contrast, the money spent on aircraft tickets has been promised to customers by the airline.
If insurance from all travel insurance royalties on average 15% of cases has cost compensation for interrupting or cancelling the trip.
"At such times, expenditure on the purchase, return or exchange of tickets shall be reimbursed, as well as the accommodation reservation," Dagny Rutka, head of the If Insurance Personal Risk Insurance Products.
As you know, on the evening of 10 August, a private plane stopped due to technical problems in Riga's runway, so only a number of flights were cancelled, but several incoming flights had to be diverted to other airports.
Because of a neighbour's repair, the man is being crushed to the ceiling and forced to leave the home.
In LTV's "4 th studio," Dmitry Saidjaševs, whose neighbour started the capital repairs in his apartment, and since then Dmitry has been dropped from the ceiling and has no confidence that staying in the apartment is safe.
The problem is that my neighbours carried out arbitrary construction and have damaged ceilings in my apartment.
Then I informed Riga's building board, the house manager and other organisations.
The builder said that we are not an operational service and we have no expert.
"The owner of the apartment must go to the Latvian Inengineering Union and there will be an expert from there," says Dmitry.
The guest expert has arrived, fixated on what happened and admitted that Shelter was in an unsatisfactory condition.
However, since the first Dmitry's application, a month has elapsed and, by the beginning of this week, no one was able to answer whether the presence in the apartment was not life-threatening.
In the building room, it is legislation, wait, if you are not satisfied, write to everyone in a row.
"I wrote to the Riga City Council, but they transferred the house to the manager, then the house manager again on the building, and then there is a stalemate," says Dmitry.
After looking at all the pieces of paper, it is clear that construction works have been stopped, something can be heard occasionally that someone is working there.
In another two months, an expertise must be carried out and, within six months, the owner of the apartment who is carrying out the repairs, all these defects should be prevented.
The independent expert has drafted its opinion, but the building board considers it incomplete and superficial.
The expert has not indicated whether the metal director in this bearing structure is affected, so it is not convinced that the owner of the lower apartment is being threatened.
"We have therefore requested additional clarification from this expert," said Ilze Juska, spokeswoman for Riga City Council.
Despite the ban on any repairs in the upper apartment, it is still heard from there that construction continues.
The penalty for arbitrary construction without construction permits is between 70 and 700 euros, but in this case the penalty can be considerably harsher.
While an expert opinion is expected, the building board has decided that both apartments should not be operated - both in which construction works and Dmitry's apartment are in place.
"This is a case of construction practices where, in this way, as a result of their ignorance or simply unwillingness, citizens have probably posed a danger not only to their own property but also to the lower property owner, as a result of which the owner cannot operate his property," a representative of the story of the story said.
Now Dmitry remains to look for another place to live - to create, friends, hotel or to rent another apartment.
But the losses caused by Dmitry may seek to recover from a neighbour's civil law, which can take a great deal of time.
As a result of the arbitrary construction, both apartments are currently banned until the nuclear engineer gives its findings, and it may have to wait even three weeks.
The losses incurred will have to be borne by the owner of the apartment in which the repairs took place.
The owner of this apartment, because it has not been taken into account, is also threatened with a prison sentence of up to six months.
Congrats now!
How many breaks in this bile?
The right answer - five.
In Ukraine, five white laureates were born in Camidova's zoo near Kiev.
Everyone feels good and sometimes shines together, despite the fact that a common baby is feeding.
The transformation of the former Kemer sanitary into a rock star hotel will cost EUR 22 million.
The transformation of the former Kemer sanitary into the Park Hotel Kemeri will cost €22 million, said Gita Zelve, a spokeswoman for the future hotel manager, Park Hotel Kemeri.
The building of a hotel is the first phase of the rebuilding of Kemeru's former sanitation.
The second stage will be a "wellness" or a well-being clinic scheduled to open in 2022 while the hotel's opening is scheduled for May 2018.
Mr Zelve notes that the exact cost of the clinic is not yet known.
However, she points out that it will be located in the polical building of the former Kemer resort, with an area of about 12,000 square metres.
The clinic will be located in three steep.
The Park Hotel Kemeri and the owner of the intended clinic are the International Fund for G Capital Europe, which invests in European assets.
The owners of "g Capital Europe" are several investors who invest money in the fund, says Zelve.
As the executive director of G Capital Europe said previously, it is planned to invest €12 to €15 million in the creation of a former resort poop, with an overall investment of over €30 million.
It has already been reported that in the renewal of the historic park of more than 42 hectares of space, road and street steps, the construction of an interactive natural tourism site, the building of the area and the construction of parking areas on the streets of Elove Garden, which will contribute to the socio-economic development of the city of Jurmala and the increase in the number of tourists, the Jurmala City Council intends to mobilise EUR 14.5 million from European Union funds, co-financing between three and four million euros.
Design works are scheduled for mid-2017, but construction and repair work will begin in autumn next year.
As reported, "Kemeri" is planned to build a rock star Park Hotel Kemeri and a "wellness" or a well-being clinic.
However, reconstruction lasted.
The 2010 Annual Report also claimed that "Ominasis" regularly communicated with the hotel operator Kempinski, which continues to provide daily technical control in sanitary "Kemeri," and will certainly be "completing the reconstruction of the future hotel in Kemeri" in 2011 and immediately starting preparatory work for the opening of the Kempinski chain hotel.
In October 2014, its readiness to purchase the "Ominasis Latvia" of the insolvent "Ominasis" in the auction was certified by the Park Hotel Kemeri, but a month later the auction was recognised as a non-event because the winner had not paid for the purchase at the time.
The price of sales was set at the start of the last non-event, EUR 2.86 million.
As LETA was informed by the city council's spokeswoman, Iva Ailes, the local government has confirmed, by signing the protocol, that, with the support of the co-financing of the European Union's Structural Funds, the renovating infrastructure will be put in place - restoring the historic Kemer Park, creating an interactive natural tourism site, sorting roads and parking areas.
President Antočenko will present a three-star Order.
President Raimonds Vejonis will be presented next week, 16 August, to the three-star Order III class operator Alexander Antočenko, according to the President's agenda.
The award ceremony of the three-star Order will take place at the White House at 13 a.m.
According to the information provided by the Latvian National Opera and Balletta (LNOB), Antočenko graduated in 1998 at the Musical College of Jasepa Medigan, which has learned the game of crowding instruments and has learned to sing to Margarita Gruzdevas.
Studied at the Vocal Unit of the National Academy of Music Music in the Latvian Academy of Music.
In 1997, he started to sing in the chorus of the Latvian National Opera, but in 1998 it was the role of Oberto in the G.F.Hendea opera "Alchina."
Received the "Grand Music Awards 2003" for the vapid performance in opera performances and Verdi Rekvik.
In 2004/2005.gada, it has become the internationally recognised Latvian tenor, which is anguished by major world operatives.
Since autumn 2004, he sang "Diseldorfa Deutsche Oper am Rhein," the Berlin and Grant opera, Dresden's Semperoper, Oslo and Stockholm Royal Opera, the London Koventglar opera, the Montekarlo opera, the Vienna National Opera, as well as the Geneva, Dresden and Diseldorf opera and the Salzburg Festival.
Antochenko, in 2009, took great success in the Metropolitan Opera in Prince's role in "Nar."
In 2011, Antočenko, with Rikardo's mouth and the Chicago symphony orchestra, sang the titulant "Otello" in the Paris opera, in the Koventgelden opera, he sang Luigi in the "Ambulance" novel, as well as in Stockholm in the "Girls from the West" studied in Stockholm.
A year later, Antoborenko sang Otello's role in London's Koventglar opera with great success.
A Russian hacker has been hacked by the former NATO commander, Bandlova.
Hackers, who hacked the computers of the US Democratic National Committee (DNC), allegedly carried out several other cyber attacks, also hacked the servers of the former commander of NATO European forces, Philippe Bisdlova, and the "Open Society" of George Sorosa, a business news agency Bloomberg reported Thursday.
The information obtained by hackers was published on the DCLeaks.com.
Among other things, Bloodlova's correspondence and news of the work of the Sorosa Institute are also posted.
For hackers, the Institute's computers have been available for a whole year.
According to Bloomberg news, these cyber attacks were carried out by the same Russian-related hackers who hacked the DNC emails.
The Wall Street Journal reports that US President Barack Obama's administration is currently examining the issue of imposing new sanctions on Russia, in response to the hacking of DNC computers.
To introduce sanctions, the administration will have to officially cyber-attack Democratic Party servers to accuse Russia or the Russian authorities of supporting hackers.
As reported, the website WikiLeaks released in July an estimated 20,000 emails obtained from the DNC computer system and from which the Democratic Party leaders have sought to damage the campaign of party candidates Hillary Clinton's former rival Vermont Sandersa in the battle for a Democrat nomination starter in the presidential election.
As reported by US press sources, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which carries out a hacking investigation of Democrat servers, as well as other U.S. officials, believes Russia's connection with the cyber attack is almost beyond doubt.
McArmstrong: Joko Ono's presence endangered the Beatles.
Paul McArmstrong admitted that Joko Ono's presence had created a sense of danger from the legendary group The Beatles.
The 74-year-old rookie star is currently holding a "good" relationship with the widow of the non-time John Lenon, but at the time she went to the group to visit the recording in the studio, McArnia was terrified, because Ono was the only woman in the group's members - George Harisons, Ringo Station, Lenon and Macartnia.
When the singer asked about both relationships, he told the magazine Rolling Stone: "Those are really good."
We felt threatened at the time.
While we recorded, she was sitting on the enhancers.
Most groups could not tolerate it.
We could, but not quite successfully, because we were very tight.
We were not sexist but the girls did not usually come to the recording studio, they allowed us to operate.
When John started to meet Joko, she didn't sit in control but in the middle of our four.
The author of "Yellow Submarine" has also admitted that he is now regularly contacted by former group members Ringo, and occasionally approves the "Apple" work plans of the recording studio, but otherwise the Beatles have "finished working."
Asked whether he was still living with a second-only member of the legendary rookie group, McArmstrong told Rolling Stone: "Frequently not."
We meet in social events and balls.
However, I do not go to the meetings, I feel a little bit of it.
I went from "Apple" during heavy divorce.
In my place, I sent John Edwards to the meetings and said: "The stories to me, what everyone says, because I cannot suffer sitting on the table."
It was too painful as if to see the dying of his pet.
The company is now working so I just listen to all the records.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venture has ever been a residential planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venera has once been an inhabitable planet.
Scientists from NASA's Godarda Space Studies Institute have developed a model to explore Venera's history using tools and algorithms used by climate scientists as well.
The model was designed to determine whether Venera, whose surface is hot, is not water and its atmosphere consists almost exclusively of carbon, has once been on Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have said previously that the slow speed of the Venera is explained by the dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulations suggest that Venus has ever had a plan, the Earth-like atmosphere and turned slowly.
The model also looks at Venera's earlier topography.
There have been more dry areas on the planet than on Earth, but there has been enough water and geographical diversity to be able to build life and prevent water from being evaporated.
In early Venera times, the sun was 30 per cent more bright.
In the simulation of the gist model, the Venture Return model reveals that the day's daylight on it takes 2 months, GISS scientist Antonia Del Genio explained in a press release.
The process warms the surface of the planet and causes a case that in turn forms thick layers of clouds operating as an umbrella, protecting the planet from the sun heat.
The result is a moderate climate temperature, which is actually a few degrees lower than temperatures on Earth nowadays.
The model depicts the history of Venera, which is similar to the theory of evolution developed by scientists in their hypotheses.
Although it has ever been inhabitable, over several billion years, Venera has been subjected to too much heat and ultraviolet rays.
Its oceans were washed and the gardens were slashed by ultraviolet rays.
With the water completely exhausted, the pair remained just a carbon dioxide atmosphere of the plan with deadly greenhouse gas - Venera, as we know today.
Scientists published the results of the new Venera climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patriots Ros resigns from Avalanche's coaching office
On Thursday, Colorado Avalanche Coach and Hockey Operations Vice President Patrique Rojas filed a replete, as the reason to mention, the insufficient impact in the team's decision-making process.
Colorade Vice President and general manager Joe Sakho confirmed the news and announced that the club would immediately start looking for a new coach.
"For the last three years, I have vigorously, enthusiastically and targeted my duties as chief trainer and vice president of the Colorade Club hockey operations," the 50-year-old Rojas said in a statement.
This summer, I have thought a lot about how I could improve the performance of the team to give it the necessary luminescence and achieve a higher level of results.
To achieve this, the vice president and vision of the chief trainer and hockey operations must be fully aligned with the organisation's visions.
He should also be able to influence decisions relating to the performance of the team.
At the moment, these conditions have not been met.
The podium, who contracted Rooney on May 23, 2013, thanked Rooney for his contribution to the team.
The speaker said that the Patriots informed him about his decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation and wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014, Rooney was recognized as the league's best coach and received the Jeka Adams Award.
He helped the club reach 112 points and first place in Central Division, but in the first round of the exclusion games, the Colorado team was defeated by the Minnesota hokes. Since then, the club has not entered the exit games for two years.
The Avalanche completes the 2015-2016 season with a result 39-39-4 and remained five points behind Wild's team without getting the second special invitations of the West Conference organisers.
Glory Hall goalkeeper Ros fought four stellar beats in his career - two with Montreal Canadiens and two with Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks and postpone strike
Workers' strikes on the pay of North Sea oil workers have been postponed, with the two sides involved in the dispute resuming talks, the negotiators say.
Occasionally, the oil-processing company Wood Group is holding strikes on North Sea oil platforms in which the company Royal Dutch Shell operates.
The joint statement says Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions agreed to resume talks to resolve the dispute.
In the coming weeks, we have a number of full-day meetings that will start at the beginning of next week with a view to re-examining the problematic issues.
Unions said their recent events organised after more than 25 years of interruption are targeted against a planned salary cut of 30 per cent.
Due to negative market pressures, Wood Group reduced wages to the North Sea workers by 9 per cent this year.
Already in 2014, the company reduced land workers' salaries by 10 per cent.
The company explains that additional salary cuts would allow the company to survive the downturn in the market.
In contrast, Shell already cut wages for several thousand people and announced plans to stop oil and natural gas operations in 10 countries to optimise its work in preparation for a large-scale merger deal with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of falling oil prices, and the situation is further complicated by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
At the beginning of the week, Scottish MP Deiva Anderson met with workers' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - North Sea strike plans.
He said the North Sea is vital to the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole need an economy that benefits all, not individuals.
In 2016, new North Sea projects are expected to invest nearly $1.4 billion, compared to $7 billion invested in the last five years.
Kepler size star turning speed at Plejade star.
The latest Kepler telescope mission has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalogue of star-cutting speed at the Plejade star.
The new data helps astronomers to understand why the stars in this star turned at different speeds, as well as the way in which the speed of the stars' turnaround is attributable to the formation of planets.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other stars, we will gain more knowledge of the relationship between star weight, age and even the history of its solar system," Pasadenas Caltech Infrasarkano Proprocess and Analytical Centre scientist Luisa Rebula said in a news release.
The pink star is at 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this star are just beginning to grow up to about 125 million years of age.
They are approaching the maximum speed.
Turning at the maximum speed, these growing stars distribute a large amount of star wind.
The winds get the star in the magnetic field, they have a brake on the stars.
For stars ageing, their turning speed is diminishing.
Kepler measured the speed of each star's turnaround, measuring the time between the emergence of recognisable star areas such as sunglasses.
The latest star-cutting speed catalogue shows more stars turn more slowly than smaller stars.
The rebull compares the stars with the dancing, the larger frugal dancing takes the pyjettes more slowly than the dejoyants of a little ghost.
The rebull tells us that in Plejade's "ballroom" we see that slowly rotating sites are larger and larger, while faster rotating sites are very small stars.
Thanks to the fact that the Plejade star is so close, it serves as a great space lab, where to compare star characteristics with cutting speeds.
The reboot tells us that Plejade's star helps build theoretical models for star rotation in both directions, both older and younger stars.
We still have to learn a lot about how, when and why slowing the speed of star turning and about their full stop process.
Rebull and his colleagues detailed the analysis of the Plejade star's cutting speed in three new publications, which will soon be published in the Astronomy Žurnālā.
