28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead this week in a supermarket in the climb.
But the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would hurt his brother, saying: "his life finally started to improve."
At the Westfildas supermarket on Wednesday, the body was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, a San Francisco medical expert has said.
San Francisco police have said the case is being investigated as a homicide and is currently under investigation.
The victim's brother Luis Galicia told ABC News KGO from San Francisco that Frank had previously worked as a cooks in Boston, but six months ago he was sticking to his dream job at a restaurant for "sons & daughters" in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the restaurant's sons & daughters said they were shocked and shocked to learn of his death.
"We are a small team working as a cohesive family and he will miss us very much," the spokesperson said.
At this difficult time our thoughts are with mournful friends and family.
Luis Galicia said at the start that Frank had been sleeping in the hosteros, but recently, life had finally improved.
"He was in a new apartment and was starting to meet up with a girl," Luis told KGO radio.
Louis Galicia says he doesn't know who would hurt his younger brother.
He was a good man with a broad heart.
"He always palutted his family, preparing a delicious meal and preparing lunch," Luis Galicia said
He never wanted to engage in disputes.
He was a brother who allowed the stream.
"Given everything that's going wrong in the world, he was a diamond that was shining every day," he said.
Anyone who may have any information about what happened is asked to call the SFPD Information Line at 415-575-4444.
New doctors' strike: calls for new protests
Representatives of the new doctors require their union to launch protests in a dispute over the new contract.
The British Medical Association (LMA) New Doctors Committee (jak) was preparing to request the council to support broader protests from September this year.
Jak says ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the contract.
In July, young doctors and medical students rejected the contract offered by LMA.
Of all the members who took part in the vote, 58 percent voted against.
In a message published late in the evening on Twitter, the jak council member, Elena Makkorta, said that the government was continuing to remain silent on this issue and this has led to a rejection of the contract offer.
She said: "as a result, jak has voted to completely reject the proposed contract and request new formal discussions to discuss key issues."
In response to the government's silence, jak today made a formal request to meet with the LMA council to ayers the development of new contracts that would come into effect in September.
As a result of the dispute, young doctors have taken part in six strikes, including for the first time in NHS history to stop working.
After the vote, the LMA rejected the proposed contract terms, recommended by the BMA, from the resignation of LMA's new doctor, Dr Johann Malawana.
Before meeting with 54,000 new doctors and medical students, he was told by BMA members that the contract is well designed and will be adopted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hants said the contract would be concluded with England's medical team.
Russia and Turkey: pariah alliance?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
Russian and Turkish leaders met on Tuesday to shake up and announce eight months of words and economic sanctions for war baigs.
However, Vladimir Putin greets the Turkish leader in the Palace of St Petersburg, with the impression that Ankara is the one most in need of this partnership.
Despite this, the two were rocked.
Vladimir Putin's smile looked snatched and did not cause warm emotions, even after his usual standards.
In contrast, guest Tayyip Erdogan ended up calling Putin his "dear friend," repeating it at least five times, according to a meeting review.
I broke down the numbers.
He also promised that relations with Russia would improve not only to pre-crisis levels, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper reported that Erdogan had taken it as if nothing bad had happened.
For me his enthusiasm led to conflicting feelings.
But a chill from Putin showed that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
The first he mentioned in his address was the shooting of Russian planes on the Syrian border.
At the time, Moscow reacted sharply.
Putin accused Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
The abuse was seen even more painful, given that it came from a friend.
Restoring real confidence will be very difficult, maybe even impossible.
Since November, Russia's public position has changed.
For months, government-controlled television preached widespread hostility towards Ankara.
All of a sudden, everything seemed to blame the Turks.
The most serious was the allegations, which reported that Erdoğan's own family made a profit in illegal oil trading with the Islamic State's controlled part of Syria.
He completely denied it himself.
But St Petersburg was given a hint that it's time to forget the past.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received an apology from President Erdoğan.
Russia could see it as a kind of victory.
Ankara's gain from peace reconciliation is clear to everyone.
First, Erdogan needs all the folks after he was almost ousted last month in an attempted coup.
The countless terrorist attacks have also shaken his positions.
And there are also economic motives.
Russia's sanctions have resulted in solid losses, particularly a charter ban, which typically provides a Turkish beach with several million Russian tourists each year.
This figure fell by almost 90%.
Also in the Russian Troperators and charter companies, when scheduled flights will be reconnected.
They look forward to the seasonal sound of Holiday fever in the Mediterranean.
Already this week, state TV provides for a reduction in the price of fruit and vegetables when the import of Turkish fruit and vegetables is restored.
As quoted by local newspaper Vedemosti: "tourists give them tomatoes for us."
But the visit also had other political motives from the Moscow side.
Ankara is feisty to the west for what they believe to be a weak response to the attempted coup.
The long-standing negotiations on accession to the EU and the intervention of Mr Putin, who are happy to take advantage of the situation in Turkey and Western relations, can also be taken into account.
The Russian leader was certainly the winner, providing support to Ankara and its authorities following the coup.
Please note that Moscow is afraid of regime change in the country.
The summit, which took place in this painted seaside castle, gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present, as one analyst called, "pariah Aliansi," two countries that feel excluded from the West by joining forces.
However, despite the demonstration of public unity, there are considerable differences between the two countries.
One of them is Syria, where Russia depicts itself as a means of peace, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite parties.
After more than three hours of lengthy discussions, the two presidents told a news conference that they had not even touched on the issue.
The Turkish president purposefully avoided questions about the differences between the two countries, meanwhile President Putin only separately mentioned them.
It is not clear how the two countries could find common ground on the Syrian issue.
But after months of open hostility and potential disasters, when a Nato member of Turkey downed a Russian fighter plane, the situation has improved as the two leaders have relaunched to talk to each other.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
The brand of the SKB will continue to play a role, the bank's executive director has said.
Outside the Scottish SKB will no longer be available.
Ross Makevans told BBC channel Scotland that the SKB brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has abandoned them because eight years ago the bank almost went bankrupt and needed financial assistance.
By that time, brand strategists have used the SKB brand to protect other consumer financial brands.
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports representatives, starting with Six Nations rugby and finally with Wimbledon tennis champion Andy Mureju.
But it has now been decided to allow other national brands to make inroads.
The Scottish Royal Banaka will be available to Scottish customers but will not be made public.
In England and Wales the SKB will in future exist in the form of the main ofisa and stock market, but the remaining parts of the franchise will be changed to the name NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Now the prominence will also include smaller private financial brands such as Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Makevans was interviewed during the journey with customers and staff across Invernesshire.
He told the BBC Scotland channel: "the SKB will become our investor brand and will be given more attention because now we are becoming more of a brand bank."
In time, the bank itself became a global brand and the SKB also became a global brand.
I say now that we no longer have a global ambition, we have local ambitions.
Each of these brands will represent something unique, everyone in their industry and our staff will work with customers below these brands.
The SKB has already announced that it will not continue the "Six Nations" sponsorship and calls on people from other brands to take part in the sponsorship.
"The time has come to become a brand bank because inside the bank we have long been asking ourselves how to become a better bank for their customers?" The executive director says.
It would have been very cynical if we would have said three years ago that we would become a great bank for our customers and will develop these brands.
But thanks to the hard work and focus on the customer rather than our own needs, we have made changes.
We can revive these brands again, so I think now is the time.
Frenkie Detori wins 3000th victory after 5-1 win with horse Predilecton
Detori choked the shampound after a victory in New York brought him a 3000th victory.
On Friday, jockey Frenkie Detori won his 3000th victory after gaining the first spot in New York.
He was at this achievement, pairing a second win this evening in his home races, riding with Predilaction, trained by John Gosdens.
The 45-year-old is the sixth jockey who fought such an achievement in a horse sprinta race.
He is joined by Sir Gordonam Richard, Dougam Smitam, Leicester Pigotam, Peter Ederry and Willy Karsonam.
Three-time champion jockey Detori, who previously won with horse Ghayyar, tecia: "it's something special."
I am very moved because my whole family is here.
I am very happy that this happened in New York, because that is where I have lived here for 30 years.
This is not a big race, this is not the Royal Askota, but a simple Friday night with 20,000 people.
I feel relieved and very grateful.
Detori is expected to face plaudits and jubilation after he and Predilecton return with a win.
Two jockeys have reached this record in the race with obstacles - champion Richard Johnson and retired 20 another champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who in his record-breaking career reached more than 4,300 victories.
Leicester Pigotam, a 19-year-old derby winner, owns 4493 career victories.
Frenkie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no wonder that he has achieved this achievement, which can only be achieved by the few.
He has style and strength, but his sense of tactics differentiates him from the other jockeys.
He is a fantastic representative of racing, his enthusiasm and harism years attracting fans.
A few weeks ago, in the race for Epbags, I said if he hadn't just been a week away and the great racing jockey, he would already have 6,000 victories.
But speaking seriously, it's great to see that Frenkie has been able to win regularly for 30 years.
He is a buoyant character who in the British race is a great trait and, moreover, he is also a distinguished jockey.
Frank Detori noted this achievement with his firm mark - flying the nod.
From flying finys to flying drops, Frenkie Detori has for two decades been the face of British horse racing.
This has been the full path of adventure.
He has won many of the big races, including 1996, his famous "superb seven-year-old" in Askotá, having outlived the plane's accident and preparation medalist.
Three years ago, he experienced some difficulties coming back after a six-month ban, but he was able to demonstrate his character strength by regaining his best form.
And he could continue to compete for a while yet - Detori has previously said he would be happy to compete at least until the age of 50.
President Putin to dismiss administration leader Sergey Ivanovu
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly fired adminsitration leader Sergey Ivanovu.
Ivanov has spent many years in Putin's immediate circle of people.
The 63-year-old politician has now been appointed Special Representative for Nature and Transport.
The Kremlin statement said Putin "decided to release Ivanovu from the head of the Russian administration's duties" without giving any reason.
Ivanova instead appointed a post in charge of blame, who had been his deputy since 2012.
The 44-year-old has been blamed for being a diplomat.
Blamed for being born in 1972 in the Estonian capital, Tallinn, graduated from the prestigious Moscow National Institute for International Relations (MVSAI) and later served in the Tokyo embassy.
According to the Kremlin website (in Russian), he later led the Presidential protocol and government staff management.
After the appointment he told Putin: "thank you for your trust."
In my opinion, the main work of the administration is to support your work as president of the country by drafting laws and controlling your decisions.
Putin told Brennan on Friday that Ivanov himself wanted to leave his post and recommended blaming her as a substitute.
Do smiles convince?
This step embarrassed Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov, a long-serving and close ally of Vladimir Putin, and like Putin, once worked in the Soviet security service of the KGB.
In the post he was one of the most influential men in Russia.
At a national televised meeting, the two men announced that Ivanov resigns on his own initiative.
But despite the short-haul smiles, it rarely reassures us, especially in the run-up to the parliamentary elections.
Is this the result of a power struggle?
Nobody knows.
But the claim that the husband, who was considered a possible president, suddenly wanted himself to become head of Russian environmental policy, is seen with great skepticism.
In the remarks published on the Kremlin website, Ivanov tells Putin: "it is true that at the beginning of 2012 I would ask me to entrust this difficult position, could even claim a problematic post for four years.
It turns out that I have worked in this office for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He previously served as prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former KGB national security officer, like Putin.
In the late 1990s Putin was head of the Federal Security Service, a successor to the KGB, Ivanov was captured by his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanovu to five people, whom he trusted the most.
At the end of Putin's second term, Ivanov was considered a potential Russian presidential candidate because Putin's re-election for a third term would be unconstitutional.
But back then the president became another close ally of Putin - Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister, and after three and a half years returned as president.
The mysterious appearance of fish in a Banfas garden
A man from Banfas is asking for help to establish the circumstances in which his garden in Banafa has appeared in the fish.
Kevin Bains thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels, which are suffocated by his garden.
Mr Beina, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, released its mystery of images in Periskopa, hoping that someone might know how his garden appeared in this 5 centimetres of big fish.
Quesferijaskrusture: the bridge is now connecting to Fifi.
The current £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed in May 2017.
Engineers have connected the northern part of Quesferia and viaduktu, meaning the bridge is now hooked up with Fifi.
The first of the four connecting parts has been completed, which means that the construction of the bridge is drawing to a close.
The Fifes Bridge structure is 600 metres tall and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It consists of 10,000 tonnes of steel, 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 support cables.
Currently, £1.35 billion is expected to be completed in May 2017.
Economic Secretary Keits Brown was here today on the building site and was one of the first who boarded the bridge.
He said: "this is a symbolic and historic moment in the construction of the Quesferia Bridge."
In this project, we can witness a truly enormous engineering capacity, with more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel used to build this part of the bridge alone.
Despite the enormous weight and size of the bridge, the bridge and viadukta connection is an extremely delicate process which requires a huge amount of precision.
In general, more than 79 per cent of the bridge deck has already been built and the last sequel, which will connect the bridge with Rositu, will be flared today, which means all parts of the bridge are ready to fall.
Fourth bridge joints project director Michael Martin said: "the first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge."
In this fantastic project, the first compound demonstrates first-class engineering.
After the last stretch of the installation and its bonding with the northern tower's support, we were postponed to connect the northern section of the road with a part of the land, or viaduktu.
It was done by pushing the northern driveway to the viadukta share of 700 millimetres to the south.
It was a jumbo and, at the same time, a very delicate operation.
Massive, as the viadukts are 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tonnes and was catching the chateau by about 3 per cent.
Delicate as the clearance in both directions, which the team worked on, was just a few millimetres wide.
Luckily, things ended well.
Simona Bailsa takes gold in the gymnasium for women.
Forget the tension.
Forget the excitement.
Bailsu Avenue is not worried about it all.
Dynamic leaps.
Lightweight on the plank.
Unbeatable on the floor.
Totally impeccable.
And finally the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 19-year-old American gym won the gold medal, fully showing the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the olipmpical scene.
Her overall score of 62,198 was the head of the court outweighed by the silver medal winner and her team's frightening results from the Alia Raismanes and bronze medal winner Alia Mustafinas.
On Thursday, U.S. semi-final Simona Bailsa is carrying out a gym on the plank of the gymnasium gymnasium for women defeating women in the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Bailsa became the fourth American in a row, having won a multi-game crown and the fifth best gym, gradually cementing a reputation as the best of his generation's gym and arguably the best vingrocer in history.
She went into tears when the final result was announced and her long road to that day was over.
This achievement puts him next to unparalleled athletes like Michael Felps, who raised his sport to a new level.
Bailsa has dominated the last three years in his sport, gaining 15 medals at world championships, including 10 gold medals, performing such excellent, precise and ambitious exercise combinations that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lu Retone called him "the best gym she has ever seen."
In Brazil, she expected the final test, where she had to compete to a large extent with the expectations of him and not with the other athletes.
She would be disappointed if they return to their home in Spring, Texas without gold medals.
U.S. Athlete Simona Bailsa (left) and Alija Raismane envy after winning the corresponding gold and silver medallist gymnasium in the individual tournament for women in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, which took place on Thursday.
Bailsa won the first gold medal on Tuesday, making a special squad coordinator for the Martas Karolji farewell party.
Although Bailsa claims that in its long journey to the glory peaks there was nothing to expect, it is not really true.
Part of her performance in the free movement, which includes her special acrobatic transition, is accompanied by Latin music, which famously entered the street next to the Rio Olympic Games.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl, who was adopted by her grandparents when she was a baby and was discovered by a mother on a tour of Eimia Burman on a sports hall where Burmanes held the ternussle, has now become a force to be reckoned with.
She hasn't lost a multi-game race since the summer of 2013 and winning the series can go on as long as Bailsa wants it.
Although Mustafina's two rotation took a bit of leadership, it was just an illusion.
The co-operative beam and the free movement - the part of the race where Bailsa will defend his crown, is yet to come.
She came to the forefront with a score of 15,433 on the plank and strengthened the lead with the outcome of the 15.933 free movement
Raismane hugged her gentle while she waited for the results, which was just a formality and she went into tears of joy when the dream came true, which she once had written in her remarks in the book.
Raismanes's performance was a minor revenge for the events four years ago when she shared third place with Mustafinu, yet lost the fight for a bronze medal.
This time, the 22-year-old captain, named by the Americans as a "grandmother," came forward in convincing leadership.
After the performance of the free movement, which dispelled doubts about her return, she was able to dedicate an air kiss to the crowd.
Meanwhile, the 19-year-old's virtual tweet, which she published this week, now has a completely different role.
6-year-old Mahai Brown's "lodges" survives shelling in Philadelphia.
Police said a 6-year-old magnificent was shot in Philadelphia, saying it was already the second six-year-old who was shot this week in Philadelphia.
The child's grandparents told CBS Philadelphia news station that it is Mahai Brown.
Grandparents say Brown was shot multiple times, including a groin, leg, hand and belly, but was still conscious when he took her to hospital.
His grandmother Deloresa Melendeza tells the television: "his baby body just had a lodges."
I can't believe it.
A boy in a critical condition has been hospitalised and has already passed several operations.
The family says he supposedly recovers.
He had to start going first class at a local primary school.
Brown is one of four people shot by the town of Germantaunas.
They were also shot by three men: two 29-year-old men and one 32-year-old man.
CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year-old men is in a critical condition, while the rest of the two victims are stable.
The channel said a child was found in the front seat of the car next to a 29-year-old victim in a critical condition.
The other two victims did not appear in the ambulance and police are investigating whether any of them had been the attacker.
The investigator told CBS Philadelphia that the gun was likely to have been involved in a number of shooters.
The scene only found cartridge shells belonging to a variety of weapons.
It looks like it has been a prolonged firing.
Both sides of the pavement were found in the shell.
"So it looks like there have been a number of armed shooters that actively participated in the shelling," Philadelphia Police Captain Anthony Ginaldi said.
Damage was also caused to several homes and cars.
No one has yet been arrested and police are reportedly examining surveillance camera records.
During the shooting on Tuesday, a bullet hit a 6-year-old girl in his hand while she was playing in the front of his home in the Westoukleinas district.
She is slowly recovering, but police are still searching for the perpetrator.
Why we need Avenue, Gabia and Lauria.
This is what I call this year's Women's Olympic team and there are many reasons for this.
First, I've been to all the summer Olympics since 1984 and the US team has never been so good.
Secondly, this team is made up of three athletics, Simonas Bailsas, Gabia Duglasas and Lauria Hernandezas, which inspires many new other racial girls.
People can be proud that this team is also made up of Alja Raismane, who is Jewish and Medisona Kociana, who is a Catholic.
At last, this team looks like America.
It has also strengthened the participation of black and Latin American athletes in this sport.
For the past four years, the best gym has been an African-American.
Last year, Simona and Gabija took 1 and 2 yards.
These are impressive results.
In the previous Olympic Games, Gabija Dugread became astonishingly about the Olympic champions and America could have been rejoicing.
Now the world has seen these mesmerising exercise, met by triple world champion Simona Bailsa, Dugread and Laurija Hernandeza, fulfilling an impossible but impressive exercise.
On Thursday, Simona became the fourth smerikanis in a row, which has won a gold medal for individual women.
Her teammate Alija Raismane won a silver medal.
We have seen the best that this sport can bring, but in the rest of the country the situation is different.
Simona, Gabija and Laurija entered the Olympic team like Alija and Medisona.
Her is the "Olympic Five," as the next Olympic gymnasium will consist of only four athletes and this is the treneres of Martas Karolas's final year in the work of the treneres.
The truth is that exercise is an expensive sport and the gymers are primarily trained by private athletics clubs and are kept by parents who pay for drills, accommodation, travel, uniforms, hotels (coaches, athletes and their families) and other expenses.
Most of these athletics clubs are located in urban areas that can afford such sport.
In these clubs athletes discharged all their training and this is an expensive and long contribution to the families of the closes.
Eimia Burmana - Simonas trainer and Megija Hainija - Lauria Hernandezas has trained his female athletes since they both began to deal with the athletics.
We need to provide young girls who inspire Simona, Gabija and Lauria for cheaper exercise training opportunities.
I founded my athletics organisation 20 years ago.
In my organisation, based in Harlem, we offer more than 15,000 young people (mainly black and Spanish) gymnasium training free of charge or at a low price and have also been trained by national and international champions.
In September, we will discover a branch in Detroit (my home town) to ensure local young people get a chance to get to know this great sport.
Vieglatlich develops strength, loanness and body coordination, and also teaches hard work, discipline and aspiration for purpose.
This combination provides a long life with good health and success both at school and at work.
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to train for athletics and it's fantastic.
Practising this sport is very important, especially for young girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thank you Simona, Alija, Gabija and Medisona for the superb "Message Force" demonstration, gaining an Olympic gold medal and motivating countless new, diverse racial girls to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
After the rejection of Jeremy Hanta's offer, young doctors plan to roll out more strike action.
Ministers had hoped to end the controversy when it was agreed to change the deal with the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 new doctors who took part in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hants announced plans to conclude the contract, saying the NHS is in an unstable state and that further delays would only hurt workers and patients.
The first new doctors have already signed the new contract, which includes changes to the conditions for working night shifts and weekends to improve working conditions in non-standard working hours.
Last night the BMA's new doctors spokeswoman Dr Elena Makourta said the new junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it would deepen the labour force crisis and it does not provide all doctors with equal conditions.
There are eight weeks left until the first group of young doctors will sign the new contract, so progress needs to be made as time is running out.
The BMA's efforts to resolve the problem through negotiations have faced the government's unwillingness to engage and sometimes with complete silence.
This has happened even despite the fact that Jeremy Hants has said that his door was always open.
Jeremy Hantam must act now, put an end to his inaction and cooperate with young doctors.
If he does, the new doctors are ready for new protests.
During the last strike at the end of April, more than 13,000 routine operations were delayed and 100,000 visits while nurses and consultants tried to replace doctors who had gone picket.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute when an agreement was reached to change the deal with the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants to raise the rate of work at weekends for 54,000 new doctors to be covered by the new contracts.
NHS Employment Chief Executive Daniel Mortimers called on young doctors not to go on strike.
Mr Mortimera explains that the strikes do not solve anything but only increase the pressure on busy workers and worry about causing stress and delays for patients, carers and their families.
For the past two months we have spoken to the new doctors' committee and, together with the Department of Health and other institutions, have responded positively to their questions about custody and informants.
Employers hope that active cooperation on other key issues, such as employee placement, elestic training, additional training for those returning after a career break, training costs, mutual recognition of training programmes and gender pay inequalities in medicine - show that employers, England's health education institutions and the Department of Health seriously want to implement agreements concluded with BME in November, February and May.
Drugs for £2 a day can reduce the risk of a heart attack.
Thousands of patients, who had a heart attack, could receive treatment with drugs for £2 a day, as official officials recommended they use more people and longer periods.
Pretrecating drug ticagrelor reduced the risk of a repeated heart attack for people with heart problems.
These drugs are already prescribed for use for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of repeated heart attack.
NHS NICE has recommended the use of this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack to further reduce the risk of heart attack for people with cardiovascular problems.
But the NHS currently in charge of NICE has recommended the use of this preparation for 4 years after a heart attack to further reduce cardiovascular risk.
Every year, about 140,000 people in England face a heart attack and a quarter of them face repeated heart attacks or strokes.
Sirdstrokes and strokes are caused by the accumulation of fats in heart walls, building up dams.
If the dam burst, it can create thrombin, blocking blood flow to the heart and causing a heart attack.
Conversely, if the trombs separate from vascular walls, it can get further into the bloodstream and block blood access to the brain, causing a heart attack.
People who have had a heart attack are at greater risk of repeated heart attack.
Ticagrelor, produced by British firm AstraZeneca and marketed under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of the formation of thrombin.
The new NICE guidelines, which were published today, recommend people use 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months and another 3 years by 60 mg twice a day along with aspirin.
Nice health technology director Professor Kerola Longson explains: "despite the fact that drugs are available for repeated heart attack prevention, more than a quarter of people who have had a heart attack, face another heart stroke or stroke and often face severe consequences."
The fear of a repeated heart attack can have a negative impact on the quality of human life.
Evidence suggests that ticagrelors combined with aspirin effectively reduce the risk of repeated heart attack and heart attack for people who once experienced it.
By tentatively recommending treatment with ticagrelors, we are delighted to be able to expand treatment options for the thousands of people who are thus winners.
Given the limited information on the efficiency and safety of ticagrelors, in particular the risk of bleeding, using this medicine for more than three years, the draft guidelines do not recommend their use for more than this period.
Political correctness culture contributes to electoral fraud in Islamic areas
According to a management report, former Hamlet Mayor Lutfurs Rahmans was fired in connection with corruption.
The government's report reveals that the culture of political correctness has led to Islamic districts at large-scale corruption.
Former government minister Sir Eriks Pikls is critical of police, election monitors and city councils that they ignore signs of fraud because of "fear of encroaching on ethnic minorities."
The former cartoon secretary, who has now become a member of the anti-corruption movement, says that the intimidation of voters is so widespread that police should be allowed to deploy guards outside the polling stations to protect intimidating voters.
He also recommends that voters should show ID when they vote to prove their true identity.
At the moment, voters only have to indicate the name and address.
He even recommends to mark the exit fingers with special ink to prevent double voting.
The perpetrators of the fraud should also be provided with greater protection, says Sir Eriks.
He also wants the press to have greater access to council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups.
He said: "the aim is not just to prevent rigging in elections, but also to protect local authorities from a wider culture of corruption and fraud, both of which are linked."
The report was commissioned by Downing Stralk after the Toverhamlet city election brawl.
Last year, the electoral court ruled that Mayor Lutfurs Rahmans should be removed from the mayor's office due to corrupt and illegal activity.
The court accused Rahman of a "cynically perverse" religious view and insulting his critics and accused of racism and Islamophobia.
"Rahman has driven his election campaign with such a statement that it is the Muslim holy task of voting for him."
300 votes were fake or questionable because one person had voted repeatedly.
Sir Eriks also said that there are signs of fraud across the country.
In particular, he drew attention to the use of the post with which senior members of Muslim communes, using their authority, forced others to vote for their preferred candidates.
Sir Eriks suggested a series of measures to improve the electoral system, including requiring ID to establish a person's identity.
According to his report: "there is evidence that many vulnerable comb members, especially women and children, are being forced to vote in favour of the oldest preferred candidates, especially in the Communion with the people of Bangladesh and Pakistan."
"There are concerns that the area's institutions are not paying attention to these problems as a result of overly sensitive political correctness, as it could offend other origins and religions."
Sir Eriks put forward 50 recommendations on how to improve the electoral system, including a ban on politicking activists to handle election papers in the form of a post in order to prevent "the cultivation of votes."
The report, which is being examined by Theresa May, also calls for a more thorough review of the registration to prevent the use of the electoral register for immigration and benefit fraud.
Apbler's chance to test voter ID before voting.
He recommends to mark the exit fingers with special ink to prevent double voting.
Carry out systematic checks on the nationality of persons in order to ascertain whether they are actually entitled to vote.
Impose a three-year limit on automatic postal voting requests.
Prohibit political activists from acting with votes in postal form.
Assure the police to post a full guard at the polls.
Change the law to make it easier for individuals to be tried for abuse under the 1983 Human Rights Act.
Prohibit photographing polling stations.
Require the use of only English polling stations (except Wales).
Step up training so that precinct workers ensure that voters go to the ballot box one by one.
Sir Eriks strongly criticises the metropolitan police that have not been charged in the Toverhamletas case.
He said: "the electoral court only disqualified Lufturu Rahman and his agent for activities related to corruption and fraud."
He was found guilty more than convincingly on the basis of conclusive evidence.
He also criticizes the ineffective town hall of the electorate to "check out" polling stations.
Sir Eriks said: "last year's court decision was a wake-up call.
Our land is known as the homeland of law and law, but the spread and denial of electoral fraud seriously undermines this good reputation.
Mad Keitas cyclist and other Rio Olympian Gleeson
Rio 2016 Olympics fans enthuse about French cyclists Paulin Ferrandu Prevotu, who has become an impressive counterpart to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old is not the only one in the semi-final who is fighting for gold this summer, posing as their own designated celebrities - at least referring to social media.
Therefore, in honour of the Rio Olympic Games and all the famous faces that are currently visible on our screens, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of olimpiers, which are broadly similar to that of the familiar stars.
Hunter and wolf: the US arc of shooter team member Bredy Ellison, left, has been likened since childhood to Leonardo Di Caprio
Despite Keitas's counterpart in cycling races, many people on the internet have noticed how this bullet is similar to the superstar of Leonardo Di Caprio.
The US men's arc of shooter team member Bredy Ellison has sparked a storm on Twitter when pictures were posted where he resembles a Wall Street wolf.
Fury also noticed the storm on social media and admitted he has been compared to Leonardo Di Caprio ever since.
"I personally don't see a lot of similarities other than the beard," Bredly told the Huffington Post.
"He's a looking guy, so I take it as a compliment."
One of the most popular similarities from the 2012 Olympic Games in London will no doubt become even more popular this year: a staggering resemblance between Britons Gregu Rutherfordu and popular actor Nila Patrick Haris.
The Russian athlete Alaja Mustafina, thanks to their big eyes, has been compared to Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefanu.
And moving to the swimming pools, South African bathers Cameron van der Burgs is being compared to the "likeness" of star Matthew Morisons for a number of years.
With the changes: this user has noticed that NATAN is the film's "inception" of the actor's athletic version.
Another long-serving comparison is between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Harnet, who have similar eyes and lips.
He went on to say that "there is a greater resemblance to the Russian pole."
Scorching women: football star (left) Houpai Solo and Morgan Dexter actress Jeniferai Karpenterei (right) have a similar facial shape and eyes.
Not the only one: this Twitter user was pleasantly surprised to learn that he also agrees with others
Theory: according to this user, there is probably a reason why the two look so similar
Recently, one Twitter user showed real joy that "the rest of the internet had agreed that Houpa Solo and Jennifer Karpentera look practically identical."
The US soccer star and actress Morgan Dexter have a really very similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons relate to Kerry, Jennings and her smile, which is the practicalities identical to the actress Lauras of Linnia smam, as well as gold medal winner Gabijah Dugread, which resembles a bring It On star in Gabriel Unijonai.
CBC's Olympic commentator apologises for his comment, saying the Chinese swimmer had 'ended up like a pig'.
Bairona McDonalda's analysis of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhas finish fourth in the 4x200 m free-style relay for women, triggered a storm of indignation at the CBC spectator.
The Canadian channel CBC is forced to apologise as one of its commentators had said that a 14-year-old Chinese swimmer from the tournament had "left the smell" and "died like a pig."
Commentator Byron McDonalds thought his microphone had been ruled out when a 4x200 m free-style relay for women in the final began to lay out his personal views.
McDonalds, who was included in the CBC commentator team to give the commentary of the animosity, was heard saying: "this tiny four-year-old from China is unable to keep up."
"I came away with the smell and ended up like a pig."
Thank you very much for that.
14-year-old Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhana's swimming time in the second phase was 1: 57.79, it is 1.61 seconds slower than the Canadian Teilore Rucka, allowing Canadians to reach China.
Viewers across Canada immediately responded online because they were shocked to hear such tones and expressions.
Emets Makfarlains tweeted: "or a direct CBC commentator just said a 14-year-old swimmer from China" ended like a pig "????."
Idiots did not realise that they are still live.
Ai Yanha from China's 4x200m free-style tournament for women was named after the "small four-year-old from China that does not carry."
The criticism against Byron McDonaldo quickly took effect as many demanded explanations.
Twitter users could not believe to hear Bairona McDonalda's insensitive comments.
Twiter user Sar Paradi wrote: 'Oho, # ByronMacDonald.
You're a representative of the CBC and Canada and because of you we all sound like racists. # abhorrent.
Soon afterwards, Scott Russell, who led the CBC live broadcast, apologised for McDonalda's comments, saying: "we apologise that the comment on the swimming performance was heard live."
It was an unfortunate choice of words and we are very sorry that this happened.
The CBC apologised to more than 90 people who had responded to Twitter for this comment.
McDonalda colleague Scott Raselam had to apologise for his replacement.
CBC then made an apology to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about McDonald's comment.
The channel also quickly issued an apology and statement.
We very much regret that such comments were made and that they went live.
Yesterday we immediately responded and apologised to all live viewers and followers on social media.
For the sake of clarity, Bairona's comments were made about the performance of the bathers, not addressed to her personally.
But they were, in any case, unprofessional and unsuccessfully selected comments and Byron deeply regrets what happened.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonalds personally apologised live and attempted to explain that he did not mean his comment would be seen as a personal attack.
He told the CBC Olympic Games: "I would like to take the moment and apologise for the comment I made yesterday after the women's free-style tournaments."
I am talking about the performance of the bathers, not about him personally.
Needless to say, I did not expect to show disrespect and I am really sorry that it happened.
Primark buyers shocked a woman in a cheeky pair of underwear in the middle of the store.
Shoppers felt embarrassed when a woman started to dress up in the middle of the shop in the middle of the biks.
Even more aggravating the situation, she boarded them to see if they suits her and then took off, putting a bikont back on the store shelf.
She went on to look for clothing at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkeston and had another four biks.
Primark shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkeston is the site of this woman's underwear and then put it back on the shelf.
At that point, the shop was also the mother of two bergs, Jenny Davis, who tells the unknown woman after the undergarment put on his clothes and left the shop, doing nothing.
She says people were unable to believe their eyes.
In the middle of the store, she took off the rack of the sub-trousers, took off his legingus and shorts and up on the ground they grew up.
She did not even try to find a more discreet place, where they saddles, she just kept them up on the ground.
Everyone looked at how she took off the biks and apparently the woman hated it because she simply put them back on the shelf.
She dipped three more biks until she decided that she did not like any of them and left the shop.
It did not look as if they were worried that someone would watch or think about the man who bought them clothes, which she did.
Ms Davidson (33 years old) tells the story of Kent: "the idea that someone bought clothes that has been bought by a different person and which is then not laundered."
The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "I accept that the store staff after her retirement took out those clothes from the shelves - which is also acceptable."
I can't imagine being able to buy a new underwear and find out that another woman has beaten them and then they weren't laundered.
A spokesman for Primark said Primark is known for the incident, which took place on Tuesday, August 9.
The specific clothes have been taken off the shelves.
How to protect yourself from firearms through crav Mangu
The world is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a bit safer.
To find out how to protect themselves in the near classic of the attackers with a firearm, we talk to a crav Mangas salesman from New York's Ron Mavrki.
Whether or not you've been attacked from the front or behind, this video shows how to protect themselves and gain the upper hand over the harmed.
Mripki points out if the attacker is attacked from behind, then first you have to call out to clearly see the attacker and avoid firing the trajectories.
Then take a gun between his front hand and shoulder and then kick the opponent in the face with his free elcony.
Then comes the kick with the knee in the cirxe and as long as the attacker collapses, the weapon must be removed, the weapon must be thrown in the face with a spbeer and step down, continuing to draw a gun against him.
If the striker is coming from the front, the situation is similar - one must avoid firing the trajectories, take a gun and break it so that the villain can't fire.
At the same time, pressure must be put on the weapon and take a blow to the opponent over the breast and finally take him a gun and step down by continuing to play on him.
Sound complicated?
Look at the video to see exactly how Mavrki is doing it.
But remember, if you're not a crav master in Mangas, then the safer is to give the robber their money.
The Vandren family vandalised Slatasha's social housing and is being put on the street.
The Vandren family has been placed on the street because of damage to the social house of 50,000 pounds and terrorised their neighbors.
Skeldona and her partner Sean Trebilcock are on display from a property in Saltah in Cornwall when a number of complaints were lodged with them.
Once they were shown by the force of the property, the shocked housing association's representatives found that the property had been completely vandalised.
The floors and walls were draconian holes, the rubbish was scattered everywhere and the walls were covered with graffiti.
The family has now been turned away from the property and is likely to live in a private property.
Cornwall Housing keeper Donna Makevoja says there are concerns that housing will not be restored.
She said that the people who lived here have been extremely difficult and his belief that people cannot live in it.
In this case, a number of factors need to be considered, because in the future, this property in Cornwall will not have a good reputation.
This family is famous and their name is famous.
The couple have had three sons who lived in a non-legal possession and police say their terror included violence in the street with baseball sticks, bullying of local residents, drug use, drug use, drug sales and loud bowling and swearing.
The 47-year-old Skeldonei, whose name was property, has been fined in June for anti-social behaviour.
A number of vandalised home rooms have been unearthed by garbage waste.
The house, where earlier drugs could be traded, has also ripped several floor boards.
Neighbours say they regularly wedded in the street and were constantly being called by police.
The Cornwall Housing Service forced them out of the property under duress when they were given 11 weeks to leave the house on a voluntary basis.
The desperate neighbours were very happy about this eviction because their life had been an absolute hell.
One said: "they were not concerned by other residents."
We lived next to them for 20 years, it's always been crazy.
Unbelievable how often we have seen the police here.
We could not sleep this morning.
We woke up because we were so quiet here - we are not used to it!
Now that they finally got away, here's going to be wonderful.
Adams Fitzpatriks, who runs the Cornvalas Housing District's security chief, said the family did not cooperate with local security authorities.
The family has lived here for 20 years and is regularly called police here.
Homes grown up in the garden were found in a variety of old and unusable objects.
He also said: "it is very unfortunate that tenants did not show any responsibility for her behaviour. Her and her family's eviction from the house was the latest activity considered by the Cornwall Housing Service."
This was a very difficult case because their behaviour was extreme and the neighbors were said to have been very hard to look on in their behaviour.
I appreciate the work done by my entire team, Devonas and Cornwall Police and members of the cartoon who were courageous and cooperated with us in providing the necessary information.
I hope that this event will make life easier for neighbours and show that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Mr Fitzpatriks said that all three sons had lived here at different periods of time, but all were now aged about 20.
A filthy mattress left on the floor in one of the rooms after the eviction.
The agency's staff will now have to meet the pile of rubbish left across the house.
In 2014, police raided the house and found more than 70 grams of marijuana, weights, accessories and 1700 pounds in cash.
Skeldone has only been found guilty of possession of Class B drugs with the intention of distributing them.
She insisted that the money was meant to be a monument to her son Lee Seldonam, who died in a crash in 2013.
After their eviction it has become known that at the moment they rented a private property in Plimata.
The walls of many houses were graffiti.
Police said they will continue to work on disadvantaged tenants who break their tenancy agreements in eviction.
Devonas and Cornwall Police spokeswoman Andžela Crowe says this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
She also said that: "this is a warning to those who think they can behave like they want and there will be no consequences."
Criminal and anti-social behavior will never be tolerated by Devonas and Kronwall Police, which will continue to work with our partners to protect the local cartoon.
Readiness to spend can give a boost to the economy.
The Akropolis company, LT, which manages the Akropolis trade and entertainment centres in Vilnius, Klaipel and Schleaps, will be merged with the Akropolis Group business group, inheriting all existing commitments to the Akropolis LT partners and staff.
Akropolis LT and the Akropolis Group are due to be implemented by 1 October this year.
We are launching a new development phase, during which we will implement large-scale projects, so we are trying to simplify the structure of the company - this will allow the Akropolis LT and the Akropolis Group to create a more efficient team of professionals.
At the moment, we are implementing the largest Akropolis development projects within the decade - the multifunctionate building of the Akropole and the multifunctionate development of the site in Vilnius, the former Velga Plant area.
"The structure of the new company will allow a more effective use of the Akropolis LT team's experience and expertise in the successful development of projects and fast-track adoption of the necessary decisions," admits Saulė Zabulionytė, a member of the Akropolis Group board.
The Akropolis Group is a group of companies that manage property development, shopping centres for rental and management companies in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Bulgaria.
A number of furniture manufacturing company Rauko announced the purchase, according to a statement on the website of the Monitoring Office.
The company will buy thousands of euros for the sawing equipment.
It will be supplied by Lintera Riga.
About 33 thousand euros will be purchased by the company from the UAB Infleks.
Rauko also bought a salesman with a shaft.
About 15.6 thousand euros will be delivered to UAB Infleks.
In contrast, 32.6 thousand euros will be paid by the hydraulic hot press supplied by Lintera Riga.
Purchases are implemented through co-financing by the Rural Support Service.
Rauko is established in 2007.
The company has commercialised more than 250 different projects in Latvia, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
The coveted mayor banned swimsuit swimsuits on the beaches.
The coveted mayor of the southern French resort has banned the wearing of this city's swimsuit swimsuit, which almost entirely covers the woman's body and is highly reminiscent of a hydrooutfit, local officials said Thursday.
Cannes Mayor David Linar has signed an injunction that "access to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone who does not have a bathing suit that respects good customs and secularism" as a fundamental principle of the French Republic.
"The beach dress, a grandstand show of religious affiliation at a time when France and the places of worship are the target of terrorist attacks, can lead to the risk of public order disorder (dripping, collision, etc.) that need to be prevented," the order said.
"We are not talking about a religious symbol wearing a ban on the beach, but about grandstanding clothing, which involves the credibility of terrorist movements at loggerheads with us," explained local utility manager Thierry Miguls.
He added that the swimsuit of coveted beaches hasn't been seen since 28 July, when the centre-right Republicans' party member Linar signed the order and it came into force.
In Marseille this week, the city of Marseille cancelled a planned private event for Muslim women who would be donning swimsuit swimsuits as outrage over such a measure was raised by both right-wing and left-wing politicians.
France is banned from wearing face-to-face Muslim women's headgear, but there is no ban on religious symbols or appropriate clothing.
On 14 July, an attack by the Islamic State group in Nice, which was claimed by the Islamic State group, killed 85 people.
On 26 July, two attackers who had sworn trust in the Islamic State were brutally murdered by priests in a church in northwest France.
"Jysk" last year cancerous turnover by 5%
Household goods retailer Jysk Linnen 'n furniture' (" Jysk ") last year canceled a turnover of 5% to 23,66 million, according to Firmas.lv.
The company's 2014 turnover was 22.57 million.
The company also rose slightly in profit - from 781 to 235 in 2014 to 785 896 euros last year.
The management report said last year the company reconstructed the capital, Slokas Street, an existing store and closed stores in the capital, Kurland's prospectus.
And this year, as in other years, the company's main task is to continue to increase both turnover and profits.
In the meantime, the profits made last year suggested the leave would not be distributed.
"Jysk" is an international store network that offers goods for home amenities.
The company "Jysk Linnen 'n furniture" was founded in 2001.
The company has a capital stock of EUR 3 500 264.
The company is owned by Iceland registered company Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC.
Chop down the ordinary - samaltas with white bread.
Eating right after surfers, then they will be the longest.
Fish loins and white bread together bulldozing together.
The Masai adds milk, salt, pepper and once again properly bulldozing or mix.
Then the Masai is added to the butter, held at room temperature, carefully sampled and made up of a medium-sized chop.
The Kotletes are then breaded.
Heat the oil in Panna.
Kotletes leads the panne and waves 10-15 minutes before eating until they are from both sides of a golden brown.
Platter, while still warm, ripping the butter or some kind of sauce.
Lucavsala entered the festival of "Kuban."
On Thursday, August 11, the evening Lucavsala was given the start of one of the last of this summer's festivals - holding up Sunday night to be held in "Kuban."
The first evening lutted such groups as "Enter Shikari" from Britain, which was expected last year, but from the contrived programme vanished, American panki "NOFX," DJ Maxim from the group The Prodigy and others.
Also in the next few days of the festival, the programme has remarkable words: "Guano Apes" and "Garbage," the pankarm legends of "Ramones" with Marky Ramone's "Marky Ramone," "Brutto & Lyapis," "Vopli Vidoplyasova" and a series of other, but full coverage of the event.
This is the second year when the festival "Kubana" takes place in the UK.
Last year it suffered a financial setback and a huge loss, but it did not stop the organisers from repeated attempts - they were added to the name of a group (on Friday night 19: 15 on stage) and won "local colouring" alongside the symbols of its panorable and cats.
Whether these efforts will be justified, it is too early to judge, as the festival only came into play, but as the first evening observed "Delfi fun," at least so far, huge crowds of people have failed and the number of visitors was similar to last year.
Britain's treka cycling team twice corrects the Olympic record and the winning sprinter.
The British treka team on Thursday twice corrected the Olympic record and won the men's sprinta race.
The first Olympic record for Britons corrected the qualification, but in the first round of the race it corrected the young boy.
Sprinta met the British team with New Zealand, and the British young boy took away the Olympic record holder's title, leaving them with silver medals.
Defeating the British team won with a score of 42,440 seconds, with young boys surpassing about 0.102 seconds.
The battle for the bronze of the French team trumped Australia.
It should be added that the record was also corrected in the women's journey qualification - the British team corrected the world record, which is now 4: 13.260.
The president who stayed in the shade: Gustavam Earth - 145.
Friday, August 12, marks 145 years since the birth of the country's second president, Gustavs.
The Latvian state was proclaimed by the Latvian state, but gratuitous has remained widely described as the first in the shadow of the first President of Latvia.
No one else from our statesmen has been so much in favour of democracy and the rule of law as the end of the Earth, "Arnolds Auzins wrote in a book published ten years ago.
In a conversation with the portal, Auzins insists that the Earth is one of the few high-ranking positions in existing politicians who had a sense of humour.
The other stives, always very right.
He taught it not, these days it could be similar to what Raimonds Vejonis is.
"He was the one who is close to the nation," Auzins says.
Modern politicians know bad history, they referred to Carli Ulmani as a good leader, but few know how negants he has been.
In government hearings, the only person to whom he was not egregious has been a general dove.
Even if in pictures he is kind and smile, by nature he was hysterical.
"The Earth with its sense of humour and democracy leaves exactly the opposite impression," Auzins says.
University History and Philosophy Professor Aivars Stranga in the conversation with Delfi agrees with Auzim's assessment of the Earth as a peaceful and weighed statesman.
He also notes that the Earth has broken out with respect for minorities, regularly inviting Jewish representatives to the presidential palace.
"At the time, it was not a normal course of action, after Albert Kviesis took over this tradition," the historian told us.
He was a quiet and measured man who had long been persuaded to become president.
He looked for himself after it, simply nealka glory.
He was also quite critical of himself because he did not know the French, but believed that the President would certainly be able to do so.
"The foundations of the French Presidency both learned," Stranga explains.
The Earth was not allowed to be repeated in the stand, he really did not like it at all.
For all intents and purposes, he's a very respectable figure in history, even before being dragged into the presidential palace was a serious appointment - he was a very demanding notary.
At the same time, the Earth was led by the famous Suvorova Street in Suvorova Street, where there was a savings artisan and a publisher association, it was practically the government's negotiating team.
He was always progressive.
He was not a great lover, but did not oppose him publicly.
"In private conversations, though, it has sometimes been said that the actions of Ulte really do not sympathise with him," according to Stranga.
Having lived a peaceful life, there is no suspicion of irregularities or corruption.
How does the Earth remember these days?
Sorry, but much of he smack alone with a street in Vancouver.
He was an absolute democrat, the views were centre-right.
"During his time there was no major turmoil, meaning he could be associated with such a really stable presidency," Stranga summed it up.
During the presidency of Gustav, from 1927 to 1930, Latvia's visit to Sweden, which, at the time, indirectly meant full recognition of the neighbouring country and the integration of the democratic nations of northern Europe.
On 28 May 1929, the Earth arrived on a state visit to Stockholm.
Sweden's King Gustav V's visit to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929.
The country's second president was born in 1871, while Stacey retired in January 1939.
Simple ways to help a child cope with temper seizure.
I often face the fact that a child's temper, the appearance of the rage of parents deemed something wrong and abnormal.
When a child openly shows their anger - we don't know how to respond, "Econet says in a psychological note to Jekaterina Kesa.
The expert is encouraging a small negotiation on these such natural and human feelings - anger and rage, which are intermittently going through each.
Aggression: it is already a physical activity addressed to other people, and it usually shows up when you feel angry.
When we, adults, are angry, upset - usually know what's going on with us and how to deal with it.
We can rage our anger and rage: to express, suppress, hide, keep on your own, tell your friends or other loved ones, we can rage a cigarette on the table and do other things that are usually not done.
We neglect our aggression against others because we know various other ways to deal with these emotions.
Children, when they seek anger, do not understand what is going on with them, how to name them and how to live with them.
They can say "go away!," "You're a fool," "bad mamma," "I don't see you," "I'll be angry with you" - and very rarely when able to say "I'm angry at you."
Children live in a literal sense, they are fully located right here, at this point in time, they are spontaneous and genuinely showing their feelings, and often also find themselves in a variety of emotions in captivity.
It is very important for parents not to ban the child to show feelings, including anger, cheeky about it and the nerve, but on the contrary, help the child.
Does the relationship need a pause?
A long working day, in which things have not quite happened in the way you would like, or just a bad mood - there are so many reasons why I would like to have a moment, a day or even longer "cut off" from all over the world.
Is it possible to have a relationship and a little breathing for a moment?
Or, however, does it show that each of the partners has its way to go?
Their views are divided by gentlemen at different ages.
John (23) is short and succinct: "in my eyes, if the relationship needs pause, then don't be with the right people."
Meanwhile, Eduards (30) has discovered a scheme which perhaps someone can help.
If you feel that a partner starts to fall on the nerves for every smaller detail, then definitely - it's the right moment when you should look at other hunting fields to see if she'll miss them, or even don't want him ever to see him or even see him any more.
So the answer is yes, a pause in withholding can help save time and understand how important you are in the second half.
Kaspars (29) reveals his theory.
In my opinion, there is a pause in the relationship with one another on a daily basis, because if you spend time with people around the clock, seven days a week, then the disputes are inevitable.
They are caused by the fact that I take every detail of what the other is doing, and it starts to fall on the nerves.
People are starting to tire of each other, especially if they don't even talk about something, just about what they've done through the day.
My personal experience leads it to think, so I have not passed the relationship for more than a few months.
If you think for a moment that the rest or the other is better - so why does this woman, with whom you are together, deserve someone who can think that this is not good enough and there are havens around the corner?
Thinking alone is already a small betrayal.
If not, there isn't.
"I have, so slightly condemn those who do not." Say Edmunds (46).
Carlim (33) has almost the opposite view.
I feel that everyone needs a moment for breath.
You can't take every moment, all the time, morning to night to watch each other in the eye and rejoice at the enduring love.
Attopies!
There are so many things - folks, work, white.
Everything has its own time.
Of course, a friend or widow, however, if the two know how to keep their co-weights between family life and the rest of the world, then it can live up to the grave.
It and only it.
Mark (27) says it: "hard to say - need or don't, may or may not take a pause, but one thing is clear: its initiator has something in the relationship to the end, something lacking."
If the issue rings, we reckon that there will be any change in the short term - for the good or the worse, it depends on ourselves.
I mean, while we're still young and crazy, Anderson breaks the need - albeit all the time, but when everything remains serious and relationships enter a completely different phase, then the rest can be no question.
You decide to spend your whole life together!
"If you can't withstand each other's society now and occasionally need some breathing space, then that will be when you will be retired, who are commenting, like a gardening cat or arguing about which day the garden is better to rave," the league explains (19).
All words have been changed.
With its enthusiastic and enthusiastic personality, Rozender first awakened the latch jewelry interest to the expatriate martial arts.
"In this sense he was the first love of the folk who, as such, will remain an unforgettable eternal," it said of the painting of the grandmaster Jani Rozenfar at the time, wrote Romans Suta.
Also in 2016, the year of the opening of the grandmaster's extensive retrospective exhibition at the National Museum of National Art's main building, it is clear - Rozental is the English art's first love.
The exhibition was opened on 12 August but has been available to visitors from 13 August and will be available until 30 October.
The National Museum of National Art, with a wide-ranging retrospection in the newly opened Grand exhibition hall, pays tribute to Jani Rozenfar (1866-1916), whose one-tenth birthday on the international stage is part of UNESCO's celebrated day in the calendar.
The retrospective exhibition, which covers more than 150 work, is one of the central events of the annual programme of the Jaber Rosenal.
The selection of artworks is largely built from the National Museum of National Art, which convincingly represents the main stages of the creative activity and genres, stylistic variability and technique diversity.
In addition to the use of exhibits from the Akseli Gallena-Callelas Museum, the Museum of the Music Museum, the Museum of Tukuma and several private collections in Latvia and Finland.
The tone of the century enlivened the presence of photos, the exhibition's mobile app reveals a standalone piece of artwork with photographs taken by the painter's creative needs timed himself with their cameras.
On the other hand, Finland-Latvia's "Rozenne-seura" association, named after the Latvian National Art Museum, at the same time offers a small information travelling exhibition "With a glance in Finland, with the heart of the UK" first stop.
A similar exposure to content in English, Finnish and Swedish languages in the autumn will open the "Virka" gallery in Helsinki.
Mets Leblanks is looking forward to the return of the show "TopGear."
Met Leblanks, head of TopGear television broadcasts, said he was looking forward to returning to the car show in the second season, but said he was unaware of the future ahead of him.
Nothing officially happens yet.
"If there will be, the BBC will announce it," Leblanks told television critics.
Doubts about "Gasis in the floor" were raised in July when Leblanka's successor Chris Evans announced it would leave the broadcast.
After retiring, Evans admitted that Leblanks and "Gasis in the floor" are "as created by each other."
The star of "Friends of Friends" (" Friends of Friends ") describes the star as "a real and good man," thereby harassing the rumours that the two friendship crew have gone mad.
When Leblankm asked what he liked most about the show, he replied that travelling to other countries such as South Africa, Morocco and Ireland.
According to the BBC, the show's new 24th season so far has no plans to replace the co-star.
Kalhe: Meldonia could be removed this year from the list of banned athletes.
It is expected that the drug produced by Mildronate in Latvia is expected to be ruled out this year by athletes banned from the list of banned substances on Friday morning in the LNT programme, said the director of the Institute of Organic synthesis, academic Ivars Kalhe.
He was told to travel to Canada in September to discuss the issue of meldony with representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
The scientist said he hoped Mildronate from the "black list" will be removed this year.
After the collision, two cyclists were taken to hospital.
Skeleton, Swiss Street, ran into two cyclists, making multiple injuries, according to state police.
The incident involved men born in 1987 and 1990, both of whom were taken to a medical institute.
A cyclist was also hit in the fall.
Born in 1989, a man was killed in 1905 Street, and transferred to medical care.
While in the parish county, the Naudla Region, born in 1989, tried to avoid a motorcycle dog that had run out on the road, and flipped.
He's also in hospital.
Last day, the UK recorded 71 road accidents involving 16 people.
In some places it will be cooler and cooler.
Also on Friday, some parts of the UK are expected to have temporary rain and will become another cooler degree, according to the Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
There may be a ducing of thunder.
The forecast for rain is mostly expected in Kurzeme and North Vidland.
The maximum temperature will be as low as + 16, + 19 degrees.
In the day it will take no precipitation and the sun is mostly shining.
However, the air will not be warmer than + 18 degrees.
The US models of business behind-the-scenes in his interpretation obtained the perversi of the sophisticated photo glanci and horror movies.
In essence, a very provocative, sophisticated and trite of vulgarity work, in which it is difficult to draw the dividing lines between the European art house movies and the area of the Hollywood genrical product.
The film, in Vigo's main role, highlights the question of whether parents' conceptually chosen life models (ecological, vegetarian, alternative ism and alienation from the glupidity and values of consumerism) bring a blessing or destructive to their children.
The father of six children is an idealist after his wife's death being confronted with questions about the accuracy of choices and real values.
A moving, life-wise film, by author Mets Ross this year, won the coveted festival award for Best Director.
Of course, the sharks are doing this as being attacked by the Ultimore girls: it was a swimmer, in this case, a brave surfist, which is played by Bleika Laivia.
The work claimed from her profound heroism.
This solonumuru of survival can be compared to James Franco's exemplary demonstration in the film 127 hours and the Ryan Reynolds game in the film buried alive.
It may also be the fault of the sculptor Mila Kunisa, whose transformation from the pin-mum to a creative environmentalist and almost genimental value, seems to be the only fantasy fantasy created by Hollywood screenwriters.
ISIS captured 2,000 civilians in Syria.
The Islamic State terrorist group, fleeing from Manbij, Syria's Aleppo province, destroyed some 2,000 civilian populations used as human shields, the US-backed Kurdish and Arab alliance and observers said on Friday.
"We are not perched to them because they were fleeing on the pitch, picked up with the civilians," said Kurdu Menbij, a spokesman for the military council.
After two months of fighting, the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (QSD), which is a US-backed Kurdish-Arab alliance in northern Syria, said on Friday that Menbij is exempt from the jihadists.
The Islamic State was captured in 2014.
QSD has been ejected last week by the majority of Islamic State militants from Manbij, but some held back and showed fierce resistance.
However, on Friday they left the city in the AFC to carry the captives.
Islamists are heading to the Jungle, which is on the Turkish border.
The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) reported that ISIS hijacked about 2,000 people.
SOHR reported that Islamists hijacked the city's residents' cars, forced people to climb into them, and then took them to the pitch.
Islamic State fighters have also previously carried out mass kidnappings.
In January, Islamists, captured in the territory of Deir province in eastern Syria, kidnapped more than 400 civilians, including women and children.
Islamists later estimated 270 of the captives were released.
How many Islamic State militants fled from Manbij, is unknown.
A spokesman for the Kurdish Manbij Military Council reported that the QSD managed to rescue 2,500 people held hostage by Islamists in Menbiich.
Information collected by SOHR shows that at least 437 civilian populations, including 105 children, have been killed in the battle for Menbians.
Killed 299 QSD fighters and 1019 jihadists.
Koelegova refuses to stand as head of the Revenue Service.
The head of the National Environment Service, Inga Kokegova, has decided to withdraw his candidacy as Director General of the State Revenue Service, LETA was informed by the Finance Ministry.
It points out that the discussion of her nominations has resulted in controversy among the ruling coalition parties.
The real causes of the discussions seem to relate to the visible, but more frequent, interests of the politicians and have nothing to do with the assessment of my professional abilities.
"This is not acceptable to me."
If her candidacy were approved by the government, it was clear that this would not be a convincing vote and would not allow it to fully work and realise the necessary changes to the Revenue Service, with all the government's support.
Without it, a full job would not be possible, concludes Kokeselva.
"I have repeatedly stressed publicly that I do not want to be politically dependent, but at the moment the whole process of my candidacy is overly politicised," the official explains.
"Thank you for the confidence and support I have shown, it is an experience that I appreciate as a CBA," the Reizniece-Ozoo wrote in a submission.
The union said in a statement on Wednesday that it had revealed "significant inconsistencies" between the candidate's explanations and the information available on public registers in relation to the company's dividend payouts, as the publicly available Pallogist members' cups of decisions require profits not to be distributed.
The head of the Revenue Service is currently carrying out the duties of Deputy Director-General Richard Pelbuilding.
Cleveland police are involved in two small unsupervised leave for saving children, according to the National Police of the Latgales Regional Authority.
A message on an unsupervised stretcher with infants received on Friday around 7 p.m.
They were in Cleveland at the former store building.
The two small girls immediately surrendered to medical hands for help.
Up the wheel was also left with a bag of documents and a mobile phone.
In less than half an hour, officers found out the whereabouts of the child's parents and went there.
Arriving at the woman's civilian home, officers found out that the woman was sleeping because of a strong drink.
After initial information earlier in the evening, the 41-year-old woman was hammered in front of a friend where she used alcohol.
Already going home after a joint run-up, a woman in unexplained circumstances decided to leave children at the store.
The incident was immediately informed by the police, who will also decide on the fate of the children.
The freeport has introduced all of the VK's recommendations for the Krievu Islands project.
The Open Port Authority has put in place all of the five National Audit Office (VK) recommendations regarding the development of the project Infrastructure in the island of Krievu for the transfer of port activities from the implementation of the city centre, the portal was informed by the company.
Approval of the project is scheduled for the immediate meeting of the board.
In order for the recommendations to be implemented in accordance with the Audit Office, when drawing up the documentation necessary for the implementation of the recommendations, it was also guided by the conclusions of the international auditor Deloitte's administrative and operational audit and its recommendations for improving the management of the project at a later stage of the project.
Information on the implementation of the recommendations has also been sent today to the Audit Office.
We are very responsible for the implementation of the project and the funding provider - the European Commission (EC).
I would like to stress that all the works planned as part of the project have been fully completed within the prescribed time limits and on a planned scale.
"In order to prove to all those involved in the project, including the EC, the VK and also the stividers, that the main objective of the free port is to successfully implement the project, we have fully implemented all the recommendations of the VK on project management and monitoring issues," according to Krievu Islands project manager Sanita Kaire.
The long-term operational plan for monitoring and monitoring the objectives of the project was accompanied by the most important planned actions of the parties involved and the necessary deadlines, the definition of meetings and regular reporting, and the timing of the planned construction process, as well as the definition of key border points.
The agreed action plan to achieve the project by 31 December 2018, in line with the recommendations of the Audit Office, shall be accompanied by enforcement monitoring actions, thereby reinforcing the control of the activities of other parties involved in the implementation of the project.
For the development of project management and the reduction of potential risks, a new project management plan has been developed, defining the project management areas and setting out the documents developed to provide a control and monitoring mechanism for each of them.
Project capacity building has been developed in a project management structure that reflects the planned structure of the project management team, the qualifications and functions of staff.
In order to improve the network's communication with the parties involved in the project, a multi-stakeholder communication plan has been developed which, in addition to the parties to the project action plan, defines the successful completion of the project to the stakeholders, the principles of the exchange of information, ways and periodicity.
On the other hand, in order to improve the control of the use of financial resources, further justification should be given to the need for the conclusion of a service contract or the start of procurement, and the rule of law.
As part of the project, the island of Krievu has built global standards for proper port infrastructure - four new deep-sea piers, rail links and engineering communications.
The structures co-financed by the Cohesion Fund have been completed and put into service at the end of last year, with a budget of €10.6 million.
The threat led to increased security at airports in Slovakia.
After receiving non-specific threats, Slovakia on Friday stepped up security measures at several airports, the Interior Ministry said.
"Given the threat, we have tightened security measures at international airports in Bratislava, Poprada and Košice," a Slovak Interior Ministry spokesman told AFP on Friday.
"The National Security and Analysis Centre is currently analysing the information we have received," he added.
The Slovak capital will hold an informal EU summit on 16 September, with the participation of all the countries of the bloc, with the exception of Britain.
The meeting will discuss the consequences of Britain's Brexit referendum and discussed the future of the EU without Britain.
Slovakia holds the EU Presidency by January.
German researchers are discussing the number of "victims of the Berlin Wall."
According to a new study, the death toll at the communist yoke of the former East German border could be much higher than previously thought, but doubts about the true number of victims have still not been dispelled.
According to the data released on Wednesday by the Berlin Wall Museum in Checkpoint Charlie, between 1945 and 1989 at the border with the western allied areas and the subsequent killing by the Communist authorities of 1841 people who tried to get out of their controlled territory.
The museum has been studying border-related deaths for years and flashes the number of victims.
A further 11 deaths are added to the list this year, including a six-year-old boy who drowned in an attempt to get to West Germany through the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary.
Among the new victims of the Berlin Wall are Soviet commanders.
"The scale of the damage caused by the double communist and socialist evil has not yet been fully documented," admits the museum's director, Alexander Hildebrante.
"Our task is to ensure that the graves of those who died in an attempt to escape from a communist-controlled country are maintained and not lost," Hildebrantes said in a statement.
But other researchers have already questioned the new figures.
"The figure in 1841 is unconvincing," Süddeutsche Zeitung said in an interview with the Berlin Free University of East German history expert Johens Schuma.
He, along with other researchers at the Berlin Free University, is currently reviewing possible suspicious deaths at the border, and so far they have managed to approve only 260 cases.
Previously, researchers estimated that only 138 people were murdered by the Berlin Wall Communists.
In view of the people who have died trying to escape through the Baltic Sea or to reach the West through the territory of neighbouring countries, the number of victims could reach around a thousand.
But it's still significantly less than 1841.
One of the reasons for the difference in the number of victims could be different methodologies.
The Checkpoint Charlie Museum also lists all cases of suicide in East German border guards, regardless of whether they were directly related to their service.
The museum also lists deaths that do not involve direct violence.
"If Seniori aged 70 to 80 years after the break with border controls died from a heart attack," it must be the consequences of this' murderous border ', according to Hildebrante.
However, it is convinced that a distinction needs to be made between the old people, who may have died as a result of the treatment they experienced, and those whose death was caused by a long waiting time on the bus at the border.
Regardless of its record, the records of the victims are not easy, as the Communist East German authorities did not accumulate such statistics, and the researchers must take documents in various scattered archives, according to the report.
However, the group has recently come up with new documents and could therefore make an estimate of the number of new victims in the near future.
LPF president Pone has gone to Rio with coaching accreditation; the same is surprising.
In recent days, the notoriety of the Latvian Swim Federation (LPF) president Kaspars Pone has arrived at the Rio Olympics with a coaching accreditation, yet feels surprised by it.
On Wednesday, widespread buzz emerged after Olympic swimmer Ribakovas coach Germana Jakubovska, who revealed at the last minute to Rio de Janeiro, decided to go to Pone while the manager should stay at home.
The original list of drivers had been approved by swimmer Alaona Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins, trainer Jakubovskis and Dave Collins, as well as Federation President Pone.
The Latvian swimming federation went on five players, and even before the departure of Aldons, Vrubelevskis claimed that Germans was going to be and he is being sought for tickets.
"However, apparently for objective reasons he did not," said Mr Pone, expressing the view that it did not affect Ribakov's result.
At the federation's request, the Uvja midfielder took her help.
Pone, who is himself a member of the Lok Executive Committee, sharply criticized the operation of Lok, laying the blame on the Olympic sport for breaking the organisation.
In my eyes, Lok Priebus is unethical to approve five individuals and do not carry any of them.
"I don't know exactly why the swimming federation ran out of space," Pone said in a statement that the community did not assess the federation and their president's work, reminding the federation that presidents are not getting wages.
Pone also criticized Mr Jakubovski's own flip side that before the London Olympics, when Ribakova was not confirmed among the members, he filed a complaint with the International Water Sports Federation (fina) and called on Latvia not to send any athlete.
Pone both couldn't tell us why he was at the Olympics with a coaching accreditation, which was likely to be owed to Jakubovsky.
"I was announced as the president of the federation (" team leader "), but for unknown reasons I got coaching accreditation and now won't get inside."
The situation changed every day, the number of available accreditation changed.
Until the last minute, I think Germans will be because of other information I did not have.
According to information obtained by the agency, a couple of days before the Ribakovas launch she had a conversation head-on with Poni and after its swimmer had been in tears in the eye, though the LPF president himself said it had been an everyday conversation with a desire to mood athletes before starting.
Pone recalled that LPF has overseen five sports that are in the Olympic program, with four of them undergoing training for children in the UK too.
The president of the federation said that in Latvia it is also very important for the issues of drowning and also for the programmes he has spoken to, in Rio de Janeiro for almost two weeks.
He praised the work of the federation and said that in 2018 the UK could go to the World Cup stage.
The location of Rio de Janeiro is not my leave, I worked here, spending my time and trying to push through the four-year program.
There will be 600,000 salmon pups.
As part of the programme for the recovery of fish resources during this week in Daugavia, there is the release of salmon and pups, and this year it is expected to allow more than 600,000 juvenile salmon and butterflies, which are produced by the scientific institute Bior Tomes and Doles nurseries.
LETA was informed by LETA that the release of the fish will continue for the next few months, with a total of 6 300 000 species of juvenile fish and larvae being permitted each year.
In the spring of 2016 and the beginning of the summer, it will be left out and the larvae of the larvae will be released in June - scorn, in July - one-summer salmon, in August and September - zandarti and Vimbas.
Latvenergo's production director Maris Kunickis said that caring for the environment is one of the cornerstones of the group's sustainable development.
"For the conservation and propagating activities of fishery resources, each activity focuses on environmentally friendly actions in close cooperation with the Bior Scientific Institutes, through both the cultivation and release of juvenile fish in the Daugava basin and through other activities."
This year, more than 600,000 two-year-old salmon and pups will be allowed into the estuary this year.
For the second year, young fish are earmarked before they are released, by cutting the fat.
Today, there are 25,000 salmon pups with an average weight of 31.3 grams.
Each year, the composition and numerical strength of the species in Daugava and its basin bodies is carried out in water bodies.
The propagation of fish resources in Daugava and its basin bodies, in accordance with regulations, shall be carried out by the Bior, on the basis of the economic activity of the Latvenergo, and by providing a conclusion on what compensation measures should be taken to ensure the diversity of fish resources.
The National Environmental Service, on the basis of that expertise, shall decide on the extent and nature of the compensation.
The annual amount of compensation in the programme for the recovery of fish resources is EUR 1 035 000.
In the spring of 2016, Latvenergo, in partnership with the association "We fish," deploys a fifth year of 400 artificial fish spawning nests at Kaibalas and Ikstiles.
Cooperation with associations promoting the natural spawning of fish is played in addition to the support initiative under the fish resource recovery programme.
The deployment of artificial spawning nest reservoirs is an important measure that promotes the protection and reproduction of fish resources in Daugava.
The "Sansussee concert hall" is a rural backyard, a forest, a circus.
Guli is eating in a tent as a restaurant, walking in kegs and screaming into the cameras, enjoying the quiet nature of peace - such a combination offered by the second-tier music festival in Sansussee, which is the third summer calling for the Aknaughes.
The festival runs Susa - no longer a non-existent village - in a former pagastal courtyard, adjacent to the woods and circuses.
In three days - between 12 and 14 August - the five sights can combine the carefree nature of music and the sophisticated enjoyment of music.
Here the music faces theatre and contemporary circus, performances and installations.
Opera and academic music, especially in its newer forms, find new listeners in a free and open environment without a concert hall.
The distance from here to Riga is about 150 km, but to smile on my face and ease up just a couple of minutes.
"Please do not seek a programme because we have deliberately chosen not to publish it in advance, so that people do not go to one particular measure or artist, because the real taste of Sansussee can only be picked up, spending it all three days," calls the festival's instigator and owner, operbariton Armands Silver.
Festival score veram Friday at 5 p.m., and the first concert is at 7 p.m.
Of course, there will be software on the ground with all the information.
For those who have to choose one day, recommend Saturday, because it is the most saturated - from 9 a.m. to the next dawn.
"Artists' names are available on the website www.sansusi.lv," says Armands Silver.
The magnificent artist is, for example, a violor, Eva Bindere, chelliste Christine Blaumane, opera Inga Kalna, Guntis Kuzma, trompetist John Quadra and actress Anci Strazdu set up a contemporary circus show confines on the artist's internal fight.
Special festivals are also new works.
The children are "bribe," according to Mr Kafka, who said the fate of Ms Kafka's motives were composted by Oelesja KOZLOVSKIS and Jeckabs, with musicians and actors taking part in an entomologue (insect researcher) Ugis Piterane.
Oscar Herlins wrote the first string quartet, while Anna Kirse - Wood opera, performance, whose main heroes Andra Kalnozola and Andra Neiburg will have trees in three small pudures of three hectares.
Singing Laimas Ledynia, Dinar Rudanes and Zigmar's penniless voices, they will end up in Romantic relations, quite as the Enlightenment Age Swedish Natural Scientist Study Wood wedding (1729).
The Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro today launch one of the delegation's biggest hopes in the semi-final in the semi-final of Laura Ishamiece-Admidim.
Ishamiece-Admidim was at 15.35 GMT to launch the race in the 100-metre barjersey, but is expected to race to high jump.
By contrast, as early as Saturday night, the bullets were starting to push through until 4.05 p.m. - a sprint.
The Seven race will be closed on Saturday when a televised, slicing and 800 metre race.
Before the Olympics, Ishamiece-Admidim, who won the bronze World Championships last year, was cited as the Olympic medal of the pretendente.
As recently as May, there was a new national record (6622 points) and finished second in the prestigious seven-game race in the Austrian city of Gecisa.
Ishamiece-Admidim also attended the 2012 London Olympics, with a repeat of his record in ninth place.
In the last year and a half, the semi-final of the country modified the record four times.
MEPs will also vote on a resolution on this topic.
This will be his first Olympic career.
As reported, on Thursday the weight of up to 100 kilos has been lost in his first fight to fame in Jevgeny Borodavko.
He lost to Japanese Hagu Rjunoski, who the pair won bronze.
In 2000, Vsevolods Zozonium brought Latvia to the Olympic bronze award, but in the next four Olympics the judist's seven fights together made just one victory in what London did directly to Borodavko.
Dainis Upeler will start at 4.30pm on Saturday, but the selection will end on Saturday.
Upelter was awarded the Olympic Games only on the day the Latvian delegation was officially announced, but he later told LETA that he had been quite confident of driving since April.
The sportsman arrived at the venue as one of the first UK athletes in an effort to make the most of training opportunities in race events in the shooting.
At 19.05 GMT, three trips will be carried out by 17-year-old Ketija Birzule, a 17-year-old Ketija Birzule, who is competing in the breeze of the RS: x class.
After three days or nine trips, Birzule wins between 26 athletes at the moment.
By contrast, Saturday will be the decisive final for medals.
Today, there will also be a comeback in the academic feat, where Ireland's representative, Sanitai Pushpurei, should participate.
Wednesday's race was cancelled due to adverse weather conditions.
Pušpure will compete in the C / D semi-finals of the semi-finals, fighting for 13 yards.
At the top of Tuesday's run, she finished in fourth place, from a third position, which would allow the fight to continue on the medal, behind a meagre 0.65 seconds.
Pushpure finished fourth in London four years ago when it also represented Ireland.
Today, the Olympic Games will be divided into 24 medal kits - the arc of shooting, athletics, trek cycling, fencing, fencing, ski jumping, sparring, academic rowing, shooting, swimming, rugby and weights.
The raid says if Clinton is elected president, she will appoint Garlandu for a Supreme Court judge.
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid is confident that if she becomes president, she will nominate Meriku Garlandu for the Supreme Court's top judge.
Senate Republicans have blockaded Garlanda's approval since March, when President Obama nominated him.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement that the next president will choose who will replace current Supreme Court Judge Anthony Skaliu.
During his conference Thursday, the raid said it was confident Clinton will choose Garlandu.
A spokeswoman for the raid later said that he personally had not spoken about the subject with Clinton and he has only speculated.
He praised Garlandu and said that the Clinton team would not "rock the boat" with another choice.
Garlands is the chief judge of the U.S. District Court of Columbia.
The raid said that the Republicans who blocked the nomination of Garlanda are "fates" and are acting in the best interests of Donald Trump.
He also said that Trump was not suitable for the president's work.
Treats announce a nude calendar for women and men.
The magazine treats will work with photographer David Belmayor to set up the 2017 calendar in the style of Pirreli in the late 1970s.
In its 2017 DU muses calendar they plan to involve the new generation of supermodels instead of naked celebrities.
Earlier this year the magazine's treats president Steve Schavs announced that his erotic art magazine differs from the old-fashioned Playboy because "Playboy is a men's magazine."
This magazine is for women.
It looks like he thinks the calendar too.
In a press release on the calendar, Savs says: "we need to go back to an enduring and classic depiction of the naked picture, where a woman's body is not confusing, but inspires both women and men."
Women will want to participate in this project because it is an excellent piece of art.
Models can send their photos electronically or in personal box sessions in Los Angeles and New York.
Rembaté buyer, testing a motorbike, goes down.
On August 10 at 10 yards from a house in Rembates Region, a stolen motorcycle called Yamaha YZ250, who has not been registered, informs the state police.
The owner of the motorcycle with the help of the advert had wanted to sell it.
At the time, the prospective buyer arrived on the motorcycle as if to try and gone.
The National Police Region's Ogres police station is asking staff to refer to anyone who, in connection with the criminal offence, may provide any information useful to the investigation.
Please call: 65002403 (working time) or 65002400 (wreckage).
The anonymity of information providers is guaranteed.
Greenland shark is the longest-serving vertebrate animal - video review
Scientists say Greenland's sharks are the longest biographies of all vertebrates on our planet.
Shark researcher Julius Nile tells us that the long-lived record belongs to a female, which could be 272 to 512 years old and five metres long.
A French court rejects a request to demolish shops in the Jungle refugee camp.
A French court rejected the Calais authorities' request to demolish dozens of self-established shops and restaurants in the Jungle refugee camp, where several thousand refugees live.
At a court hearing in Calais this week, authorities said the country would demolish 72 self-established shops, where inside the camp people traded different goods, from cigarettes and energy drinks, offering hairdresser services, tea for 50 cents (40p) and simple meals for some of the euro's self-established restaurants.
The Calais Prefeta Office said these self-established plants should be demolished as they make up the black economy and do not pay taxes, as well as causing fire and sanitary risks.
Representatives of the humanitarian group told the court that these small businesses are essential because the food provided by governments and aid groups does not guarantee the needs of the camp, where the number of residents continues to rise.
They also noted that self-established shops and restaurants often offer free shelter and food to those most in need.
The Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people who set up 72 self-established shops, but it understood the concerns of the Calais Prefeta.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that food, coffee and restaurants play a bigger role than simply providing food to people who live in "extremely humble conditions."
He said the site is a peaceful meeting room for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places exposed to the risk of demolition is the camp's Café "Jungle Book Kids," which provided more than 200 free meals a day in English and French language classes and providing advice on asylum issues for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition for the protection of children's cafes.
In a letter to the Guardian, the letter states that winding up the cafe "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are only 8 years old."
On Friday, two charities called "Helping refugees" and "L'Auberge des Migrants" were eating out that the number of people in the Jungle camp has risen to 9,000 people, the highest rate since the rapid influx of migrants in the summer.
Britain produced a silver rugby-7 series battle when Fiji's national unit artfully wins gold.
The British squad's impressive performance during the rugby-7 series ended on Thursday when the thrilling final of the "Deodoro" stadium in Rio Fiji was overwhelmingly crushed by the results of 43: 7.
Fiji showed salesman in the management of the ball, playing the ball with a foot, supporting plays and brutal power plays, pairing gold - the first Olympic medal in its history.
The defeat brought a respectable consolation prize - a silver medal that was Britain's third medal that day; the British team boasts its success in the first Olympic Rugby-7 tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The hard battle of the match, in which the Boks team were defeated by 7: 5 in the first half of the day, eventually rebounded for Britain in the final.
But in any case, the Fiji team is now in its best form to win the 15-year-old man's team.
Although unlikely, however, some consolation for Britain could be the fact that at least one Briton won a gold medal; it is Fiji coach Ben Ryan - a former England coach from Wimbledon.
For Britain it was an exciting adventure.
Eight years ago, under Ryan's leadership, they lost all games during the rugby-7 series in Adelaide.
This time they lost only one game.
This defeat is painful, but progress is striking.
Fiji launched an awesome match to reproduce Britain's power techniques for fun.
Captain Tom Michelam and members of it were in the form of a run-off with several face-moving buses and the World Series champions came forward with a 5-0 lead when Osea Colinisau scored the first landing.
In the last four minutes, Gerry Tuwai also increased the margin further, realising the landing on the right wing.
The result 12-0 and the British team didn't even really touched the ball.
Mičela's excellent method of force did not allow Leoni Nakaravam to score three points, but it only slightly affected Fiji's result.
In the seventh minute Jasa Veremalua scored a landing in the right corner, cementing the edge over Britain to 17-0.
The Nakarava game further increased the margin and until the end was left for more than a minute... Arsenal.
Vatemo Ravouvou avoided some awkward British power techniques and crossed the line by making points.
The result was 29: 0.
Fiji seemed to have been born to play rugby-7 matches, while the British are still learning.
In fact, it is also true.
The British team made a profound change at half-time, breaking the Fijian player line... full four minutes after the first half standards were good, until Joshua Tuisova, after dazzled in the team's games, scored a few more points for Fiji's team.
Denam Nortonam was able to score points for the British team, performing a landing in the left corner and striking the score at 36-7, but the game had already been lost, while South Sea fans sang, brandishing flags and danced in the stands.
It is impossible to admire Fiji's buoyant approach.
Mata Viliame made Fiji's victory even sweeter with another landing at the end of the game.
At the end of the game at the end of the game, Fiji was able to start celebrating, but the British people were able to sit down after the defeat.
In the first half of the day, the semi-finals of Fiji beat Japan with a 20: 5 lead, and the British were superior to South Africa, where in a very fierce battle both teams scored down the landing and the south-east lost just a few points.
In the first half Kyle Brown put the Boks in the lead in the second half but Dens Nortons with a shining feat crossed the line and took the ball between the columns, securing the Brits victory.
Markusa Watson, who is England's rugby-15 player in Anthony's brother, said the excellent method of power at the end of the game gave the team a win and another silver medal.
The coaching battle with cancer is inspired by Helen Gloveri and Heteri Staningu to win the rowing race.
It will be the most emotional gold medal in these races and it's already saying a lot.
From the first to the last cool, Helen Gloveres and Heteres Staningas's golden moments played a special role in the Estacio da Lagoa races.
While rowing only her two, the boat had three votes, one of which was an echo of Robin Williams, who went on to inspire her up to the second Olympic gold medal for the feat of women who was the first such success in British sports history.
They completely dominated and after all the experience, their 39 races became an unrivalled, unprecedented victory.
These two great female athletes with swan elegance planing along the surface of the water do not fully reflect this triumph.
Behind every winning gold medal is a whole team that works hard to keep athletes constantly improving their performance and the biggest contribution their performance gave to the midfielder, who even 30 months ago did not know or will experience this day because he was found to have cancer.
According to him, it disappeared as quickly as it appeared.
I had bladder cancer, which is one that can be operated and it also happened.
If it shouldn't, it would spread throughout the body.
And the situation would become very bad.
It just changes your vision.
Williams revealed the cancer in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that William was able to start the recovery procedure at the start of the 2014 playoffs and reduce the duration of the break to a minimum, if you like.
I needed an income, so I had to recover quickly.
It was an incentive to recover.
I was in hospital and at a time when it takes a few steps it would have been a lot, I made 6, 10 and even 15 metres long distance.
It all started.
Rowing itself is a challenge, but this time it was even bigger.
After the win, the first thought was immediately for Williams, whose morning was fraught with excitement and who was worried more than usual.
Stanning, who has served in the Royal artillery unit in Afghanistan, said: "this was an emotionally tough week, but it means a lot to me."
It just confirms how much it means to us and how much I, Helen and Robin have been working on.
With Helen and Robin, 3 years have been excellent.
Without Robin we wouldn't have achieved anything, so a huge thank you to him, he's the best coach in the world.
I can't think of a better person with whom to train together or a better trainer.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost any races in five years.
The couple reach such huge speeds, with some competitors unable to compete.
Even in the last 500 metre, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to move closer, Staningas and Gloveres's lead was too high.
We felt every moment.
Helen yelled: "keep the rhythm, keep the rhythm."
Not losing focus is really important.
We managed a good start, but at the same time we did not have high expectations.
That day we had no intention to topple records, but just oars well and win the race and that's what we did.
The couple will take the annual break before deciding what to do next.
Next month Glover and television adventure seeker Steve Bashar will have a wedding.
For now, she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that this was my last race.
It would have been too much pressure.
In London it took me about six months to understand that I'm the Olympic champion.
It was a new experience and I was very excited.
This time it took about four minutes.
She said: "the feeling is fantastic."
A unique opportunity to look at the Los Angeles Central Library's fantastic architecture.
Check out more about the city's Central Library, as the Southern California Architecture historians Association holds a meeting with the Los Angeles Central Library: its Arts and Architecture History 'authors Arnoldu Schwarcman and Steven John.
Je and Schwartsmans plan to discuss and show images of the 1926 Bertram Gudhue design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Hardy Holcman's additions to Feifera.
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14: 00 to 16: 00 Salle Modern, Art Deco Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), a 3050 Wilshire tabloid.
Visitors will be able to look at the central hall, exposure rooms, a nook hall and a tea room.
Tickets must be purchased in advance; sah / SCC members, $15; others, $25.
The mixed and cheerful DTLA attic is undergoing a domestic change,
To mark the Los Angeles Central Bibliotek of the 90s - with what else? - as a new book!
The head of the Revenue Service "will move to the last."
In his words, the Prime Minister (Greens / Farmers) and Finance Minister (Greens / Farmers) are already "fundamentally important" to approve the appointment of the Minister for Finance at the helm of the Revenue Service.
Rajevskis estimated that both Kučinskim and the Reizniece-Ozoo government's approval of the head of the Revenue Service are "the first big decision" that can influence their future as politicians.
If the position of the head of the Revenue Service is now going to be changed, it will have a negative impact on the public administration of their imams.
The Prime Minister's agenda for next week's agenda includes the issue of the transfer of the head of the NHS to the Director-General of the Revenue Service, according to the government's agenda.
The head of the Revenue Service was driven by Finance Minister Reizniece-Ozola following the resignation of Inar Peter's service and when the contest for the Revenue Service's general manager ended without a result.
The head of the Revenue Service performer Richard Pelbuilding on Thursday, August 11, told Radio's turnovers - if she would offer to run for manager, then she would agree.
The Finance Minister later said he would not consider other candidates for the Revenue Service.
Also, the head of the National Association of lawmakers, Raivis Dzintars, acknowledged that NA was increasingly supportive of the Kokeselv Revenue Service.
Spain's deficit reduction potential is threatened by the failure to form a government.
A month ago, on 12 July, the European Commission (EC) issued an opinion that Spain and Portugal have not implemented sufficient measures to reduce the deficit level to 3% of GDP required by the euro area.
It is estimated that, despite the austerity measures implemented, Portugal's budget deficit at the end of last year was 4.4% of GDP and 5.1% in Spain.
However, the European Commission decided not to impose economic sanctions on both countries, while setting fiscal targets for the nearest time.
One of the reasons why the EC did not impose sanctions against these two countries is the growing euroscepticism in many countries of the European Union.
Additional sanctions for such a negative sentiment would only increase.
Critics point out that the EC is not consistent in its decisions by agreeing on uniform rules and then failing to apply them in practice.
For example, the President of the German Bundesbank, Jens Veidmanns, has pointed out that Europe is losing credibility in this way, giving people the impression that the rules of the European Union are recommended, not binding.
Now the EC has proposed and all Member States have approved an extension of the deadline for correcting the deficit by the end of this year to Portugal and by 2018 for Spain.
The European Commission has promised in the next few months to examine the progress made by both countries, while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal should be prepared to introduce further austerity measures if circumstances so require.
Initial forecasts suggest that the objectives set for Portugal could be achieved in due course and already this year the deficit could fall to 2.5% of gross domestic product.
This means that, within the framework of the Stability Programme, the government of this country must implement austerity measures of 0.25% of GDP this year.
These measures should be included in this year's budget, with a further focus on the control of the costs of procurement of goods and services.
In the case of Spain, the situation is much more complex.
This year, the deficit should be reduced to 4.6%, to 3.1% next year and to 2.2% of GDP in 2018.
In addition, in the next two years, consolidation measures should be at 0.5% of GDP per year.
It is particularly difficult to achieve these objectives by the fact that, for eight months, the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the formation of a government, and it is becoming increasingly likely that Spain may have to hold early parliamentary elections for the third time in a year.
But opinion polls also show that the third election of the political landscape in the country would not change significantly.
The most popular party remains the party of the current Prime Minister, Mariano Rahoja, whose election would once again gain less than 33% of the vote.
Its popularity has only been piqued only by the Socialists, while the 'Podemos' or 'Together we can' and 'Ciudadanos', or 'Citizens', have somewhat diminished in popularity.
The People's Party wants to get the Socialists and Ciudadanos' involvement in government even this month, otherwise they will not succeed in adopting and submitting to the European Commission for approval of the 2017 draft budget.
The President of the People's Party, Rafaels Hernando, has said that if the government does not succeed and the parliamentary elections will still be held for a third time, Spain will become a laughing stock of the whole of Europe.
The cleanliness of beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical.
In the fifth year of surveying the beach, the activists concluded that, unfortunately, the number of waste found is increasing every year and is responsible for mostly bathing visitors.
The most polluted bathing sites are in the capital.
The Capital Hall explains that the bathing sites are being nurtured every day, but the fight against dirt visitors is quite difficult.
In addition, the waste orphaned during torrential rains can be floated into the water, thereby damaging its quality.
With the exception of Liepaja beach and individual seats in Kurland, the cleanliness of beaches in other parts of the UK is critical.
The announcement was circulated this week by the Campaign for My Sea Volunteers.
In the fifth year of walking the road along the Gulf of Riga, the activists concluded that the number of rubbish left by the population per hundred metres has increased.
Unfortunately, this year's approval rating has argued.
"We see that this will be the year when the number of rubbish on the beach 100 metres may even exceed 200 units," says expedition "My Sea" spokesman John Ulme.
On Radio Radio, he was on the beach where he was on the beach, where a volunteer will move along the Gulf of Riga.
This year, there has been a collection of even fluorescent light bulbs that have been left in the sand.
A member of the voyage and organiser Ulme say, it is the citizens who are responsible for the pollution.
"The main source of the beach is the visitors themselves, as more than half of the total waste is plastic, with a variety of rubbish starting with bags, plastic pieces that are already at the stage of degradation, they are no longer able to identify, and smoke, bottles, corals," Ulme says.
Among the dirtiest beaches there are also bathing sites in the capital.
For example, almost 800 units of waste have been collected every one hundred metres, which is critical to many.
The organisers of the campaign also explain that almost every step of the shuttle is also smoked and there are no signs of warning or ban everywhere.
"Average figures for all three bathing sites together - Daugavsin, Vakarbulls and Old Travellers - are, unfortunately, coming big and far beyond the desired, or target, to reduce the number of waste units to 135 units by 2020," the environmental defender concludes.
Bathing in the capital on a daily basis, the summer's hottest days even doubled, explains council spokesman Ugis Vidauskis.
However, the struggle with dirt visitors is quite tricky.
We are returning to this issue of human culture.
"To those who are glued, use alcohol, smoke and do all the things that may not, even special characters do not exist," according to Vidauskis.
Vidauskis therefore calls on bathing visitors to report the pollutants to the police.
You can call the police, be sure to point to these offenses and in that way all fight.
Perhaps there may be some new warnings, but as I said, I don't think this will radically change the situation.
"Whereas together we simply have to go and be intolerant to such offenders," he insists.
Meanwhile, water quality measurements for the fourth time this summer have been carried out by the Health Inspectorate, which can impose a ban on official bathing sites.
This year, as in other years, water quality everywhere was good and satisfactory.
The current situation is that in all 56 bathing areas the quality of water has been good all the time and there are no bathing limits.
"One last time we'll take the analysis at the end of August," he said.
During heavy rains, land-based waste can be floated into the water.
This, in turn, may affect its quality, according to the Environmental Officer.
The rotation of Russian elites continues - a change in Putin's administration.
Left the post himself?
Vladimir Putin has told Russian media that Sergei Ivanov wanted to leave the post and will continue to be the president's special representative for nature conservation, ecology and transport.
Announcing the changes, Putin in front of television cameras focused on Ivanovam's praise: "the venerable Sergej Borisovič, we are working with you for many years and are doing it successfully."
I am happy with how you fulfil your duties.
I remember well about our agreement not to use you as head of the presidential administration for more than four years.
I am therefore aware of your desire to change the field of activity.
And I hope that you will fully use your knowledge and experience in your new role.
However, it is highlighted that the administration of the presidential administration is a very important post and it made Ivanovu one of the most influential people in the country.
In view of the fact that the Duma elections are expected to take place in Russia next month, there have been rumours that this step involves the fight for power in the Russian political elite.
Ivanov was also called a possible replacement for Mr Putin as president, so the claim that he himself wanted to hold the post of president for nature conservation and transport has raised doubts.
According to the Lsm.lv archive, Ivanov is a member of the KGB and the Federal Security Service.
Ivanov has been a long-serving and close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He began his career in 1979, where he took note of Putin.
Later, with Putin becoming head of the Federal Security Service, Ivanov became his deputy.
In contrast, the first Russian president, Boris Yeltsin, was appointed as secretary of the Russian Security Council.
In 2000, after Putin's rise to power was confirmed by the "Information Security doctrine," which included the revival of state censorship mechanisms in Russia.
In 2001, Sergei Ivanov became Russia's defence minister, but back in 2005 for Deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkova and was responsible for the development of Russia's defence industry and arms exports.
Now, after leaving the presidential administration's office, Ivanov will also retain a seat on the Russian National Security Council, which will now also work for the new head of the presidential administration to blame.
The blame comes from the family of the Soviet party's elite.
The president's office blamed the chancellor for being recommended by Ivanov himself.
We with Antonu Eduardovich have long known.
Still from those times when your leadership worked in government.
And for the last nearly five years we are in contact practically every day.
"I am therefore convinced that after all professional and personal characteristics he is ready for this work," Ivanov said.
The blame comes from a family that belonged to the Soviet party elite.
His grandfather Karl held senior positions in the Estonian Communist Party, including a decade until 1988 and was its first secretary.
In an online edition of "Meduza," a reference to the book "Estonia's self-determination and independence" writes that in the late 80s Karl blames had asked Moscow to give permission to use force against demonstrators.
However, he reportedly received a refusal and soon lost his post.
Shortly afterwards, the blame has moved to live on Moscow.
The charge has graduated from the Moscow Institute of International Relations and manages the Japanese language.
However, he has gone from the diplomatic service to work in the administration of the Presidential Protocol.
It has already been reported that Russia has been shaken by the dismissal of several high-ranking officials and even arrests, including the replacement of several district governors and federal representatives.
As the political ologists point out, President Vladimir Putin is restructuring the ruling elite ahead of the 2018 election.
One of the main features is that more and more senior positions are being held by members of the power structure.
The sparring fame in Nikiforenko is losing the Olympics in the first fight.
This was a fight in the first round, and the sparring fame of his participation in the Olympics has retired, finishing 17th.
Coach Oleg Baskins told Latvian television that Nikiforenko's hope had been very low and it had already been clear before the tournament.
He also found that sparring fame in the fight suffered a shoulder injury.
It is remarkable that, in order to be at the Olympic signs, Mr. Nikiforenko had a center-right in a different weight category than common - namely, weight to 100 kilograms.
Azerbaijan's fame was 25 kilos heavier.
Jevgeny Borodavko has said they fight weight to 100 kilos against Rjunosuki for two-and-a-half minutes, before the opponent managed to clean the win worth of litter.
Consequently, Ireland's sparring race in Rio has concluded.
Dreams disappear in the Rio sand.
Jevgeny Borodavko.
Yes, he was an opponent in the face, but ambitious at times to surprise.
He did not.
Artram Nikiforenko's task was even more complicated because of the experience of a smaller and reputable opponent.
The outcome was similar, despite the tatami he held for nearly a minute and a half longer than Borodavko.
Unfortunately, in recent times, the Latvian judists have a direct ambition lacking the most.
Since the leadership of the federation passed by Gunar Kirson and his financial stute, Vladimir Schestakov, from Alexander Jackevičs, is no longer a "Golden Score," - sparring development moves into a downward trajectory.
Jackevičam, who is here advising Kazakhstan's sparks, and Vsevoldam, the heirs do not see it.
But if it does not grow, there will not be.
And it is a federation prerogative.
That's why, as from another galaxy, "Ralk Panorama" was hanging out of the federation's presidential promise to Rio to win a medal.
A flight far from reality.
An evening of impatience and anxieties were expected at the beach volleyball match in Samoilov / Spadins - Evanar / Pear Solbergs.
Intriga as already a "death" group - the losers of the game are over.
The duetam both had a small derogation - they could also lose, but no more than four points in two setos.
The tightness was still long-standing in the previous game.
No one wanted to die - this feeling above the chorus of chorus throughout the match.
Gusty winds caused further embarrassment.
At first thought it could be ours - which is more comprehensive - ally.
But they did not.
Against the duetu's play here was simple enough.
Servé is so focused on Samoilovu and expectations when he burst.
Against Canada in the seams, against Cuba tore first at the end of Seta and early in the third, as the load was not a joke.
They could have been on board at the time because Labour was short, but when it was, did it.
Brazilovs Samoilovs was able to win two sets in the first half as the first took the lead with 16: 15 left, though the 16-year-old also remained, with a missed point limit.
But they could also lose 2-0, as the second 4-2 deficit was -4, however, also thanks to the wind, managed to win.
The third one was a bleak.
The clasp - inconvincingly inducted serve, the second match often flies too close to the grid and Samoilovam was left with very few options for the renegade.
If the Cubans in the square were someone alien to Samoilovs, then this time he worked better, and only for the Saints to buck the loss would be unprofessional.
Kreilis also made a mistake, and symbolically enough that the last bomb block drove him directly.
Losing team.
This time there was certainly a lack of success: in the third set, two Evanar attacks almost flew out of the chorus, but the ball still hit the line.
Two of the CEF were next to the line.
The controversial episode of the video also ruled in favour of opponents.
If the first two games of Evanar were harassed by the serts, then against ours they were very productive.
All of the total lost on the board.
It is now easy to analyse the causes of the failure.
Perhaps it should have been as many live next to the stadium, not with a delegation in the Olympic village.
It took two-and-a-half hours.
Maybe a little bit of assertiveness gave the seven-year-old series.
Maybe Klagenfurt should not have been playing, but quicker to come here and better acclimatise.
Perhaps there was a blunder with the sporting shape of the tops.
So far, the question more than answers.
Our Bishop games are over.
The dream of medals expired.
What next?
There are still some World Cup finals and also the City Masters.
Samoilovu's life has never been friends and will not be, because there are too many different personalities.
But it is also not necessary.
When the dream of the Olympic medals has collapsed, there may also be the idea of a divorce, because the fault will be sought not only by itself but also in the partner.
It is not difficult but much more difficult for the UK to find a dignified partner.
Both brothers play Bishop, but John with Tom has already tried and also Jersey, while Mikhail Samoilov is still too green to begin to conquer the world tops.
There may be a try for Haraldo Reggs, Alexander Soloveju, Edgar Tools, to return to Martus Pelavina, but it won't be better than this option, which itself has not once demonstrated at the World Cup stages.
Kopakaban sands did not get them this time.
And everything.
Of course, account should also be taken of the fact that beach volleyball is becoming more popular, with new couples coming into circulation, with only a rare height of less than two metres.
It's still no guarantee of success, but there is a crucial argument in the fight for victory.
We do not stay longer.
Both athletes and journalists have the opportunity to live in places offered by gaming operators and choose their own.
The US basketball team lives on a cruise ship, part of a tennis player not left in the Olympic village.
Similarly, part of the beach volleyball has been found in a hotel in Kopakaban.
This time, for all the modest accommodation for journalists, there were highly exaggerated prices.
So the choice also fell on the rent of the apartments.
The risk is because sometimes they can be uncomfortable from a logistical point of view.
This time the risk is justified.
Together with Vladimir Putin, rent the hardware on the Kopakaban and Ipanemas border.
The bay 200 metres away, the biscuit's half-hour procession.
The neighborhood is safe enough as a favelas patch, but the vigilance of losing should not be here too.
Vladimir Putin is not the one who sometimes imagines, but the most professional sports columnist in Russian media, Vladimir Ivanov.
The P.S. looks set to be dreamed up Friday morning for another medal dream.
The 100 metre barrier and high jump Laura Ishamiece-Admidim lagged behind their personal records.
But there are already five disciplines.
After a 10-year break, "Porgie and Besa" reads Liepaja.
The opera "Porgie and Besa" underwent a pre-season in 1973's National Opera.
Since then, the internationally recognised masterpiece has not been repeated.
That is why the organisers of the Art Festival and the Liepaja Arts Forum, in close cooperation, decided to give the audience the opportunity to enjoy George Guervina.
"We are very pleased that after a 10-year break, when the last time Liepaja was enjoying the opera staging, this great George Guervina's" Porgijs and Besa "opera version of the 'Big Dzintars'," says the Big Dzintars concert hall.
Opera "Porgijs and Besa" are engraved in musical language to tell a story of love, its volatility, passion, as well as domestic tragedies and a simple daily spree.
It reflects Afro-American vitality, music and rhythm.
It is this lack of political correctness in this opera, this exclusion of tolerance makes it so alive.
"And yes, this mystery is extremely strong, extremely handsome and in some way really deep," says director Viesturs Kairiar.
What I love the most is - listening to or playing this opera, there are always those stop points - famous tunes, famous motives, but these transition from one character to another, shedding one predated or the other, or singing, or orchestra.
"It's the most exciting thing, this construction," opera assesses the opera "Porgijs and Besa," the musical's musical director and conductor of the Andris button.
Visitors to the opera agree that this is a grand event.
It is a great pleasure for them to hear this world famous Gueršvina opera.
Bless that Liepaja can feel the world's breath.
"Performance professional," opera valued visitor Edgar Lahm.
For the first time the orchestra played an orchestra and first held the opera concert.
A pitch at the Art Museum's renovated buildings could be called the Jaunt Rosenal Group.
Latvia's deputy mayor, Andris Ameriks, said at the opening of the exhibition that the museum's own address could be in the future rather than the 10-year-old.
He went on to say that the re-registration of the address would create a good deal of red tape, but overall this idea is welcomed and therefore accepted by the local government's proposal.
The city's sort of basic stone of this idea has been laid in 1936, with the creation of the Burkarda Dzeen monument to Janim Rozentam, who stands at the museum.
The then associate director, Wilhelm Purman, was one of the initiators for building this memorial.
In this way, this further action could be purely logical.
I have been a little bit eroded by the conscience of all time - but Wilhelm Purbtis, where are we going to make his name?!
"But if you, Mr America, promise to think..." said Luce.
The National Museum of Art announced the building after a major renovation and modernization of its doors officially opened this year in May.
This week will finally launch the reconstruction of the VEF Cultural Palace.
A castle of about 11 million will restore the company to "Velve."
There are plans to reconnect several palace rooms, including two viewer drugs, as well as buildings adapted for people with reduced mobility.
The Riga City Council intends to raise the money of the European Union fund to the tune of €6 million, but the director of the Riga City Council, Oleg Orlov, acknowledges that, for the time being, there is still no European funding for the project.
"Despite the fact that the political will to launch the VEF Cultural palace renovations, by attracting European structural funds, is, we are waiting months for a decision, real action from Treasury officials, there will be money allocated to it or not," says Bukster.
Last December we were told that everything depends on Brussels.
Two weeks ago, the Treasury received a letter from the European Commission that it would accept the decision that Brussels does not take a decision.
At the moment we see the emergence of another circle of debate again, well, so we'll see what we can expect in the coming days.
"I want to say that the Riga City Council will no doubt guarantee that this process will be rolled out and completed within the deadlines," says Bukster.
It has been reported that more than a year ago, in March 2015, the VEF Cultural Palace collectively held a farewell gig before the immediate, immediately anticipated renovation of the building.
Although the year passed, the renovation of the building had still not started and collectively continued to work in inappropriate conditions.
The Riga City Council's Strategy for the refurbishment of the VEF Cultural Palace is divided into supposedly independent rebuilding efforts, where each will ensure the implementation of different palace functions.
First: increasing the availability of the VEF Cultural Palace and the repair of the surrounding area.
It is designed to clean up surroundings and utilities, and restore the facade of the building.
Second: improving the offer of the VEF Cultural Palace services.
It plans building interjera, wall and ceiling restoration, stage and sound recording studies, as well as cleaning up the building's internal engineering.
The third is an improvement in the collective working conditions, which include plans to improve machine equipment, space heating and ventilation systems.
Ahead of the "Lives," the 40th anniversary of the legendary rock band can get to the Show in Liepaja.
The exhibition will include various "Lives" characteristics - photographs taken in the line of time to reflect the group's activities from inception to 2010, when the group is announced to expire.
It will also be shown in participants' stage outfits, musical instruments, awards and concerts, as well as other wider unseen cases that reflected the group's "Lives" creative activity.
The exhibition will be complemented by the museum's stock objects.
The visual presentation of the exhibition is the result of a collaboration with fashion artist and painter Elitu Patmalatu.
The musicians, who have been linked to the group "Lives" and their loved ones, referred to the call and shared both objects and memories.
"Livus" dates back to the 1970s, when the house of the Liepaja Cultural House is being set up in a vocal instrumental ansamblis led by Juris Pavilene.
Ansamblis took part in the original "Liepaja Dzintars" festival in 1972 and terracotta, as well as cities and republics.
There has been a fateful encounter when Juris Pavilene took note of the group of Eric Cologne and was founded by a group calling for the accession of Ingrid Gutmani, Andri Bread and John Grodumu.
Over the years, the composition of the group has gone more than once.
Participants have joined, others have claimed their way, some returned.
Most importantly, however, the desire to confirm that the English rock is able to live and exist - remained static.
"What to see was missing - the juggernaut, the maty and the beard, these guys differed widely from the universally accepted stereotypical stereotype," a group of music viewer Klass Watvere says.
The group, without the above-mentioned musicians, acted as an outstanding musician like Victor Hugo, Modris Schterns, Valdis Štarks, Laimis Rusbarber, Ainars Virga, Aivars Brise, Thomas Kleins, Thomas Kleins and many more.
Entrance Show for free.
The exhibition will take place from 19 August to 30 October.
MEPs will also vote on a resolution on this topic.
For the first time in 8 months, Bulgaria is experiencing inflation.
In July, Bulgaria's national statistics showed 1% of monthly inflation.
That's the highest rate since 2012 and the first rate above zero since last October, when it was positive (0.2 percent).
Average annual inflation after PCI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), compared to the previous year, was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016, compared with the previous year, was 101.9% and monthly average inflation was 1.0 percent.
Since the start of the year, the inflation rate was -0.2% (July 2016 compared to December 2015) and annual inflation in July 2016, compared to July 2015, was -0.2%.
Compared to the previous month, July 2016 saw a surge in prices for such consumer groups: dishes and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); entertainment and cultural events (6.3%); hotels and restaurants (1.2%); household goods and services (0.2%).
Prices fell in clothing and shoes (2.2%); housing equipment, household appliances and regular home cleaning (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the level of the previous month for alcohol and tobacco, management, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communications and education.
Stankevičs: come time, and the truth is rising.
The Archbishop of the Catholic Church, Metropolitan Stankevičs, said in an interview with the Independent that if we want to make a life of force, it should be put at the centre of the Gospel message.
Because the power of truth is greater than the fad of evil.
Many are already on their way to the Visholy Virgin Mary in the sky for reception celebrations in Aglona.
What message will the believers get there this year?
In recent years, the desire to run a key service in Aglona has been made by the papal nuntium.
Consequently, the content of the main message is up to him.
The sort of tradition has also developed into the fact that Cross Road is run by Bishop John Bulis.
He too will form his own message.
I wired the last day of the festive religious service.
Last year, I focused on Pope Francis's encyclical "Laudato si" and raised it in a tank of common houses, the Earth's theme in the UK context.
This year... Of course, I watched what's going on in the world, and try my speech to respond to it.
My approach coincides with the church's recommended message that the Gospel message should be put at the centre of life.
It must be demonstrated that the Gospel responds to the most painful problems of human life and gives him the inspiration for a further journey.
Then it addresses people.
But in Cleveland, the lights in the debate, you said, "go back to the understanding of the full people."
What do you mean by that?
Does that mean a person turning away from the church's message?
And does the Church have such a return resource today?
The Indian capital raiding the path of a dying man.
No one in the Indian capital does not know about the road on the side of a dying man - it turns out that he slept on the side of the road and then still robbed, the BBC informs.
The man, who has been identified as Matistalls, travelled through the day with a rike, but worked at night on the guard.
Maticage 5: 30 a.m., travelled home down the road when their car was crushed by a car.
The surveillance camera recording shows the driver got out of the car to look at the victim and then gone.
After an hour when no one has licies not to know about the bloody man, they robbed a garnadze.
About 90 minutes after the shooting at the scene, police and the victim were taken to hospital where they died from an injury.
Referring to his candidacy for the State Revenue Service (State Revenue Service), the head of the National Environmental Service's Inga Kokegova has saved the government from the fall, according to an associate professor at the University of Social Sciences at the Faculty of Social Sciences.
The explanation of the withdrawal of the nominations in connection with the controversy in the ruling coalition is attributed to the fact that she has prevented the fall of the government.
Skudra told LETA that it was difficult for him to imagine a government meeting next week in favour of the nomination.
Consequently, if the "Unity" ministers were to vote against, it would lead to the resignation of the government.
At the same time, the expert believes that, prior to the withdrawal of the nominations, he was consulted both by the Finance Minister, Danu Reiznier-oak, and the Prime Minister.
At the same time, it had also made concessions in favor of those who opposed her candidacy.
By predicting whether to manage the contest with the help of finding a suitable candidate, Ant said there are two options - either to be designated as a compromise figure, or whether the authority as Director General will continue to lead Richard Pelbuilding.
At the same time, he points out that if the minister of finance has so far claimed that a different nomination is not being considered, it is said to be a gesture to the Beige that should not take part in the contest.
As reported, the head of the National Environment Service decided to withdraw his candidacy as Director General of the Revenue Service.
As a result of the opposition, the government postponed the appointment of the Director-General of the Revenue Service for a week on Tuesday.
In the wake of the government's decision to postpone the decision, Kokeegova confirmed that he was still ready to become head of the Revenue Service.
However, the opinion later changed - on Friday, in a submission to the Finance Minister, she points out that he was withdrawing its consent to the transfer to the head of the Revenue Service and that she had no easy choice.
Prime Minister Andrei Vaivars, a spokesman for the Prime Minister, told LETA that a new competition will be held for the vacant Revenue Service.
The centre's accident involved a police car.
At the centre this afternoon there was an accident involving a national police car.
A police car with an end-to-end sound and light vibes rush to the top of the call, until the Barona and Dzirnavu Street crossing was confronted by another car.
Police explain the circumstances of the incident, but the initial information suggests that a second crash has not been missed by a police car.
An accident suffered by a woman.
This year's drop in population
At the beginning of this year, there were 638 784 inhabitants, which is 0.34% less than in 2015, when the capital officially registered 641 000 people, LETA was informed by the Central Statistics Authority (CSP).
In contrast, in terms of population, the Latvian capital is ranked in the ranks of the European Union's capital cities and large cities with a population of more than one million.
According to Eurostat, the highest proportion of women in Riga, the capital of Latvia, is firmly in the first place among Europe's largest cities with 127 women per 100 men.
All three Baltic capitals have the highest proportion of women in Europe's major cities: in Vilnius they are 123, and in Tallinn 121 women per 100 men.
The LNMM will deploy warning pictograms.
In the coming days, the National Museum of National Art (LNMM) will be deployed in warning signs - pictograms, spokeswoman Baiba Gailyn told LETA.
At the moment, there has been a successful conclusion of the museum's glass, which had arisen as a result of the skeitbordist operation.
Warning pictograms will be deployed in the coming days.
Its residents will herald that coverage tends to be slippery during heavy rain and snowfall, not to move around with cars, as well as a spike in bikes, skriters and skriters.
On this Facebook page it also wrote to Ushakov, who pointed out that any safety risk for the damage does not pose, but "looks like a mess," and the skeitbordists "will have to lash out."
A celebration of children and old children's playgrounds in Riga.
This summer's local government installed even two new playgrounds in the city, Cologne and Chiekurhill, who are currently available to children.
The Chinese beach installed a vast, multifunctional toy ship with a variety of climbing elements, bridges, games, trubs and slippery.
The playground is designed for children of all ages.
The square also installed swings and different balancing elements.
In the fantasy world, small boaters find themselves braked on the coast of Daugavas with a view to the passenger port and the cruise ships there.
While the playground between ChiekurMount's 4 and 5 cross-line cards, batuts, ladder piste, balance bridge, swings, toy bombs and other gaming elements, as well as gymnasium exercises, co-ordination and sports features.
Underneath the pitch rubber cover in different colours.
By the end of the playground, the side of the street fell into a new, colourful rubble cover.
Medumos revealed a reconstructed stretch of the road.
Transport Minister Uldis Augulis, VAS's National roads (LVC) leadership, as well as the construction company Binders, and local representatives today unveiled the renovated country's main road to the Russian border (Medumi) (A13) to the Lithuanian border (156,4-163.05 km).
Roads are a national visit card, especially in border roads, so particular satisfaction is to detect a renovated section on the border with our southern neighbours.
This is yet another example of the fact that, thanks to the cofinancing of European Union funds, the situation on the country's main roads is improving.
"As the forecasts suggest, the funds available for this programming period will be achieved as early as 2018, and we need to think about continuing to maintain the most congested roads in very snowy areas, and also to ensure the mobility of citizens in all UK regions without European funding," Philip Augulis said.
The Transport Minister also pointed out that the proposals prepared by traffic experts on sustainable funding for the UK's roads will be presented to the government.
During construction work from the Game to the Lithuanian border (156,4-163,05 km), Binders launched the company last year and continued this year after the technological break.
The cost of Reconstruction is €13.5 million (including VAT), co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF).
"The road design is fully restored and renovations will be launched next year in the next phase of the Daugavpalace, so it will be sorted out all the way from the Lithuanian border to Daugavpilij," said LVC CEO John Lange.
The country's main motorways are the most congested, and by 2018 we intend to ensure that all of the country's main motorways are in good condition.
The next task will be to keep them in a snowy, timely way of ensuring periodic maintenance and carrying out asphalt replacements every 7-9 years.
"This will, of course, require adequate funding, and all travellers are looking forward to the proposals drawn up by the group of experts to clean up the road financing system," Lange said.
The project arranged road connections and lighting at the centre of Medumu.
Significant ground works have been carried out: four phases of large-scale meltdown and large-scale trenches and embankment work, an equalised longitudinal profile, which until now was very uneven.
Public transport stops have also been restored and re-built for public transport.
In the past, there was insufficient nestability and the mountainous terrain was not transparent because of the mountainous valleys, as well as the old way of common terrain.
The next construction season is expected to restore the stretch of the DaugavCastle section of the city's border to the now renovated stage (144,80156,40km).
This year, LVC plans to take different types of jobs in more than 1,100 kilometres of public road.
Information on all planned renovations on the national road network is available on the LVC website at www.enceli.lv.
"In order to achieve the desired weight loss results, the choice of the correct mix of food products is very important," said Lithuanian Dietary Laura Romeraite-Kuklieriene.
In addition, it is easily down-to-earth during the summer period, when our own gardens grow fresh fruit, berries and vegetables.
The combination of thoughtful nutrition products can help not only to reduce obesity, but also to purposefully promote different body processes.
Macaroni and vinegar are a successful combination because it provides a lasting sense of satiety and helps to fight the fat.
The research, published in the European Clinical Nutrition journal, has shown that vinegar has a positive effect on blood glucose levels and helps us feel fit.
Kajena peppers and protein rich food, such as poultry meat or a protein cocktail, cause not only a sense of satiety, but also reduces grabbing after large meals in the next meals.
This combination of food is also able to increase the amount of calories burned after meals of up to 35 per cent.
Research suggests that Kajena peppers can help get rid of the fat sequence in the abdominal terrain.
The egg is made up of a metabolic nutrient - holine, while the paprika is a good source of vitamin C.
Accepting sufficient quantities of these nutrients can reduce the level of kortisolating, hence the accumulation of fat around the middle of the body.
The oats putra, which has been added to fresh berries, is another Garda and a fervent meal for breakfast, which is worth incorporating into your diet.
The flakes and berries contain fibre which, according to the findings of Canadian scientists, is controlled by greens - an appetite for stimulating hormones - and thus a sense of hunger.
In addition, berries contain polifenolus, which are aides for weight reduction, as well as preventing the emergence of fat.
Vegetables and proteins are also able to do miracles in reducing weight.
Such a combination can create a sense of satiety.
Vegetables contain water and fibre, so promote a sense of sate.
At the same time, the protein slows down the digestive process and provides a sense of satiety for the longer term.
Dinners can eat chicken with lettuce or make a cocktail of protein from the finished mixture and enjoy it with their favourite vegetables.
Of which combinations of products are to be avoided.
The fruit is sugars - monosaccharides or disaccharides - one or two molecule compounds.
In contrast, the starch in the garden is polisaharide.
Fruit decompose in the stomach mechanically, while chemically they do not break down until they reach the third or fourth grade in the digestive process that takes place in the intestine.
Starch decompose in three different stages, starting in the mouth.
It is therefore essential not to eat sweet food immediately after the meal.
Eating sweet food immediately after the meal, it is being 'trapped' in the stomach along with other meals, where it is not chemically sagremots and starts to pull.
Eat bread, potatoes, peas, bananas, dates or other carbohydrate products, together with lemons, lime, oranges, greipfruit, ananasi or other acid fruit.
There is only an alkaline environment.
Fruit acids hamper not only carbohydrates, but they also contribute to their fermentation.
Do not eat eggs and meat, nuts and meat, cheese and cheese and nuts, meat and milk, eggs and milk or nuts and milk and similar protein-rich product combinations in one meal.
Their processing requires different digestive juices, each of them with a different strength, features and time when they have to arrive in the stomach.
Arciens, medusmelone, muskatmelone and other melons always eat separately from other meals.
Melons are not destroyed if they are in the stomach along with other foods.
Fat combination of protein-rich products.
Fat consists of a successful mix of starch, but the same cannot be said for fat and protein - the fat inhibits the protein.
Protein can be combined with a very small amount of fat.
If a large amount of proteins are consumed, the fat will not be used altogether.
This includes freshness - it is not advisable to combine a large amount of nuts (contain proteins) with entire avocados (contain fat).
Such a combination prevents effective weight reduction.
How best to cook?
"Cooking, thermal processing leads to a significant loss of nutrients - about 15% to 55% of the product's original nutrient composition," according to the Diethology.
In most cases, nutrients go to waste by boiling food in the water.
However, the nutritional value of some foodstuffs is increasing, it is boiling.
After the cooking of vegetables, the liquid is recommended for the use of soups - in this case, you will not lose the nutrients left in the water, and you will be able to eat it later.
Vegetables are well advised to cook, too, by steaming them.
Thermal treatment significantly increases the bioavailability of tomatoes contained in tomatoes.
Boiling tomatoes for 30 minutes, the amount of likopene increases by 25%.
The thermal treatment also significantly increases the bioavailability of betakings, which can be found in red, yellow, orange plants, such as tomatoes, burgeons, sweet potatoes and spinach.
The thermal treatment of eggs and meat takes away the natural characteristics of the protein they contain, making them easier to repair.
Similarly, meat and egg thermal processing makes the existing iron and other minerals more easily absorbed in the body.
It should also be borne in mind that freezing products can reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10% to 90%, while the fibre is not affected by freezing.
A combination of beans in the sauce can increase the intake of iron in the body, which in turn provides better brain and muscle activity.
Our body hosts up to 33% less non-bloodcreative iron, which can be found in plant products such as beans, leaf herbs, cereal products, than the bloodcreative iron found in animal products such as beef, fish and vista.
You can significantly increase the amount of non-bloodcreative iron absorbed in the body by using non-bloodcreative iron products, along with vitamin C sources such as oranges, tomatoes and berries.
Vitamin C helps to change the non-bloodcreative iron in such a way that our body can absorb it more easily.
Iron is required for the production of hemoglobine, which provides oxygen to the muscles and the brain.
To maximise the benefits of lettuce, add those healthy fats, such as olive or linseed oil.
When preparing sandwiches with salmon, add a D vitamin to the rich salmon or the sardines of inconvenience yogurt, which is a good source of calcium.
Vitamin D increases the amount of calcium in the intestine and plays a key role in the process of bone formation.
Oats (as well as other wholemeal products), along with vitamin C sources, such as strawberries, upends, raspberries and other fruits or berries, help stabilise cholesterol, as well as avoid arteries.
Snapchata's' Anime 'effect is being dried up as an Asian caricature
Snapchats says this filter has been prompted by anime, but critics say it is racially incorrect.
The lenses of the Snapchat effect allow 150 million daily users to change reality and play with their identity in all absurd ways.
You can turn your own into an angel, dog or image from the Roy Lihštenstein paintings.
The lens effects can be spilled using images of the distorted instruments that generate more than 30 million modified selfijus every day.
Any mistake quickly becomes available to the public.
Snapchata's lens effects have already been criticised in the past that they depicted the faces of black and white leather toes as the perfect beauty benchmark.
When the new lens effects were published this week, which gave users a plate of eyes, teeth and soft cheeks, some people described these effects as racist and cartoonist, depicting Asian populations as "yellow."
The question was also asked whether it does not indicate that the company has bigger problems with diversity.
News and public negativity erupted on Wednesday when spending on The verge and Motherboard said in a statement that these lens effects have been removed from the app.
The company explained that this lens was intended as a depiction of an anime image, not an Asian human caricature.
But for people who have experienced racism, these effects recalled painful stereotypes.
And others denied the comparison with anime.
Korean American art student Greisas Sparapani said the goat's images garnered widespread resonance: she said the lenses were "painful and uncomfortable to say the least."
She added that it is hard not to notice the apparent similarities between aziath cartoons and lens effects.
It shows that the lenses effect isn't just the Yellow PETI, but a yellow face at the level of racism.
Snapchat is not the only company that has fallen into this cultural trap.
It looks like American culture faces endless resistance due to its constant development and innovation.
And Snapčata's large youth audience, representing a diverse race, is more sensitive to things like this.
"It is now more difficult to notice such things than in the past," 25-year-old Katie Žou said in an interview Thursday.
On Thursday, the company's Medium product manager Žou deleted its Snapchat app and advised others to do the same.
In his article, Medium and the phone interview explained that she believed the problem was caused by Snapchata's recruitment policy, which did not get enough racist correct.
Žou criticised the company's leadership, which mostly consists of white men and then concluded its Tweets with # DeleteSnapchat.
"This means that there is no racial diversity in the leadership, so decisions are being made, or there are few people of different races, but they are not in a position to be able to express their views safely or comfortably."
Her complaint, to which Snapchat has responded, agrees with other people.
The company does not disclose figures on the racial diversity of its employees, mentioning that it is a private company.
Snapchat declined to discuss the origins of his staff, but a spokesman found that the company had hired a staff specialist who will focus on ensuring that the company would also be represented in racial minorities that are not widely represented in the company's location in the region.
While Žou will not reopen its Snapčata account, adding: "I wonder if they really need more users like us to understand that it's not right."
The Congressional Court announces that military officials distorted the reports of the Islamic State.
In a statement issued on Thursday, the House of Congress notes that representatives of the US Central Command distorted the reports, depicting the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria far more optimistic than it actually is.
Central Command's intelligence analysts express the general frustration of the Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defence Funding subcommittee's interim report, saying their management controlled reports of American success in the fight against the Islamic State.
Central Command, known as Centcom, is a military base in Tampa, Florida, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
The latest reports on this report suggest that intelligence reports, approved by high-ranking Centcom executives, reflect the US's fight against terrorism more positively than is actually the case; the facts were regularly distorted, depicting better achievements than according to other intelligence analysis.
California's Republican spokesman Ken Kalverts said: "Centcom's actions are unacceptable - our soldiers are the ones to suffer if our policy makers get false reports."
Centcom's management errors lie in the organisation's top leadership.
This 10-page report in detail captures the existing problems in the coverage of the Central Command and an analysis of American efforts to prepare Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015.
Although it does not provide definitive evidence that the Obama administration's senior officials would be led to distort the reports, however, it shows that Centcom's leadership has put some pressure on analysts to portray a more optimistic view of the Islamic State (otherwise known as ISIS or ISIL).
The report notes that in the first half of 2015, Central managing press releases, statements and reports to Congress portrayed the situation in a significantly more positive light than was actually the case.
For example, Centcom representatives publicly announced that the recovery operation in Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul is Iraq's second largest city, which is still under Islamic State control.
Kansas Republican Representative Mike Pompeo says in his report: "several months of investigations clearly confirm this."
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, U.S. Central managing officials distorted the reports, depicting the ISIS threat in Iraq weaker than they actually were.
Republicans formed a task force to learn that analysts are concerned that information about the Islamic State is being distorted.
As the investigation continues, the report published on Thursday will be followed by new findings in the case.
The Ministry of Defence Inspection is conducting an investigation into Centcom intelligence activities.
Members of the intelligence management committee on Thursday released their own report in which they agree with some of the Republican Task Force's findings.
Democrat Representative Adams B. Siff said in his report, from 2014 to 2015, the Centcom too limited the intelligence assessment reports in relation to ISIS and the Iraqi security forces.
Mr Sifa explains that the process "halted the dissemination of information," exacerbated analysts' work ethic and "distributed the facts of inappropriate facts."
But Sifs and Democrats added that there was no evidence that the White Nams had put pressure on Centcom analysts to draw up reports in line with "pre-established or political positions."
The Daily Beast on Thursday released the inquiry's preliminary findings.
In August, the New York Times reported the Pentagon Inspectorate launched an investigation after Centcom analysts' complaints.
Pentagon spokesman lieutenant commander Patrick Evans said in a statement that the Pentagon would not provide comments on the Congress report while the investigation continues.
He also added that experts occasionally interpetition the complex data, and the Ministry of Defence and the Intelligence Agency are calling for a constructive dialogue on vital national security issues.
The investigation is not limited to the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is a success (an allegation made by an increasing number of representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's accusations call into question whether President Obama can fully rely on reports issued by the central administration on military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan and other hotspots.
Criticism of Islamic State reconnaissance is reminiscent of more than a decade of ancient events, when Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Huker released a study claiming that George V. Bush's administration launched the Afghan war, with too little consideration for its possible consequences.
Huker also played a significant role in the opening of the Islamic State intelligence issue.
Last year, official officials reported that the Hotker team exposed the fact that as opposed to public reports, air strikes on Islamic State oil plants had not significantly worsened the terrorist group's financial position because they had built temporary factories to sell oil on the black market.
The Times reported in the September edition that this discovery did not come outside the walls of the central administration.
The moment Centcom commander, General Loids Ostins III, received sharp criticism as many law makers believed the war reports described the situation too positively.
In April, General Ostins retired and his replacement came into General Joseph L. Votel.
United favored the UK women's field hockey, winning in the US, thus making his fourth straight win.
A day after winning over Japan with a score of 6: 1 on Thursday, Katie Bama scored the first two goals for the U.S. women's field hockey team when the American beat the Indian team 3-0.
Scoring five goals in two games is an unforgettable achievement, but the 27-year-old Bama said she couldn't remember whether or not she would ever have succeeded.
She said: "I have no idea."
I'm not one of those people who number their goals.
But she knows that: the American result in the Olympic Games is 4-0, which gives them in their group curled up with Britain on Thursday after a win over Japan with a 2-0 defeat.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday to play out the final match of the first round of matches.
Both teams have already qualified for the top four and the game will only determine which team will take first place in a group of six teams and a second.
The first prize winner will take a little longer to avoid meeting the strong Dutch range, which is the leader of the other group.
So as not to turn out Saturday's game, the American has already caused a surprise storm when four years ago London remained in last place from 12 teams.
The team also included Bama
She grew up in Blynn, a field hockey stick she first picked up at the age of 3 (her older twin sisters had already dealt with this sport in Drekselle) and joined the national sample when she was a 16-year-old player in the history of the youngest player.
She did not respond to the 2008 Olympics because of the failure of the tournament.
But 2012 was unfortunate for her and her team.
The following year the coach was appointed by Englishman Kregs Parhams and things started to change for the better.
Bama called it "culture, mentality and physical change."
In London we did not invest as much work as now.
We have changed everything.
The fourth day of the game Bama revealed the results, making the score in the first half with the rear shots from close distance.
India opened the game without a win in his account, but their selection was very tough and held a minimal score by the end of the third period when Bama repeatedly scored a goal.
She ushered in a ball in the opponent area even on the left side of the pitch, then noticed being on the pitch in the middle of the game and sending a ball into the top of the game with a 2-0 lead.
In the fourth period, Melisa Gonzalesa scored another goal.
This was the first U.S. goalkeeper in the dry game of Brigas, ripping each of the first three games with one goal.
She has run into it.
And so too is Bama.
"We are going very well at the moment," Pahams said, but how exactly good will show the game on Saturday.
The depressing food of the depression period is the "Spathetic meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his election as president, Frenklin Delano sat down in the Oval room to take a meal.
President Susan tapped a fine culinary delicacy like a goose liver, or foie gras and Maryland turtles soup.
But that day his meal was far more modest: the crowded eggs of tomato drenching, potato thickputra and dessert - the plums pudding.
Jane Ziegelmane said: "this is a way to show solidarity with the gastronomy of the people who got on very hard."
Her husband Andre Kou adds: "it's also a message the Americans should eat."
The couple from the Brooklyn Heights District are food historians.
Kou's last book, "Concert," describes the Chinese kitchen in America, but Ziegelmane in his book "97 apple trees" describes life through a food rental home in Manhattan's eastern underbelly.
Their new joint work on "Spathetic meal," published on Tuesday by publishing house Harper, is the story of American food during the Great Depression.
Showing some solidarity in the gastronomy, they put a meal together for reporters in "Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop," a simple dining room in the Flatironas district and operates from 1929 when the major depression began.
The 54-year-old Mrs Ziegelmanes ordered a sandwich with a fused cheese and a sack and 57-year-old Kou ordered a turkey, potato thickmess and vegetable salad.
When a reporter commissioned the fake rabbits, the couple said his choice is a very appropriate conversation about the Great Depression of the time dish.
Ms Ziegelmanes said the fake bird was very popular.
There was a peanut bird, a bird of the liver and a bird of beans.
They were drawn from basic ingredients and other ingredients that enriched the meal.
Imagine how it is to eat so many peanuts so they should be at lunchtime.
Mr Kou said.
"The stomach probably seemed to be full of lead," he added.
In the pre-depression years, the American dining table was akin to a Swedish fork, especially in rural areas.
The women were preparing to eat their husbands-workers and breakfast, lunch and dinner so freshly prepared for fresh sacepings.
During the first World War, it was the Americans who sent Europeans a dish. "Spathetic meal" describes how Americans adapted to the conditions when America suddenly was no longer a land of abundance.
"At that time, food became the main focus of the American people's daily life," Mr Kou says, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write directly on the subject.
Just as significant was the new budget diet: the unsung dishes such as the adulterated bird and the sautures became everyday life, the sautings were "a great way to use leftovers," noted Ms Ziegelmanes, as chefs were able to bury unattractive ingredients under the creams.
The fresh fruit was replaced by cheap dried fruits.
The meat, which for years was the main ingredient of American meals, now became an extremely rare luxury commodity.
At a time when the number of calories and the nutritional value of food was more important than taste, the birth of new, yet unseen formations.
In an ancient cook, Ms Ziegelmanes found a recipe to cook with peanut butter stuffed onions.
Mr Kou added: "this was not a popular addition to the dining table."
Ms Ziegelmanes insists: "it was surreal."
Peanut butter and cooked onions are not compatible.
Many home recipes applied to the difficult times.
Households such as Luise Stanley, head of the Federal Household Economic Office from 1923 to 1943, set the country's eating habits, which had not been seen before the Great Depression, not after the Great Depression.
By publishing articles and recipes in newspapers and magazines, they advised housewives to become "economists" and accept the challenges of turning pasta and carrots into a delicious meal.
The "Spathetic meal" is a historic taste of the sleepy.
Particularly interesting is the evidence of the government's treatment of its hungry citizens, such as President Herberta Houvera, "let me eat a cake" attitude.
Although he spoke publicly about his simple childhood and meals in Iowa, in fact, he ate like a subtle Millionaire about the kind he had become.
Mr Kou said: "he enjoyed European cuisine, such as a fish with cucumber sauce."
He ate an almost gilded guest, wearing a dining coat.
He was completely detached from reality.
The president said he would have made the same mistake if his wife DTI would not have advised him to set an example with his tummy.
In the book, I was told that a domestic worker who was not taught to cook, so the White Nams became a place "where not only was one of the most awkward meals in Washington, but also the worst of them."
As soon as the country's economy is recovering, most of the culinary depression of the era has disappeared.
But we continue to focus on calories and nutritional value, as well as how to apply science to the gastronomy, Ms Ziegelmanes added.
The couple told us that when writing the book, they got a greater understanding of Mrs Ziegelmanes's mother's eating habits, such as why she was unable to throw out food.
"She really feared throwing out food," Mr Kou said.
Ms Ziegelmanes said: "she actually tracted people."
There was once an incident with wind cakes.
When Eisenberg had fed Eisenberg, the writer pulled out a couple of bags at home to make a desert: a plumes of pudding, which President Rugby tends to eat for lunch.
"It's a plumes of putucream," Ms Ziegelmanes said, adding that at that time the habit of frugal meals had been distributed to give the name of the chick.
It contains no putucream, only dried plums, little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone impatiently drove the spoon in the brown, which was on the plates.
Astonishingly, it wasn't all bad.
Mr Kou ate a few more mouths.
By listening to an experienced "economist," he told the widow: "it would suit the hazelnut hazelnut."
Gilead gets refund for legal expenses battle with Merck on hepatitis C patent
A district judge has decided that Gilead Sciences Inc will have the right to receive back expenses for lawyers for the services it paid in the case for hepatitis C patent breaking against pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was acquitted in the case of a £200 million fine for breaking two Merck patents, which it threatened in connection with the successful Sovaldi and Harvoni pills, after a federal judge found violations of Merk in action, such as lying after swearing and other unethical practices.
At a hearing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Bets Labsons told Frieman that Gilead has the right to claim compensation for the legal expenses incurred by them in the case.
Merck is trying to gain a position in the market against Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of hepatitis C, which is effective at 90% in cases of liver disease.
The case was launched back in 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other in an attempt to gain ownership of the newly developed active components of sofosbuvir, which is the main component of Gilead medicinal products.
Pro-US forces say they have taken full control of the town of Manbidge from the Islamic State.
The US-backed forces have gained full control of the Manbidder North, at the Turkish border and the latest Islamic State soldiers have left the city, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Game (SDS) shock stripped the city of the latest rival militants, who have not yet left the city.
They have cleared more than 2,000 civilian hostages, which were captured by gunmen, told Reuters news agency Sharfan Darwish, an ally of the SDS military council.
"At the moment, the city is in complete control and we are completing the clean-up operations," he told Reuters.
Clinton's earnings in 2015 reached $10.75 million and paid a 34.2 per cent federal tax rate.
Hillary Clinton released a 2015 tax return on Friday showing that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband this year have earned $10.75 million and duly paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent.
Over the course of 2015, Clinton has donated $1 million, mostly to his Clinton charity; former President Bill Clinton has earned about $5.3 million, speaking as a speaker and the former secretary of state gained $3 million in revenue from his books for his work in the National Departement, published in partnership with Simon & Schuster.
Clinton's election ally - U.S. Virginia state senator Tim Keynes and his wife Anna Holtone have released their tax returns for the last 10 years.
In 2015 they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Keynes continue to install new standards for financial transparency," Clinton campaign partner Jennifer PALMIERI said in a statement.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump, in complete contrast, is hiding behind a variety of pretexts and reservations in order not to honour promises to reveal their tax information.
The disclosure of paid tax information is a record practice for US presidential candidates, but it is not required by law.
New York's business-maker Trump and his lawyers on the grounds of the tax disclosure cited the National Revenue Service's audit.
"Your move," in a tweet that revealed the Democratic candidate's tax information, Clinton's campaign partner Ians Sams reported.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Kohens told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release tax information before the audits are completed.
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, say his refusal raises questions about the size of his real estate, the amounts of donations and other liabilities of his business, including commitments to Russia.
Clinton poured oil into the fire in a video released Friday where several influential Republicans are asking Trump to release his tax information.
She again returned to the issue during an economic rina on Thursday in Michigan.
She told the crowd: "he refuses to do what for decades has been done by the other presidential candidates."
According to Politico, during the 1990s, for two years, Trump has paid very little or no taxes at all and on Friday the New York Times business column reported that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today.
Federal tax rates are a crucial issue in this presidential election.
Clinton, in support of the billionaire powerful Baffeta proposal, promotes the idea that anyone earning more than $1 million a year must pay a tax of at least 30%.
This proposal is also supported by President Obama.
Last week, during Clinton's appearance in Omah, Nebraska, which also hosts his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate, Baffets called on Trump to exchange tax declarations.
Baffets said he was also being carried out by the Revenue Service's audit and Trump is afraid of voters, not tax authorities.
The Clinton campaign has released tax information up to 2007.
Now Clinton lives in Chapakiv, New York and between 2007 and 2014 has paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 per cent and a total tax rate of about 40.5 per cent.
Clinton's 2015 tax report shows that unlike most Americans, only 100 dollars of their income is a salary.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund, from which the Clinton dividend has received $109,000.
Reporting by Kevin Dravbaughs; Editor Jonathan Otis
A Jewish film director criticises the hotel in Berlin for turning off Israel's long-range code, after an arid demand - RT reports
A French-born French film director has raised the storm on social media when it discovered that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin did not have access to Israel's telenegotiating code, with hotel staff justifying it with Arab customer demand.
Claude Lancmans, director of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah" director, made no secret of his frustration with Berlin's Kempinski Bristol hotel and addressed an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During a recent visit, Lancmans attempted to found an Israeli phone code on the proposed list of hotels.
But the country was not included in the list of countries that can call directly from the hotel number.
How is it possible that in 2016 in Berlin, the new German capital, Israel is brushed and destroyed?
Lancmans writes.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol hotel offers a call to the country via its call centre.
The director demanded an explanation from the hotel staff.
Lancmans writes that the response "shocked him."
The hotel administrator explained that "this was a deliberate hotel management decision."
A code drawdown cause further infuriated film directors.
"Most of the guests are Arabs and they demanded an Israeli code deletion," Lanzmans quotes a hotel worker's explanation.
According to Suddeutsche Zeitung, the Israeli ambassador to Germany, Jakov Hadas-Handelsmann, had called the case "a great shame."
We are surprised and shocked by this incident.
That in itself is a great shame.
And the fact that this has happened directly in Germany, it is in this hotel network that there is even more humiliation.
There is no need for clarification.
The official said: "we expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions."
This event also gained quite broad resonance on the internet, where people called it a scandal.
Others believe the Kempinski hotel was simply indulged by Arab customers.
Another recording heralded "shame," suggesting that the hotel is in Kurfurstendamm Street next to the synagogai.
According to Der Spiegel, the hotel itself quickly rejected all the rebuke, saying it was all "a misunderstanding" and apologised to Lancmani.
"There has never been a direct order to remove Israel from the list of national numbers," Suddeutsche Zeitung quotes Kempinski's representative.
And adds that the code was once again added to the list.
Police use rubber bullets and tear gas against protesting Brazilian students.
The student and police clash took place on Thursday in Sao Paulo in Brazil, where students rallied against the government's education reforms.
Police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students.
The problems began when law enforcement tried to drain the students, resulting in police use of rubber bullets and tear gas.
Hundreds of students attended the demonstration to show their reluctance to reform the education system.
Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmina's proposal includes the closure of nearly 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be moved to other schools with the intention of saving funds.
Some demonstrators note the walls of graffiti with messages against interim president Michael Temer.
This protest came just days after the previous protest, when students gathered in demonstrations with the aim of expressing support for the dismissal of President Dilmai Rousefai, whose impeachment was voted by the senate.
Scott Kallums Skiners finish first, bringing Britain a gold medal for cycling
Kallums Skiners from Scotland's first male cycling team sprinter in the Rio velodrom race, which took place last night, protected the British team for the title they won at the 2012 London Games.
The 23-year-old sportsman from Gsgow played an important role in the race, making the legendary Scottish Seru pitted and favourites to win favourites in New Zealand.
Four years ago, Britain was in the midst of a shocking victory, with Hury pairing the fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they also repeated the World Cup in London, despite the fact that HOJS had already finished his Coyotes career.
The problems began when the Beijing and London Olympics had to replace experienced starting specialist Jamie Stafu.
They did it at the last minute.
Hoja's leave also gave rise to a vacancy sought by Kians Emadi and Mets Kramptons.
The hopes of British coaches were at stake for Skiner, spotting his potential, which he later also fulfilled.
Hindes, Kenny - the defending champions four years ago with Hoju and Skiners, who set the record for Olympic qualifying, but the race was better launched by the New Zealand team.
But the British trio still won gold medals.
Hindes after his circle was haunted, Kenny took the lead and the Skiners defended this lead.
The change in strategy played an important role in the win, with Hindesam driving with more gear to allow Kane and especially Skinert to drive faster.
HOJS watched the race as a BBC representative and caught on Skinera, Kenya and Hindesa in eye sights when they were getting on the podium.
The 23-year-old Glasgow said: "it was an accolade."
I do what I can and defend my name.
We set the Olympic record and beat the World champions.
It was just unbelievable.
There are no better victories.
After winning with Kenya and Hoju at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Hindes admitted to having deliberately fallen on the runs after the foiled launch.
He later refuted this comment and the British rivals were not in the grasp of proving his earlier veracity.
There were no such incidents in this win.
Hindes said: "with all the British flags in the stands, the feeling was like London."
In the last 3 months we all became a team.
We've lost so many World championships, so winning the Olympic Games was really something special.
One medal in one race in a state that won seven of the 10 gold medals in Beijing and London.
If this achievement is our last five-month rate of progress, then the next five days will be very exciting.
With the performance shown by Kenny, a repeat of Hoja's three Olympic gold is far from impossible.
It would mean six fought gold and one silver medal. In addition, Kenny was born on 23 March (it looks like it is the British holy date, because on this day there are also Steve Regreivs, Mo Farahs and Roger Banisters).
This date is also born in HOJS.
Kenya's next race is a sprint, which begins today and will continue for the next three days.
The 28-year-old sportsman from Bolton said: "at the moment I just pack it all.
The team's journey is always the best.
Because then you can win with members of the team.
To be honest, then win one is a little lonely. '
Hindes said: "if he gets two more gold medals, he should be appointed by the Knights."
On that day it was the only battle for medals, but they were not the only good news for Britain.
Sir Bredfish Vigins, Eds Klensy, Steve Burks and Oveins Douls recorded the fastest qualifying time of four kilometers.
Their time was 3: 51.943
The world record, which was installed in London in 2012, is 3: 51.659.
The first round and final will take place today in the second half of the day, where Vigins, surely, will be in the spotlight.
Yesterday before the qualifying trip he had a disagreement with the Commissioner when the judges summoned him to measure his height.
The women's journey, which will continue and will close today, Laura Trota, Danna Rovsela Sanda, Elinora Barkere and Katie Arčibalda from Milngavia set a new record of 4: 13.260.
The British delegation is now relying on his cycling team to win a medal at the middle of the Olipic Games.
After a really brilliant and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London, everyone is expecting the same achievements in Rio.
In the meantime, the scenes have gone mixed, after allegations of sexism and dignity, resigned technical director Saton Sheen, as well as retired Hoja and Victoria Bendleton.
But now that the first velodroma race begins, it's starting to look like the British as usual will get when it's needed most.
The future of Portland is becoming uncertain when an ambitious treaty is terminated.
Aluminium smelters and the future of hundreds of its workers in Portland, Victoria, have become uncertain when the energy company, which was its main kliente, announced a cessation of cooperation.
This announcement follows the Government of Victoria's plans to end the energy company's subsidies, which is vital for the company to continue its work.
20 years of subsidies will be suspended in November.
Consequently, more than 2,000 Portland factory jobs are now at risk.
Up to 2000 both direct and indirect jobs could be at risk.
In addition, it would also have unintended side effects, as the smelter consumes about 10 per cent of all electricity in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa shut the Point Henry smelter, which led to the Angleseas power plant's break.
Portland's Alkoas smelter works at a loss and could be shut down.
These events have been followed by years of speculation about the rising value of the Australian dollar and the cost of factory production.
The plant's energy supplier AGL, which supplies energy from its Loy Yang A power station in the Latroubes Valley, says it is likely the other three owners will stop their contracts.
Most of the power plants are owned by two companies - Alco and Alumia, in addition to parts of the company there including Chinese CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding company.
"AGL is hoping for a continuation of the Portland plant, which would mean a further energy supply smelter," its spokesman said.
AGL said in a statement that the contracts are so-called "risk restrictive contrasts," which are expected to take effect from November 2016.
Contracts shall have a period of validity of 12 months and will therefore be valid until 2017.
"AGL expects these contrasts will continue to bring income also in fiscal year 2017," the spokesman said.
From FG18, potential income threats are limited to a favourable wholesale energy market for future prices.
AGL argues that its forecasts have already accounted for losses of $187 million, providing that these contracts will be disrupted.
Alcoa says the decision to end the contracts will not affect Alcoa's ability to continue the smelter activity or supply it with energy.
The US company said in 2010 it had signed a contract with Loy Yang for 20 years, but in November it will be suspended; the company has not provided explanations for why it will cease cooperation.
Analysts have raised concerns both about the possible closure of Portland smelters in Victoria, with the closure of the Tomago factory near Newcastle, due to adverse situations in the industry.
AGL Chief Executive Steven Mikelsons said last week that after analysts estimate Portland's annual spending of 600 megawatus and Tomago 900 megawatus of energy.
If these two factories pull out of the energy market, this means a significant reduction in energy demand.
And that would not be good at all.
The legal centre is rejected by 160,000 people every year.
More than 160 000 people are rejected every year, with a reduction in the budget, the situation could deteriorate.
Three out of five people in Queensland - mostly pensioners, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the means to fight illegal eviction, are denied free legal aid and representation.
The legal centre, which is already being overloaded, warns that a reduction in funding will only make things worse.
From next June, these legal centres will receive 30% less funding than in the past.
Director of the Queensland Legal Centre, James Farels, said that the latest report by the National Legal Centre, the Association of Law Enforcement, said that legal aid is now being denied to thousands of people in need.
Mistrs Farels said if this decision is not lifted, then the situation will only become worse.
He also said: "the Queensland legal centre is consistently underfunded, meaning that aid is being denied to thousands of people in need."
For people trying to put an end to abusive relationships, people with deep debts, families who are going through a divorce, workers who are unfairly dismissed - all these people have legal problems and this report shows that they are not getting the help they need.
As of June 2017 the federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent, meaning that thousands more Queensland residents will have to address their complex legal problems without help.
We call on Attorney General and Queensland Senators George Brandisu to immediately halt funding cuts to people in need of legal aid, it could be obtained.
Last year, the government unveiled its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to draw attention to the needs of the local communes and their clients and to the Palazchuka government to invest in this important area.
Donald Trump's campaign is sued because a member of staff has been put on a firearm
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been sued because it had not acted, with information that its North Carolina operations manager opened a firearm against a staff member, kadr they travelled in February in one car.
This incident was described in a court summons filed Wednesday by the Hornets Court, filed by Vincent Bordini - a former campaign programmer.
Bordini has said he has waited months for this case to be handled inside the campaign until it is understood that this would not happen.
Chief executive Earls Philip "pulled the pistol, put his good collar on the bright spot and opened the barrel against the Vincenta knee," Bordini said in his complaint.
He also said in a statement after complaints filed by the guest and regional campaign management, Bordini learned that other people had witnessed such events.
"Guns do not need to be fired to cause damage," Bordini said in his complaint.
Just two days before the submission of the case, the Republican presidential candidate caused the scandal by notifying people that "Second Amendment people," i.e. gun owners and enthusiasts, could act in the event of a win by his rival Hillary Clinton and elected justices.
Trump's campaign said in a statement that the media is extracting his words out of context and that he never fomented any violence.
Bordini, with his claim, wants to recover compensation from campaigns for careless supervision and from Filipsa - for assault, unlawful use of weapon and emotional stress.
Trump spokesman Houps Hiks did not immediately reply or comment.
Attempts to contact Filip are not successful.
WCCB - The Hornets local news agency reports that Philip Hammond has recently left the campaign.
Tiept failed to call his advisory firm "innovative Consultation Services."
Republican candidate Donald Trump is unbeaten in the entire controversial election campaign.
Case Bordini v Donald J. Trump For Presidents Inc. 16-CS-14300, Chief Justice, Mecklenburg (Hornets) Supreme Court of Justice.
A new tradition: a parish and sporting celebration in Cologne.
On Saturday, for the first time, people gathered in the parish and sporting celebrations.
After a decade of celebration this time, it was decided that the lake would no longer be festive.
A new chapter has now been broken.
The day began with sports tournaments.
This time, the race was not traditional and too serious, because, for example, the rifts were throwing a lying target, boots flew, with the man's left hand mests, the 'bumper' has not been at all at the Olympics.
However, each participant was able to show how strong, brave, dodgy and resourceful he is.
The baseball games all gathered in an open-air universe, where the celebration began.
In the meantime, there was also a 'children's corner', where small people were able to break up and get a new image.
The novelty, which could also become a tradition, was a parade, which went both tractors and motorcycles.
We all spoke to the head of the city of Cologne, who wished a nice rest and dry time, but it was not enough to interfere with it.
The celebration continued with the plight of the youngest residents of Cologne.
It is really good that the carpet is compounded by five girls and one guy.
The live performances of the helmets had arrived in amateur art collectively from the Engures into the county - the audience very much enjoyed the senioru dance sets of "autumn ritmi," a different nation of dancing performers in "Redas" and youth dancer "Golden pearls" performances.
And never mind that on the wet stage what happened would also slip.
Of course, the local people and the villages were happy to see the famous actors, John Jarane and Dainis Porgants, who once again had a Mildim Nabim and Cash, as well as Burzvillam's wives from the fisherman's backyard.
Balli played a group of "rubble."
Britain must maintain the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow.
Heathrow will not only boost prosperity and growth in local regions and London, but also across the country.
This, in my opinion, made Heathrow very attractive, just as it did with London in 2012, where we made a huge effort to benefit all regions of the country from the Olympic Games.
Stratford and Short won an awful lot from the Olympics.
And we will do it again by providing local people and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow.
Locally, we will create 10,000 new business opportunities, 40 000 new jobs and finally put an end to youth unemployment around Heathrow.
Just as it was at the London Olympic Games in 2012, this time, too, there will be people who believe that this challenge is too high and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious.
People said that Britain will never prepare for the Olympics and that it will be a global failure.
The sceptics were wrong about 2012 and also at Heathrow they will not be right.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow has so far overcome everything.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project that will benefit the whole of society rather than individual individuals.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, €211 billion in economic growth, paving the way for both employment and experience at this airport and across Britain.
At Heathrow we have a great team that has created 11 billion pounds worth of infrastructure investment programs that fit into the time frame and budget from the terminal at 5, which five years from the site has been named the best airport terminal in the world and is finally built between two more intensively used runways in the world.
They are now poised to create a third runway, which will be funded by private investment of £16 billion.
The 2012 London Olympic Games was a great success and I am sure there will also be an expansion of Heathrow.
It is time for us to revive their Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, ensuring the future of our trade and creating a new environment with employment, which Britain could be proud of.
Lord Paul Deitons is a member of the Heathrow Executive Board and former commercial secretary of the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
In Switzerland a woman run on a motorway in an attempt to commit suicide.
Injured in the middle of the night on the motorway.
Police are trying to find witnesses during the early hours of Thursday morning on the motorway she was crossing over several cars.
The incident took place on Thursday just after midnight on the A1 road near the town of Morges in the canton of Vo.
The VO canton polation report says that in a desperate desire to commit suicide, the woman was mastered on the road in the dark, where several cars drove him.
In a clear attempt to kill himself, the victim, a 49-year-old porter, drove several cars, including a heavy machine.
She died at the scene.
A number of drivers involved in the accident have already given evidence, while others involved have not yet been cleared, say police, who are calling for the involvement of drivers involved in the incident and witnesses.
The case has also been launched in a criminal investigation, which in this case is a logical step, told Le Tribune de Geneve, a lawyer for Gilles Hofsteller.
However, it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be punished.
Was it possible to avoid a collision?
Hofstetters adds: "to clarify it is a prosecutor."
Two similar cases that have occurred over the past 5 years show that none of the drivers will be brought to justice.
In both cases, the pedestrian was left out on a motorway in the middle of the night, so it was decided that drivers could not predict that in the middle of the night the motorway would be a pedestrian, the newspaper reported.
Last year, a policewoman was acquitted of killing recklessly when in August 2014 she drove a man who was lying in the middle of the night on the A1 road near Paijernes.
The court found that the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and later noticed to sleep on the road.
The court concluded that the policewoman, who was en route to the scene of the accident, was driving conditions in an appropriate way and the judge said the sleeping man on the road was "completely unpredictable and exceptional."
Anyone with information about the incident on Thursday near Morges, is asked to contact police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Signatures are collected on the Internet for the holding of a new head of the Revenue Service.
The petition "Avaaz.org" launched an online petition for the holding of a new State Revenue Service (SRS) contest.
The petition, addressed to the National Farmers Association (NA) and Greens and Farmers Ministers, states that the public wants a transparent and professional nominating process.
The petition was set up on 10 August and is currently signed by 55 people.
The office of the Director General of the Revenue Service, Ingas, is untransparent and unprofessional.
This brings to mind the best functional traditions of the Soviet Union.
It discredits the public administration and once again leads the public to disappoint the government and the politician.
"There needs to be a competition with clear criteria against which all candidates should be assessed," according to the text of the petition.
Its author, John B., has indicated that the public is not aware of the criteria as selected for the post.
It was also not clear what the candidate's intentions are for the Revenue Service.
The petition states that the State Clerk should form a new, open competition in which professional candidates are actively recruited, recruited by specialist staff and offered adequate remuneration.
Finance Minister Dana Reiznier-Ozola last week formally nominated the head of the Korean Revenue Service, this week the government was expected to endorse him in his new position, but all the party's Unity ministers voted against, so the issue of the week was postponed.
Samoilovs: if we lost, so I played badly.
Beach volleyball Alexander Samoilovs and John Schdding have hoped for an award at the Rio Olympics, however, without being in front of them, there is no difference in the place to finish the race, after an exit from Doug Samoilov.
One of the world's most powerful beach volleyball couples on Thursday's semi-final and the crucial semi-final game with 1-2 (16: 21, 22: 20, 7: 15) lost to Brazilians co-star Oliveiru Oliveiru and Pear Solbergam to wind up their participation in the four-year-old major sports forum.
In three straight games the athletes scored one win, but the same ratio was two more couples.
Below is a small ratio of three pairs, which, in the aftermath of this match, was the most disadvantaged in the Latvian duetam.
"We were at the top of the game, but from 16: 15 it went to 16 points."
I do not even know how the remainder of Seta went without scoring.
It should not play.
Then the second set was fine and Seti was able to break the game, and it should have been a good basis for the third set.
It started in a similar way, but once the parties were moving, the result grew to just one team.
We had too many mistakes in attack.
In Benfica, all of the teams were similar, almost all of the matches were three seti, so the importance was small points.
"The play should have been more helpful, not to repeatedly return 3-4 points in a row," the sportsman said.
I knew that Evanar could be put on fire.
"The first set was with it, the second one came in 1-2 points, but the third at + 4 has already left him a game," he recalled.
Tried to show the best game.
Moments came, moments No.
The striker did not look before the match but was known to have had as many small points as possible.
"If we lost, so I played badly," Samoilov said.
The Evanar was expecting good Marin and with it in the first half they also coped pretty well, but in the third he clicked serve and it was difficult to build an attack.
For my part, I made a lot of mistake directly at the Pear serves, but it had to be dealt with.
Samoilov told us that, contrary to the previous match today, the athletes were not nervous.
"We went, we played, the defence was there, but there should have been a better reception," said the sportsman.
"They played well at the end and got to the" urra. "
Before the semi-final we immediately said that the lotteries are the most awkward of what might have been.
We also had the chance to fight for first place, but we were not even out of the group.
"All of us were waiting for the medal and also we were out of the trail, but then there's no difference - the 25th or the fourth," said Samoilov, who predicted the pair would continue to play together in the future.
I think the question won't and will continue to play together because this is just one tournament.
Samoilovam was in Rio for the third Olympics in 2008, as he was in Beijing in 2008 with Mark Pelavid, but four years ago in London played alongside Ruslanu Sorokina.
In the meantime, this was the second start in Olimpiad.
It also follows the process of opening up the gas market from a potential trader's position.
National energy company Latvenergo is following the process of opening up the gas market from both the consumer and the potential position of the trader, said company spokeswoman Ivita Bidere.
"The decision as to whether the gas market will join the gas market as a trader will determine how the gas market model and the legal framework will be established."
"That is why, for my part, we are actively involved in creating and commenting on legislation and presenting our proposals," Bidere said.
BNS has already wrote that the Ministry of the Economy (MS), in cooperation with the Public Services Commission and energy company Gase, developed a draft regulation on "Natural gas marketing and use rules" that will change the functioning of the existing natural gas market, ensuring the freedom to choose natural gas traders from 3 April 2017.
While working on the new regulation of the natural gas market, MS aims to make the natural gas trading process as simple and user-friendly as possible.
It is therefore the most effective and user-friendly solution chosen for the "trader's central model," in which all activities relating to customer service are provided by the trader, one contract, one invoice and a single information and customer service location, leaving the technical issues of the distribution system to the distribution system operator.
A similar solution is currently being implemented in the electricity trade.
They recall that the gradual opening of the market for domestic users, also after 3 April 2017, will allow household customers who will not want to choose another natural gas trader to continue to receive natural gas from the current trader at a regulated price, thus becoming associated users.
"In this case, the obligation to supply natural gas-related users at a regulated price is determined by the public trader," the ministry said.
On the other hand, economic operators will have to choose a natural gas trader to close the natural gas trade agreement.
Until the conclusion of a natural gas trade agreement, the natural gas trader will provide the outgoing natural gas trader for a fixed price.
The draft regulation sets out in detail the rights and obligations of the natural gas trader, system operator and users.
The rules lay down the arrangements for the supply of natural gas to end-users, the safe use of the natural gas system, the rights of the trader, the public trader, the system operator, the user and the supply of natural gas for the supply of natural gas; the order in which the supply of natural gas is provided by the public trader.
In the morning since June, the sites were temporarily raining.
Friday's sunrise temperatures in almost the whole of the UK are + 6. + 9 degrees, two on the night MursHorn recorded + 4.7 degrees, which is the lowest mark since 14 June, according to the Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
Just over + 10 degrees of temperatures remained overnight in Liepaja.
The amount of cloud in the country as a whole is small, the places are temporarily raining, stronger in Kurzeme and North Midland.
Blowing a slow southerly wind.
In six morning, the air cooled to + 8. + 9 degrees at the international airport to + 6 degrees.
Blowing south, southeast winds 3-5 metres per second.
The maximum temperature for Thursday's Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center Observation Network was up from + 15.2 degrees to reorganize to + 19.9 degrees in debates.
On Friday the sun will love the clouds.
Friday's will be relatively sunshine, gub clouds of places will bring a short-lived case.
By dominating the moderate western wind, the air will warm up to + 17. + 20 degrees.
In what cloud spots can bring a small short-term case, the sun air to warm up to + 19 degrees.
The weather is determined by the anticiclona branch, the atmospheric pressure of the 761-764 mercury staba millimetre at sea level.
The highest temperature in Europe on 11 August was + 38. + 39 degrees in Spain, Greece and Cyprus.
The temperature overnight of -3.. -8 degrees in the mountains of northern and central Europe.
The tabloid is held by an armed man and an armed man.
State Police (State Police) on Friday detained Assazia's bulb and an armed man, State Police spokeswoman Gita Gžibovska said.
The State Police received information about the walking of an inadequate man in Assazia, who is armed with a gun and looks heavily drunk.
The carriage, which went on call, was hit by a car accident and the man arrested another carriage.
The man was found with a gas weapon.
It has been reported on Friday, in a rush to the call, the heart of the State Police (State Police) machine.
The accident happened by driving a category A call or going to prevent a situation in which human health or life is at risk.
However, in the corner of Barona and Dzirnavu Street there has been a collision with a passenger car.
Minister: next week is expected to rule on the Revenue Service's general pay increase.
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola (Greens / Farmers) will next week plan with the Prime Minister (Greens / Farmers) and the government's coalition partners to talk about the State Revenue Service's pay increase.
Reizniece-Ozola told reporters on Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the Director General of the Revenue Service should be addressed urgently in order to make it more attractive to potential re-bidders.
Just next week we will be talking about changing the terms of the contest.
The minister also insisted she did not think of any particular candidate to address the claim to the vacant post.
At the same time, Reizniece-Ozola argued that the head of the National Environment Service had been a good director general of the Revenue Service.
On the other hand, as regards the current head of the Revenue Service, the head of the Revenue Service, which expressed his readiness to claim the post, said that the new Director General of the Revenue Service should be "an outsider" and should not come from the Revenue Service.
She also said that it was waiting for the Saeima to return as soon as possible to the legislative amendments necessary for the reorganisation of the Revenue Service.
BNS, the head of the National Environment Service, has reported to Finance Minister Inga Kokego (Greens / Farmers), who submitted an application to withdraw his candidacy to the Director General of the Revenue Service.
In a submission she expressed that it was not an easy choice, but over the past two weeks her relatives have experienced serious emotional pressure, despite not having made any acts of reprehensible acts.
He also said that the discussion of her candidacy has led to controversy among the ruling coalition parties, which is also unacceptable.
It was also reported that the previous Director General of the Revenue Service at the end of June left office.
Oil prices continue to climbing; stock exchanges are rising in the US and Europe, as well as the value of the US dollar.
Global oil prices continued to rise on Friday morning, with investor sentiment having a positive impact on statements by Saudi Arabia's oil affairs minister, which reinforces expectations that major oil producer countries will take action in September to stabilize the global oil market.
The three main U.S. stock exchange indices reached a record high on Thursday, which had not been observed since 1999.
The main positive factor in the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies.
The rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several companies on Thursday were also due to a rise in the European stock exchange index.
The US dollar rose on Thursday against the euro, against the British pound and against the Japanese yen.
The New York Stock Exchange electronic trading mark for WTI crude oil supplies in September rose $1.78 to $43,49 a barrel.
"Brent" marking the price of crude oil supplies in October, the London exchange rose $1.99 to $46,04 a barrel.
The canning manufacturer's "blue lagoons" sales last year declines by 33.8 per cent.
The canning producer's blue lagoons had a turnover of 4,202 million last year, down 33.8 percent from a year earlier, while the company's losses fell 5.7 times - to 904.7 thousand, according to a database published by Lursoft's annual financial report.
The company's management report said that in 2015 the company was dealing with losses incurred for a number of reasons, including the ongoing lack of working resources caused by UniCredit Bank's departure from the Baltic market, ending the previously existing credit line and leaving "Blue marsh" with open contracts without the possibility of implementing them.
Consequently, the company did not have sufficient resources to buy cheaper raw materials on a large scale and get a discount.
The bank's departure from the Latvian market also prevented the company from implementing support projects from the European Union Structural Funds, which would have allowed the plant to purchase new production equipment and modernise infrastructure.
Similarly, the company's financial creators were adversely affected by the rise in commodity prices and the reluctance of customers to pay more for the goods produced by the company.
"Only in the second half of July 2016 customers admitted price changes and were willing to buy items on the new - highest - prices," the company said in a statement.
Similarly, in 2015, "blue lagoons" began discussions with potential investors, including the valuation of the company's movable and immovable property.
Investors have already been at the company's largest creditor, "UniCredit Leasing," where the parties are familiar with and negotiated possible investment plans.
At the same time, the company's operation and development had a positive impact on the implementation of the restructuring and optimisation plan launched in 2014 and 2015.
This included the improvement and optimisation of technological processes, which make it possible to achieve higher production productivity and capacity.
"A number of facilities were bought that provide higher production speeds," the company said.
The "blue lagoons" management notes that the equipment purchased in 2016 will enable the company to carry out orders that were not possible until now.
The first production party, which will be produced on this equipment, will be ready in August.
As the protocols on the sale of the product have already been signed, all production will be sold in accordance with the intention of protocols.
The new product will increase turnover by about €300 a month, "the company said in a statement.
The company also plans in August 2016 to sign a cooperation agreement on supplies of fish products to Iraq.
"Blue lagoons" 2016 has sent the first experimental container to Israel, expanded the outlet to Cyprus and will sign a cooperation agreement in September this year with a new supermarket chain in the US.
As a result of all the above measures, the company plans to increase turnover.
In 2014, "blue lagoons" worked with a turnover of EUR 6,347 million and a loss of €5.113 million.
"Blue lagoons" is founded in 1997 and its equity capital is €1,156 million.
The company is owned by two Latvian individuals - Mihailam Kaidanovam (89,11%) and Igoram Siršonam (10.89%).
Welcome to pl. 15 at the museum to expect Hollywood to attend Leanderi and take part in a news conference.
Riga can be seen in the god cinema of Zar Leanderes's early career and inspiration for the city.
The village of Zar Lenderes at the intersection of Rutas, who was a Swedish Ambassador to Latvia, turned fatal in 1924, as she discovered the Zar Leanderes woman's unusual low contralt, which she tried to debiting on the cabre's theatre scene.
Perhaps the inadvertent hassle in Vancouver became a fateful U-turn in the Zar's creative path towards the world's slap.
Leanderei linked him to the warm memories, and she hoped to come to Riga, but unfortunately these expectations were not destined to come to fruition since the Second World War began.
Through the shapes of the play, this meeting will be possible in the festivities of 2016 and the excellent Zar Leanderes role will feel the great Ieva Kerevica.
The Aglon metropolitan area set widespread traffic restrictions.
In order to ensure the safety of the Visholy Virgin Mary in the sky the safety of the holiday participants will be closed at 5 p.m. from 12 August to 15 August at 6pm on a number of public roads around Aglon, according to the PLC's National roads.
Aglon festivities and public transport will not be covered by these restrictions.
It should be taken into account that the P62 Paine-Premium-Madona Motorway from Paine to Paine station (0.8-4,00km) will be able to cross only public transport and pedestrians at the Aglon festivities.
Other road users will have traffic on the road - the scheme in the attached file.
Traditionally, these celebrations come in a large number of participants, including pilgrims.
Therefore, motorists should be particularly careful, as there will be intense pedestrian movement on different road routes.
We call on drivers to raise awareness of traffic restrictions, to respect traffic organisation arrangements, and to count on a possible longer journey time.
Water temperatures in all water bodies have dropped below + 20 degrees.
With the vein of time, water temperatures continue to fall, and currently in all rivers and lakes, as well as at sea it is below + 20 degrees, according to the Environment, Geology and Meteorology Center.
In the sea, water cooled to + 16. + 18 degrees, the Gulf's west coast wind is affected by water temperature spots creeping up to + 13 degrees in Roja at times of up to + 9 degrees.
In the river and Daugava, as well as large lakes, the water temperature is + 18. + 20 degrees, in other water bodies + 14. + 19 degrees.
A year ago, water temperatures in rivers and lakes peaked at + 24. + 25 degrees, the Bay's south coast was up to + 22 degrees in warm water.
The border nearby identified a Russian army plane.
At the border's proximity to the identified Russian military aircraft, the agency became aware of the national armed forces.
The defense said on Friday that the patrol aircraft over Baltic Sea neutral waters at the Latvian territorial sea border have been identified by the Russian armed forces' IL-20 aircraft.
The agency BNS has repeatedly said that Russian military aircraft and naval vessels at UK borders are being detected on a regular basis.
The entertainment park in England had a sexual assault on two children.
The English city of Berkshire police are searching for the attacker, who in the entertainment park "Legoland" sexually abused two six-year-old girls, according to the Daily Mail.
Police have asked parents to explore photos of the entertainment park as possible in those seen in the attacker.
The girls told them about the machete's parents.
The man has been girls of unknown, white skin colour and about 20 years old.
Kurdish activists occupy the German public broadcaster's buildings.
The 30-year-old large Kurdish group on Thursday night captured the public broadcaster WDR building in Düsseldorf, where it held nearly two hours of protests, German police said.
The demonstrators, who came with the posters, chanted a variety of slogans trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey.
According to officials, the demonstration was generally peaceful and the protesters, at the request of the staff, eventually left the building voluntarily.
The insurer paid compensation at the airport on Wednesday for cancelled flight passengers.
If Insurance has paid a travel insurance fee to a family on Wednesday, August 10 at the airport's cancelled flight, which led to the cancellation of the contemplated visit to the music festival.
On 11 August, an application for compensation was received from a client.
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium, but as the airport cancelled on Wednesday because of cancelled flights, it was not possible for a customer to be reimbursed for accommodation bookings, which could no longer be cancelled, as well as on purchased festival tickets of €204.
While the plane's tickets spent money, customers have promised to make amends to the airline.
If the reimbursement of all travel insurance claims, on average, 15% of cases have been compensated for the interruption or cancellation of the trip.
"On such occasions, expenses are reimbursed for the purchase, return or exchange of tickets, as well as on accommodation bookings," says If Insurance, the risk of insurance product manager Dagnija Rutka.
As you know, on the evening of 10 August, a private plane stopped at the airport's runway due to technical problems, and therefore only cancelled several departing flights, but several incoming flights had to be diverted to other airports.
A neighbour's repair led to a man being pushed off the ceiling and forced to leave the house.
LTV's 4.studio programme turned to Dmitry Saidjašv, whose neighbor held a capitalization in his apartment, and Dmitri has since slipped from the ceiling gloomy and unconvinced that a stay in the apartment is safe.
The problem is that my neighbours carried out arbitrary construction and my apartment has a damaged ceiling.
Then I informed the construction board, the House manager and other organisations.
The Construction Board has said that we are not an operational service and we have no expert.
"The owner of the apartment must go to the UK Engineer Union, and from there there will be an expert," Dmitry says.
The guest expert arrived, restraining a machete and admitted that Shelter was in unsatisfactory condition.
But since the first Dmitri application to the construction board passed the month, and by the start of this week it also failed to respond to whether the location of the apartment is not life-threatening.
The Public Board said - such is the legislation, wait, if you are not satisfied, to write to everyone in a row.
"Then I wrote to Riga City Council, but they transferred the House manager, then the House manager again to the building board, and then there is a stalemate," Dmitry says.
After hearing all the stacks of paper it is clear that construction works have stopped, some flashes can be heard saying that someone is working there.
A further two months is said to undergo expertise and within six months the owner of the apartment, who is carrying out repairs, said all these defects had to be prevented.
The independent expert has drafted its opinion, but the construction board considers it incomplete and superficial.
The expert has not indicated whether the metal režiment has been raised in this Patric design, so there is no certainty that the lower owner of the apartment is being threatened.
"That's why we have requested an additional explanation from this expert," the city's construction board spokeswoman Ilze Žuka said.
Despite the ban on carrying out any renovations in the upper apartment, from there it is increasingly heard that construction continues.
The punishment for arbitrary construction without building permits is between 70 and 700, but in a given case the penalty can be far harsher.
While an expert opinion is expected, the construction board has taken the decision that both apartments should not be operated - both in the form of construction work, and a flat.
"This is an unprecedented case for the construction board when, in this way, their ignorance, or simply a reluctance on the part of the population, may have created a threat not only to their ownership, but also to the lower property owner, as a result of which the owner cannot operate their property," a construction board spokeswoman said.
Dmitri now postpones the search for another place to live - in front of relatives, friends, a hotel or the rent of another flat.
But the resulting losses to Dmitry may seek to recover from a neighbour's civil ballot, which can take a lot of time.
The arbitrary construction of both apartments to stay is currently forbidden until the engineer will make its findings, and may have to wait up to three weeks.
The damage incurred will be borne by the owner of the apartment in which the repairs took place.
The owner of this apartment, because the construction board has not taken into account, also faces a prison sentence of up to six months.
Uzmini!
How many mills in this picture?
The correct answer: five.
In Ukraine the Demidovas zoo near Kiev was born to five white yards.
Everyone feels good and sometimes it's common, despite the fact that a common juvenile is fed.
The transformation of the former Kemer sanatories into a five-star hotel will cost 22 million.
The transformation of the former Kemeru sanatories into a five-star hotel, "Park Hotel Kemeri" will cost €22 million, according to a spokeswoman for the future hotel manager at the Park Hotel, Gita Želve.
The creation of a hotel is the first stage in the reconstruction of the former sanatories.
The second stage will be a "wellness" or well-being clinic, which is expected to be detected in 2022, while a hotel sitting is scheduled for May 2018.
Želve notes that the exact costs of the clinics are not yet known.
But she points out that it will be located in the former resort of the Cologne resort, which has an area of about 12,000 square metres.
The clinic will be deployed on three floors.
The Park Hotel and the intended owner of the clinics are international fund G Capital Europe, which invests in European assets.
"G Capital Europe" is owned by a number of investors who are investing money in the fund, according to Želve.
As previously said by the chief executive of G Capital Europe, George Jones, the former resort is expected to invest €12 to €15 million, with a total investment of over €30 million.
More than 42 hectares have already been destroyed as a result of the renovation of more than 42 hectares, the construction of an interactive nature tourist site, refurbishing and parking areas, which will contribute €14.5 million from European Union funds to €14.5 million.
The design works by mid-2017, but construction and tidying work will begin next autumn.
As reported, the historic sanatories complex "Kemeri" is expected to build a five-star hotel called "Park Hotel Kemeri" and "wellness" or well-being clinics.
However, the reconstruction was protracted.
However, in the 2010 review, it was still alleged that "Ominasis" is regularly communicating with the hotel operator "Kempinski," which continues to provide day-to-day technical control in the sanatoria of "Kemeri," and the preparations for the opening of "Kempinski" in the Kempinski chain will be completed immediately.
In October 2014, its willingness to buy the insolvent "Ominasis Latvia" property package at the auction showed "Park Hotel Kemeri," but a month later the auction was recognised as a failure because the winner had not paid for the purchase in due course.
The sale price was set in line with the last missed auction price of 2.86 million.
As LETA was informed by town hall spokeswoman Aile Aile, the local government, with the signing of the protocol, confirmed that, with the support of the European Union's Structural Fund co-financing, there will be an update to the historic Cologne park, create an interactive nature tourist site, link roads and car parks.
The president of the opera singer Antodenko will be awarded the Order of Episode.
President Raimonds Vejonis will be nominated by President Raimonds Vejonis on Wednesday 16 August.
The three Episode Order ceremony will take place at Melnhead House at 1 p.m.
According to the information provided by the Latvian National Opera and Ballet (LNOB), Antonenko graduated from the College of Music College in 1998, where he learned the game and singing at Margaritas.
Studied by Casey Music's Music Academy in the Armada Lustes class.
While in 1997 he was singing in the National Opera's chorus, but in 1998 the Oberto played the role of the G.F.Hendeen opera "Alchina."
He received the "Great Music Award 2003" on the vocal performances of the opera and Verdi Requiem.
Notes that the 2004 / 2005 season has become the world's most recognized tenor, which has an angaze at the top of the world's opertheatres.
Since the autumn of 2004 he was singing "Düsseldorf Deutsche Oper am Rhein," Berlin and Graz performs, mocked "Semperoper," in Oslo and Stockholm's Royal Opera, at the Vienna State Opera, and at Geneva, Dresden and Düsseldorf and Salzburg.
Antojenko was crowned with big success in the Metropolitan Opera in the role of "Nout."
Meanwhile, Robbie Antokenko, with Ricardo gag and Chicago's symphony orchestra, sang "Othello" at the Paris opera, the Koventgar Opera, he sang a 16-year-old "Meitené of the West" in Stockholm.
A year later, Antodenko sang the big success of Othello's role at London's Koventgar Opera.
Former NATO commander Briedlova's email hacked Russian hackers.
Hackers who hacked in the US National Committee (DNC) computers may have carried out several other cyber attacks, including a hacked NATO European force, former Commander Philip Briedlova e-mail and George Soros' Open Society server, the Bloomberg news agency reported Thursday.
Hackers obtained the information published on the website "DCLeaks.com."
Among other things, there was also Briedlova's correspondence and details of the work of the Soros Institute.
Hakers Institute computers have been available for a year.
According to Bloomberg reports, these cyber attacks have been carried out by the same hackers linked to the Russian specservices that hacked the DNC emails.
The Wall Street Journal in turn reports that the Obama administration is now examining the issue of imposing new sanctions on Russia in response to the DNC's computer hacking.
To impose sanctions, the administration will officially cyberattack the Democratic Party's servers to sue Russia or the hackers supported by the Russian authorities.
As reported, WikiLeaks released about 20,000 emails in July, which was obtained from the DNC computer system and from which the Democratic Party leaders tried to stab Hillary Clinton's former rival Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders's campaign for the Democratic nomination in the presidential election.
As reported by US press sources, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which conducts a Democratic server investigation, and other U.S. special services believe Russia's links to the cyber attack are almost beyond doubt.
McCartney: joked Ono's presence threatened The Beatles.
Paul McCartney is said to have joked that Ono's presence created the legendary Beatles' sense of danger.
The 74-year-old rock star is currently maintaining a "good" relationship with the late John Lennon's widow, but by the time she left the group to visit the recording studio, McCartney was frightened as Ono was the only female member of the group - George Harrison, Ringo Star, Lennon and McCartney - among others.
When the singer asked about the two relationships, he told Rolling Stone magazine: "they are really good."
We felt threatened at that time.
While we recorded it, she sat on the enhancers.
Most of the groups could not tolerate it.
We managed it, but not quite successfully, because we were very tight.
They were not sexist, but the girls usually did not come to the recording study, they allowed us to act.
When John started to meet up with a joke, she did not sit in the control room, but in our middle four.
A lifesaver of the "Yellow Submarine" author also admitted that it is now in regular contact with former members of the Ringo group, and from time to time confirms the record of Apple's work plans, but every step of the way, The Beatles have "finished running."
Asked whether he would still meet with the other only ever living legendary band members, McCartney told Rolling Stone magazine: "often not."
We meet in social events and in the party.
But at the meetings, I do not feel a little bit out of it.
I went from Apple during a heavy divorce.
In his place at the meetings I sent John Bradley and said: 'leave me what everyone says because I can't stand sitting at it at the table.'
It was too painful, as if to see the death of my pet.
The company now works in a way that I just listen to all the records.
I am part of the approval process.
NASA climate model: Venera has once been an inhabitable planet
Based on NASA's latest climate models, Venera has once been an inhabitable planet.
NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies has developed a model to explore the history of Venus using tools and algorithms that are also used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, whose surface is hot, focused on its lack of water and its atmosphere made up almost exclusively of carbon, used to have been the Earth in similar conditions.
Scientists have previously speculated that Venus's slow cutting speed is due to a dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulations show that Venus once had a plan, with the Earth in a similar atmosphere and it turned slowly.
The model also looks at the earlier topography of Venus.
There have been more dry areas on the planet than on Earth, but they have had enough water and geographical diversity to be able to develop life and prevent the evaporation of water.
In early Venus times, the Sun was 30 per cent brighter.
GISS model simulation of the Venus cutting model reveals that the daylight of the day on its lasts for 2 months, a press release explained to GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
The process silda the planet's surface and causes the case, which in turn consists of thick layers of clouds that act as an umbrella, protecting the planet from the solar heat.
The result is the emergence of moderate climate temperatures, which are actually a few degrees lower than the temperature on Earth today.
The model depicts the history of Venus, which has a similar evolutionary theory, developed by scientists in their hypothesis.
Although it used to be inhabitable, several billion over the years, Venera has been subject to too much heat and ultravioletajime rays.
Its oceans were burnt by ultraviolet rays.
The water completely evaporated, the pair remained confined to the plan's carbon dioxide atmosphere with a deadly greenhouse gas - Vener, as we know it today.
Scientists published the new Venus climate model results in the journal Geophysical Research letters.
Patrick Roy resigns from coaching job
On Thursday, Colorado midfielder and Hockey Operations Vice President Patrick Roy submitted his resignation as the reason for the lack of influence in the team's decision-making process.
Colorado vice president and general manager Joe Sakiks confirmed the news and said the club would immediately start looking for a new trainer.
"For the past three years I have vigorously, enthusiastically and purposefully performed my duties as head coach and vice president of Colorado Tampa operations," Roy said in his statement.
During this summer I have thought a lot about how I could improve the team's performance to give it the necessary lustre and achieve a higher level of results.
In order to achieve this, the Vice-President of the Tampa and Tampa will need to be fully aligned with the organisation's visions.
He should also be able to influence decisions relating to the team's performance.
At the moment, these conditions have not been met.
Sakiks, who hired Roju on 23 May 2013, thanked him for his contribution to the team.
Sakiks said that Patrick had informed him of his decision today.
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation and we wish him all the best in the future.
In his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014, Roy was declared the league's best trainer and won the Panthers Adamsa award.
He helped the club reach 112 points and first place in the Central division, but in the first round of the Colorado team beat Minnesota since then, the club has for two years not entered the knockout games.
Avalanche wraps up the 2015-2016 season with a 39-39-4 result and remained five points behind Wild's team without gaining Western Conference organisers for a second special call.
Hall of Fame goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cup wins - two with the Montreal Canadiens and two with the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks and postpones strike
Staff strikes on North Sea oil workers have been shelved, with both sides in the dispute reopening negotiations, according to negotiators.
From time to time, oil processing company Wood Group is holding strikes on North Sea oil rigs, which operates the company Royal Dutch Shell.
The joint statement says that Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions have agreed to resume talks on resolving the dispute.
Over the coming weeks, we have a series of full-day meetings starting early next week with the aim of re-examining the issues at stake.
The union said in a statement that their recent events, organised after more than a 25-year break, are targeting a planned pay cut of 30 per cent.
Due to negative market pressure, Wood Group this year reduced wages for North Sea workers by 9 per cent.
Back in 2014, the company cut land workers' wages by 10 per cent.
The company explains that on top of the pay cuts would allow the company to survive a market downturn.
In contrast, Shell has already reduced the wages of several thousand people and announced plans to end oil and natural gas operations in 10 countries to optimise its work in preparation for a large-scale merger deal with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to falling oil prices, with the situation further complicating Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Earlier in the week, Scottish MEP Dave Andersons met with workers' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - North Sea strike plans.
He said that the North Sea is vital to the region's economy.
In his report, he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole need an economy that benefits everyone rather than individual individuals.
In 2016, new North Sea projects are expected to invest nearly $1.4 billion, compared with $7 billion invested over the past five years.
Keplers the size of a star cutting the speed of the star in Pleekes.
The latest Keplera telescope mission has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalogue of stars cutting the speed of the stars of the Pleekes.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in this star are cutting at different speeds, as well as the way in which the speed of the stars appeals to the formation of the planet.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other stars, we will gain more knowledge of the relationship between star mass, age and even the history of its solar system," Pasadenas told Caltech infrared Process and Analytical Centre researcher Luisa Rebula.
The star is located 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars in this star are only starting to rise, reaching about 125 million years of age.
They are turning at maximum speed.
With the top speed, these rising stars emit large amounts of star wind.
Winds entering the star's magnetic field, they are a drag on the stars.
As the stars are ageing, their speed is decreasing.
Keplers measured each star's cutting speed, measured the time between a recognisable star area, such as solar slick, reappearing.
The latest star cutting speed catalogue shows bigger stars turning slower than smaller stars.
Rebull compares the stars with the dancers, with more tall dancers taking the pyruettes more slowly than the tall dancers.
Rebull tells us that Pledging "baleta" we see that slow rotating objects are bigger and more massive, while faster rotating objects are very small stars.
Thanks to the fact that the star of Pledging is so close, it serves as a great space laboratory for comparing star characteristics with cutting speeds.
Rebull tells us that the star is helping to build theoretical models of stars rotated in both directions for both older and younger stars.
We still have a lot to learn about how, when and why the speed of the stars is slowing down and about their complete stopping process.
Rebull and his colleagues in detail presented a speed analysis of the Pledging star's three new publications, which will soon be published in the astronomical journal.
