Remained of UKIP which refuse those which live with the VIH are a perfect example.
You speak about when Nigel Farage says that NHS should not be used to pay for those which come to the United Kingdom to make tourism of health, and when, with that with the spirit, he answers yes when the interviewer requires of him specifically if the people living with the VIH are included in the undesirable ones.
Initially you use specious arguments, then to discredit them to you by a homophobia hardly buckled.
Each time me or my family need NHS, we must make the tail behind the intolerant ones with chronic hypocondria who think that all their is due.
I believe that it is you who use specious arguments.
Tourism of health, as defined by the nuts of right-hand side, practically does not exist.
I believe that it is what is called the democracy.
Then nobody would be affected by measurements of UKIP against tourism of health, therefore there is no problem.
There is only in the parallel universe UKIP that Carswell can seem a revolutionist.
A quotation drawn from a cloth does not constitute by a proof.
Yes, thus shoot at the messenger.
The E-mail did not write the report, it made only comment on it.
Those which control the majority of the media in this country should be shot to have propagated such a populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I do not think that you know what is a specious argument.
You do not know anything either of my personal situation or of my identity, then should pay attention to you when you try to kill the debate by charges of homophobia.
The sentence of Farage has much surprised, but only because one so seldom speaks about this problem.
He did not pass absolutely any homophobe remark.
It will be necessary that you succeed in with you giving some.
I am not of course from where you want to come from there, but I imagine that you do not like when the media speak about what you do not like.
One speaks about it so seldom because contrary to Farage and his disciples nuts about Thatcher who think that the AIDS and the floods are a sign of god and not a reflection on their own incapacity to understand that complexities of humanity are something of good, then not.
Finally the situation is as rotted in Ireland as in Spain.
With the new crisis which arrives the period of austerity will not have arranged anything.
To hope for almost 5% of growth in 2015 it is an obvious joke.
Ireland the “TIGER OF EUROPE” praised us one, a few years ago.
The continuation was known!
That starts again has to read the article.
One tries to make believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a “NEW ECONOMIC MIRACLE” is occurring.
With the agreement of Brussels, corporation taxes low of Europe, a very flexible job market, an emigration which continues.
With these ingredients not what “to dress” for the moment with the arrival of the Poles.
In the Eighties of the twentieth century, the irlance was one of the poorest countries of the European Union, with Portugal By considering a constant perimeter, without the nouveauy country, the situation is always better than it was not.
Greece was in front.
That their development is not been a long quiet river, it is on within sight of the recent event.
Rate of taxes low of Europe?
They is false!
Latvia has a rate of taxes of 0% on the companies.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France on behalf of the policies on the taxes really pays by the multinationals.
If one believes of them a report left in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only SME pay full pot.
Now I confirm that the road traffic is become again enormous, and there are cars new (and expensive) has all the corners of street, exactly as before the crisis of 2008.
I have lived has Dublin for 14 years, the recovery is obvious in the daily stoppers since the re-entry.
Is it supposed being of the economic news?
You do not worry, I am sure that the comments soon will ignite.
In another article that they are writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are implied in a fixing on A140.
Does Ryanair now hope to transfer the passengers from one flight to the other in this way?
I believe that Mr. O' Leary soon will buy all a new fleet of devices, therefore some bumps and stripes on the old ones will quickly be forgotten.
That known as I fly with him the next week, then I hope that it on one from these two will not once be patched up there.
Then it would be entirely of the fault of the other controls.
Did Ryanair make pay a supplement with the passengers for the fear additional which one agreed to provide them?
But without this kind of Irish companies, you could not allow you to leave on holiday, young man
I never took Ryanair and the 3 last times that I took the plane it were with BA.
I prefer when the airline company offers a high quality service.
Not, but it is Ryanair, then they can be given some to heart joy.
The any article in Ryanair starts tens of comments of people who would never take Ryanair towards those which like to take Ryanair and think but those which pay another thing that the basic tariff have only to be caught with themselves, etc
It is rather transparent.
Ryanair will not be content with the expenses additional due to this incident.
I wonder which will be the delays and if it will be necessary to compensate the passengers and, if it is the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was about an error of the air-traffic controllers of the airport.
The passengers were put on another aircraft in less than one hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
Afflicted to disappoint you and your dreamed you of compensation.
Welcome on board this flight British Airways which takes along the English ISIS to Syria, not true like you say.
Nice journey
Last Sunday with Paris, street of Francs-Bourgeois: the Marsh is mainly pedestrian, and gets a move on literally of world.
People do not come masses some for the quality of the restaurants (unspecified, for the majority) nor for the Living room of the review to the Space of the Servites (very-intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason of this crowd, it is that the stores all are open and that the district incredibly alive and is animated.
With much from abroad who spend .....
Do you believe that the opening of Sunday goes created jobs?
Go has Paris Street of Francs-Bourgeois where the shops are open Sunday, faggot of world with 50% tourists.
False @aloes!
The only argument which appears admissible to me is that of the zones receiving a significant number of foreign tourists and it is moderated by the fact that they buy in remission of tax.
The tourist areas lose each year an important volume of sales turnover for the same reasons.
Remain industry where expensive equipment, exploited Sunday, makes it possible to lower the prices.
The Sunday rest is a right from which, except exceptions, the employees profit.
This is why it is envisaged and regulated by the Labor Code.
Neither the minister in charge for the economy, nor, moreover, that in charge of the foreign affairs, have least competence to reform the Labor Code.
Whereas they buckle it.
Is the law that used for what?
To satisfy part of the population and companies which wish to work Sunday.
To Montreal Sunday apm I take along my small children to the public library.
In my Town of 30000 inhabitants where I live in France the municipal biblio is open 4 days per week but not the we!
It is that the access to the culture…
And it is that also the regulation of the working time.
the lifestyle which it defended with tenacity against Fascism
the lifestyle which it defended with tenacity against Fascism and the Bolchevism
And if the succession of his/her daughter were, against its will, to use to pay the expenses of succession?
There are paintings.
Some are well, other terrible steps.
Undoubtedly that its succession would like its share of the cake, if you pass the expression to me.
its preference for a victory of the nationalists/Free in the Spanish civil war…
And its hostility with the independence of places like Ireland and India and its fascistic ideas as a whole and add also its well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me either.
But during 5 years, and only during five years, it was perfect.
In 1940 It held head with the other nobs of the government who wanted to discuss a “agreement” with the Nazis and it very skilfully gained.
Thanks to its splendid rhetoric and with its energy, it linked the country in the idea that to fight against the fascists was the only way of gaining.
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium and, in the final analysis, the whole world, can thank for having had god during these five years, just these five years, Churchill with the bar and no one other.
The size of Churchill has nothing to do with this discussion.
That its descendants sell paintings on the open market to join together the money of the expenses of succession, they could even make a benefit.
If the public wants to be able to admire one in a museum of them, that they join together the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use the money of the taxes.
No one can only deny, when it was “the moment of truth”, the personality of Churchill was a positive advantage for its country during the Second World War.
A revival of the interior market by public works will support only the large companies, which will increase their dividends while avoiding engaging, building sites of infrastructure being by not very renewable definition.
As for the social reforms recommended by the minister, they reflect the true evil francai well: S mistrust towards the dialogue
Return to the princeps values.
A reform of the insurance unemployment is not contradictory.
How weakest among us is not in the need!
Either jointly we come to his assistance, or, it has RIGHT in return for favours which it does or returned to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H which I prefer with the smic corresponds to this vision.
There is also the financial backer who lives incomes of his properties.
It is necessary to differentiate that which invest for a return at the time of its retirement and that which lives on its revenues.
A good to even rent two for a couple with the top, it is vice
The little genius of Finance misses imagination singularly.
The new deal was a policy great work, but at one time of deficiency in great infrastructures.
Today, in Europe and France, it is not the case.
The developed countries are over-equipped.
The need for infrastructures is marginal thus of nothing a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the question of the decrease emerges in answer to a recession which is only one wild decrease thus brutal
You would have been right 30 years ago: more need (or of possibilities) for stoppings, coal mines, motorways…
But if one wants to make less hard the future shock climato-energetics, then, the need for investments is shouting: insulation, restoration of the railway network, city transport, transport and energy storage etc…
A taxation which supports the high incomes and the shareholders.
Who is with the power?
Obsessed by the smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really an urchin.
The benefit of Samsung are put at evil by of the same iPhone 6 and its competitors range
The introduction mid-September by larger Apple™ of screens for iPhone 6 and 6 More perhaps allured purchasers who if not would have bought Galaxy
I tested all these telephones and am decided to me for the LG G3.
Thus Samsung lost me as a customer, but not with the profit of Apple.
I believe that it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft set up this philosophy, we knew one decade of stagnation which was finally broken by Google, Apple and the community open source.
We must have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and the development.
In more we have all of the different needs and they cannot be satisfied by only one manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their subjacent philosophy and I appreciate the design.
Certain people do not attach any value to the design, for them the options, the functionality and the price precedes.
There is nothing evil to that.
Let us stop seeking “a better platform”.
Is there “a better car manufacturer”, not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see an industry of the flourishing portable, with radically different approaches for different people and markets.
It is healthier and must be encouraged.
Here are which is of our interest to all.
I am happy that you found exactly what you seek and who it is not an Apple product, even if me I made a different choice.
Most people whom I know have of the iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontists who according to one of them fight the ideas and not men (on the contrary, of course of the Parisian sores) could they tell us of which (it) S author (E) S they fight the ideas on the kind and indicate the works to us which they precisely intend to fight.
Or do they attack just the kind as described in Le Figaro, Times or Current values?
Is their sources it Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Good, Jean, I like you, and you are somebody of intelligent and of cultivated.
I said that on Judith in the vein of Furusato evoking Holopherne, bringing together which had not come to me (I do not have her quickness of mind).
If not, in the “content”, since you there return, this subject does not interest me, and sincerely I do not see where is the problem: I hoped that you and your friends could leave me my backwardness, because I am slow but I understand well…
@ Jean: recognize that, culturally, to return Judith to Holopherne, that makes it.
Who is afraid asks for the World?
But of what one fear those which are afraid?
Furasato and @ give us brief replies.
The first by calling upon the Judith of the Bible, the second by qualifying Judith Butler of slicer very symbolic system of throat.
One sees how much these studies touch with most intimate on their premises.
We are not obviously any more in the debate of idea.
It is other thing, much deeper.
@ did you read, Jean, that the World published an article on the need for theology?
@: As regards a debate of idea I thought that it was advisable to go to the sources.
To claim to fight ideas starting from the only talk that make of them their detractors (Ratzinger Cardinal, inventor of the Theory of the Kind or X Lacroix, theologist) does not seem me very rigorous.
But good, as I explained it to our friend umpfrontist it is all the difference between having an enlightened opinion and a simple opinion.
I am not on besides that it is understood the nuance.
I did not read Judith, the slicer very symbolic system of throat, I was satisfied with the “Second sex” (it was more my time) which is I believe the source of “the source” according to the wishes of Lo.
Whereas I looked at the eclipse since Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds opened.
This sudden appearance of the red moon had its charm and compensated for disappointment a little to have sometimes the sight blocked by the clouds.
They was fabulous here with FNQ.
Yes, the cloud of last night enclosed really the coast of Victoria and NSW, whereas the major part moreover of Australia had a clear time.
Special flash the moon of blood.
Tony Abbott/Joe Hockey makes Labor responsible.
But if the Ploughing accepts our unjust budget, we will return its true color as soon as possible to him.
Does that obsess you, not?
I was in Melbourne then naturally I saw only clouds.
Melbourne also succeeded in being covered during all the week of the rain of meteors of the Perseids and for practically all the important astronomical phenomena of these last years.
I start to think that there is an evil genius of which the only goal is to prevent the inhabitants of Melbourne from seeing anything of the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, even if the things improve largely on other side of the Cordillera.
Periods ago from 10 to 20 minutes when I could not see the eclipse because of clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne.
I will put a TAX on this eclipse.
WHOEVER looks at this eclipse should pay a TAX.
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just like the last before you to sleep.
Who or what will obsess you when it will end (inevitably) up disappearing?
It seems that you spend much time to read the discussions by seeking messages in which people criticize on the government Abbott for then showing them THEM to be obsessed.
Superb photograph of the moon above Harbour Bridge of Sydney.
It would be said that Mars will enter in collision with the Earth!
Nothing on the stock exchange and real speculation.
Nothing on the inequalities between capital and labour incomes.
Nothing on the tax evasion.
The extremist liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing on the gardens Babylon…
The article says too much of it or not enough.
The detail and the arguments of these recommendations are not given.
Pas de hyperlink towards the documents of origin so that one can form an opinion.
See today Tuesday, October 15 the results of the miraculous formulae: in Spain, exports have been with lowest for five years.
In Greece the stock market crumbles.
However they are appears it them examples to be followed.
The reform of the notaries would generate a compensation request of about 8 billion euros.
The ministry for the economy affirms us that these compensation requests are not founded.
Quid in the event of error of the ministry for the economy?
Will the decision makers having garnered the political benefit resulting from the courageous attack of the notaries have same courage at the time of the presentation of the invoice to the budget of the state?
The continuation in its time.
Ok, thank you, JYL….
@lol Not the State is not comparable with the households with regard to the management of his budget because the temporal horizon of the State is theoretically infinite whereas that of the household is limited by the lifetime of its members.
Moreover, unless considering that the public expenditure is unproductive, those contribute to finance material investments and immaterial pledges of the growth of tomorrow and thus of the future receipts.
Some brief replies.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the crowned oath of Hippocrates: the health of the profits of the world pharmaceutical companies must be preserved above all.
Pretty theory of the plot.
Unfortunately the truth does not correspond to your phantasm.
Medical staff would like to be able to make use of it, but they have the hand tieds by the law as written by the policies.
It is the same situation as for the product which causes medical abortions rather than to have risked surgical operations, the rooms of shot made safe for the drug addicts rather than to have them in the streets, etc
On these questions the politicians want to please the uncultivated masses.
With the fact, the doctors do not earn money with the drugs.
It is for that there are pharmacists.
the doctors do not earn money with the drugs Considering the Liberals want that our health care system resembles that of the United States, you should inform you about how that functions.
Everywhere in the world the doctors are courted same manner, but it is more or less visible.
It was perhaps badly formulated to put the fault on the doctors, but reality it is that many countries, whose Australia, give priority to the benefit of the companies and “research”.
Thus read the few rare reports on our expenditure of Pharmaceutical Benefits Design and on the negotiations with the pharmaceutical companies compared to the other countries.
To compare the world prices of drugs present everywhere, as well as the differences of one country to the other on what is on sale free or only on ordinance.
That is reinforced it is a political process and economic, not a process medical or scientific, direct or indirect.
In fact certain undertaken currently carry out even tests on the inhalations of marijuana against the oncologic pains, in spite of the laws which slow down them and the expensive licences necessary.
Although the manufacturers of certain drugs are likely not to be happy that one uses alternatives such as the marijuana, those which arrive to a version offering of the products of good quality to known amounts will largely benefit from it.
Afflicted to tell you Madam but you are mistaken, it does without much things in the slides for the doctors and pharmacy.
As for this hospital, they were glad to make use of it until somebody puts the chip at the ear of a person in charge of this hospital.
One cannot HOLD patents on grass…
If the “researchers” in social sciences made research instead of making of the policy and the networking, one could can be to use their “work”.
A researcher inquires, it does not compare a fact with another.
To compare is not to seek.
To compare is to make pedagogy not research.
One cannot say “research is succeeded it should be applied” and then in the same jet “it is necessary to test with all goes”.
If your research is led why test?
If your research is not succeeded why ask that they be applied?
Can one explain me how a “researcher” can deduce that a pupil who cannot assimilate mathematics only could more easily assimilate mathematics and other matters?
Do new technologies make it possible to learn in the condition which the pupils learn how to make use of new technologies but how would manage they to learn new technologies if they cannot learn?
The tests rammed are not that an indicator make an indicator which enables us to find indicators which are satisfactory for us.
For what that is used to build an indicator which informs you of what arranges you, a will of car promotion, a fraud?
Only one tracks to train the teachers: to move away from the formation the sophists and the ideologists and that the experts teach with the experts.
Fabrice read again the paragraph on the internships (which alas is not very argued) and you will see that your conclusion pushes us with the most ineffective conservatism: “It is a device which leads above all to the reproduction of the practices in force, and which does not make it possible to make progress the system “.
Considering the general consensus on the state of the French system one cannot wish that only the experts teach with the experts, even if they have all their place in a modern training of teachers
The theorists of education should not have any place.
The experts, must have one of them.
Would you wish to be operated by a surgeon whose formation is purely theoretical, and who never put the foot in a surgical unit before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the education system.
To give more weight to the theorists of education, it would be to destroy it definitively.
Your analogy is completely yellow-bellied: if I would not like to be operated by an expert who has only one formal training, I would like even less to make me operate by a surgeon who does not have any formal training and which learned on the heap.
Mike Weatherley, the preserving deputy in charge of the fight against the violation of the copyright by David Cameron
Why doesn't he quite simply say to Cameron to stop?
Somebody should make a popular arrest.
MDR exmaiers thank you.
If one day I start to feel me guilty to violate the copyright, it will be enough for me to read an article like this one.
In an economy of information, the violation of the copyright = vol.
It is the same thing since they must quote their sources correctly.
Often, to obtain a licence does not cost anything.
Not, it is a violation of the copyright.
Pas du all the same thing.
By using contents without having the adequate licence, you deprive the artists of their livelihood.
You can always discuss assumptions pedants - but it is vol.
And you can repeat it as far as you will want, that will not become about it therefore true.
It is a violation of the copyright.
Go, still repeat it.
If one day I start to feel me guilty to violate the copyright
Obviously that does not disturb you to deprive the artists of their incomes.
If they think that they should receive money for images used in duties of school, an almost perfect definition of what should constitute a reasonable use, then I am glad to deprive them of this fictitious income.
The lesson No 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish it on their preferred social networks, they give up any intellectual property with the site under the terms of the general terms which they passed from a click.
Perhaps that if they share the ear-phones of their walkman mp3 with a buddy in the school bus, they should be expelled to have infringed the law in such manner.
Ah if we could export this resource of which we abound, the grouser who says that all is badly….
If it is a deputy PS who affirms it, then we must believe it.
I have 2 children and when they are in age to choose, I would advise to them to leave France if nothing changed by then.
France downwards draws people by assisting them continuously.
I do not want that my children support the debt which this policy will have created.
What draws France downwards, they are the speeches like yours.
@gus I work in private company since always.
I had the CHANCE to have worked in companies directed by excellent heads of undertakings: that exists in France but it is rare.
I am paid because I know that I do not have competences to direct a company and this choice enables me to shoot with teeth and nail at the worthless owners only I frequently meet.
At ease in my tennis shoes I share the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan completely: he tells the horrible truth!
@gus, if one compares with the German companies that the heads of French undertakings quote constantly to ask for reforms in France, in Germany the companies knew to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular by ensuring the link between the small large companies and averages and - What expects the French owners to do as much of it??
What the State holds the hand to them?
This State which they do show of impéritie?
@ Jacques L.
Always this verse anti entrepreneurs of your share!
Recall me, that you created like employment, like added-value, to be also severe?
@ Pat Je understand your reaction.
Actually, France is confronted with an insoluble problem: incompetence of the heads of French undertakings unable to create jobs and which are sulky and mince while waiting for the permanent assistantship of the State!
It is terrible!
But they have solutions: suppression of the Labor Code, the employer costs, of the taxes, to work 45h/semaine paid 35, and some, walking cautiously, dare to claim the fall of the wages if not their suppression!
I am in a hurry to see all the “negative” comments on this subject.
What is ironic considering the way in which people always complain about First Group.
According to what I see from where I am, Last was not really an investment for us the taxpayers.
They tried to be maintained with flood rather than to change.
That does not want to say that the railroads Scottish did not improve since Last is occupied some.
But they had also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
We do not have unfortunately the power to do that, alas.
I tried to have them recently, but I did not succeed.
But good, the Ploughing will draw us from trouble, is not that…
It is an international subsidiary.
They operate already trains in Germany.
Nothing prevented people in the United Kingdom creating a more moral company and from taking part in the invitations to tender.
But it seems that we are not very good in management, most our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticisms when First gained the contract Virgin, all that so that the decision is finally cancelled.
And there is better: MTR, a company of Hong Kong gained the contract of exploitation of Crossrail for 8 years.
Well the Ploughing, as they repeated it to us during the countryside of the referendum, is completely for the pooling and the division and thinks that the workers all must help each other beyond the borders.
One can thus suppose that they will be happy of this decision;)
It is perhaps because the management of the Netherlanders is on right tracks whereas that of the British is not it.
That which ScotRail needs, it is not simply a change of owner but especially of the new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad possible choice, but the true problem is the ridiculous system of franknesses, not the franchisor.
“It was a beating girl”.
Lord, I hate, but really I hate this kind of expression.
To suppose that the fact of being “leaf” is a quality higher than many others, the concern of the others, the intelligence, listening, for example, the fact of being “leaf” has nothing to do with that to survive a disease: “beating” cancer patients, who did not die less about it, I know sling loads of them.
To leave a disease has nothing to do with the merit.
Go one will start again too.
I do not tell you that it is the condition to gérir, I tell you that HELPS.
Nothing to see with any deserves…!
When your life following the example of, there are only you to judge them.
I start again.
To insinuate, would be this only one moment, which one can have of the merit to leave a disease or which one can démériter not leave, is quite simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
Do a body which releases, of everywhere, in spite of the will, confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Upset to think the opposite, if, to have a moral solid undoubtedly allows to more easily accept of the treatment heavy and to prepare there, to try experimental treatments like made this woman and not to refuse them by fear.
Somebody who is leaf in medicine, it is before any somebody who trusts medicine.
But if one prefers to rely on the “lord” it is other thing.
Neither with deserved nor with courage.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch a dirtiness, true, you are made strip at the point to become only a zombie.
Personally I caught two of them, of dirtinesses, of the grosses, and if I “fought” as say these fine psychologists, that has me completely escaped.
Unless this combat only consists in tightening the teeth, to suffer the hell and to box the blows.
I believed that the charge against Milosevic had been decided and finalized some ten years ago.
I did not see this name in the newspapers since at least this time.
What does it occur?
It is a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
Its lawsuit was carried out “quickly” and then swept under the carpet.
Is this the story which one told at the time?
The Communist become nationalist who started three wars in Balkans during the last decade?
The communist president of the socialist federative Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, thus question what one voluntarily put aside: 1.
How the bombardments of NATO could be legal under the terms of the LEAST legal provision international?
Which country Serbia did it attack?
In connection with RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why you do not mention that NATO destroyed this same building while killing out of the civilians, then regarded it as a valid target.
Milosevic did not have any way of leaving himself there: if it did not defend its country against the attacks of NATO, it would be crucified like a traitor.
And if it defended it, it would be swallowed by the Western compressing wheeler.
The Westerners used a smoke screen to detach part of a Sovereign state which then unilaterally proclaimed its independence and was nimbly recognized by the Western States which then lied from beginning to end on the situation on the ground.
The Serb population now completely disappeared (ethnic purification).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, died politically after its first mandate not to have known to understand the situation which had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most discussed figures political world of the time.
In the final analysis, Guardian should not qualify Milosevic of tyrant (even if we do not like it).
To my knowledge there is only in Greece that a method of prediction of the earthquakes goes about, by measuring the piezoelectric level in quartz.
This kind of studies is incontestably useful and thank you for us to make some share the results.
A hope thus but prudence is of setting This water has nothing to do with that of the named extrasolar planet HAT-P-11b, located at approximately 124 years light of the Earth in the Cygnus constellation which would be “the smallest planet and coldest to present detectable water molecules “, according to a study led by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine of the University of Maryland.
Method to be thus followed.
Just like those which imply animals feeling a threat to arrive.
Thank you Frontier runner for sciences to level us, often, of these experimental prowesses which are carried out in the world.
How would the animals know (In advance)?
Undoubtedly by the perception of other elements whose rate evolves in the event of earthquake.
Like radon for example.
A gas a priori odourless for the man but perhaps detectable by the animals.
All these methods are undetectable for the man, but not for the measuring instruments it has.
However we do not have a reliable result on these tracks…
It at summer observed many times (and since of the centuries) that certain animals act in a strange way a few hours with an earthquake, in particular the hens, cows, dogs but especially the fishes and snakes.
I had seen a report on arte telling the combat of two scientific teams, one Californian, the other Japanese woman, to make recognize the validity of their work which related to the sensitivity of animals to the terrestrial magnetic fields, and more particularly with their modification before an earthquake.
Then of course I am not scientific but their assumptions had convinced me!
Or is one on this research?
Why as much of contempt towards this track?
One should relearn has to listen to nature…
If one examines the things calmly and rigorously, one publishes it in a serious review, and nobody mistakes it.
As soon as one speaks about the “signs” given by the animals, one runs up against the same skew: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the goldfish turned oddly in round.
I do not understand that one can think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives.
It made some too much as a mayor of London.
When the program of LBC is listened to one cannot prevent oneself from thinking that this man knows nothing there and that it always tries to make diversion with a joke.
He never answers directly though it is.
He as told as he was of agreement with Farage, then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him on what.
It could not name only one point.
It did so many promises to be made elect as mayor and it did not hold only one of them.
Does that do nothing but underline at which point the rest of the Conservative party is only one bunch of shit, not?
Because it is popular.
Because it is funny.
It was in “Cuts I Got News For You”.
Because it is a celebrity and that one inculcated to people the worship celebrities.
The Londoners voted for him and it will be the same for the rest for the country.
When (and not if) it to take over the leadership of the party, the approval rating of Tories will burst the ceiling I am certain.
That God helps us.
I am not so sure: people like the jokes, but do not want that their Prime Minister is one
It is exactly what one said of the Londoners.
It should have brought with him his friend the breeze block, more intelligent than him
Of many regards, I think that it tries to copy R Branson
The Americans had of it as President.
The French really and always ignored the History of the war of the Pacific.
For all those which tried hard to read of them some books (it exists about it, of which French and excellent of B.
Millot), “Solomon” and the “strait of scrap” speak, as much unfortunately than deaths which remained over there.
It is understood that the Australian ones, which knows (one of their heavy cruiser, Australia, must be always there by the bottom since the battle of Savo) do not want to go back there.
We summons indeed last in front of the island of Savo, in L “Iron Bottom Sound”.
Even if the mission touches has its end.
They is well the small ones.
But with dimensions ecologist is a total smoking.
Calculate the kerozene consumes to achieve the goal discredits the concept completely.
It is enough to browse the list of sponsors That philanthropists.
An operation of COM moreover neither made nor has to make.
The cow, that gives desire too much!!!
I expect the Web series impatiently!
Your account makes me dream, by identifying me a little on the way (I also learned has to surf with the Crocodiles of Elorn in Moulin Blanc in roads of Brest!).
Hat also for the ecological, same message if some criticize the impact of displacement.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to make us dream, and to show with pride that the Breton ones are large travellers!
Pierre, of Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening I think that the red bonnet which expressed against the taxes is happy of knowing that this travel is sponsored by the Brittany Area and the Town of Brest.
More seriously it seems to me than the local government agencies and the public agencies of any kind should not devote a penny of our taxes to be financed dreamed of some adventurers even as nice as these!
Are there players in the current Serb formation which is of Kosovan origin?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly in Juventus and maintaining in Fenerbahçe, are of Mitrovica, but I do not know if they are still in the team
It is Bisevac the defender of Lyon, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was medium ground or before in the Seventies and Eighties and involved many teams in Greece, but I do not know from where it is.
Bajevic is of Mostar, as Bosnia-Herzegovina, and played as attacking in the large team of Calve which, under the supervision of legendary Suleman Rebac, finished twice in second place in the Yugoslav league (and also counted sizes like Vahid Halilhodzic and the faithful team-member of Arsène Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just by curiosity, which did arrive at Krasic?
It was said that it was going to become a large player when it was in Juve, it is currently in Turkey, but the last time that it appeared on my radar screen it was related to Blackburn *frisson*
There, I cannot help you.
I know that it lost its place when Tale arrived, then it went in Fener and as much as I know it is not titular there.
Can it perhaps still do something, perhaps in the Super League Indian?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, am not afraid.
You should like Albania because you are close.
The trick it is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of true Albania of today.
Apparently it was the flag of Large Albania, which includes all the areas where there is an important Albanian presence.
A little excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there was not too much damage (which I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map not of what is called Large Albania, but of Albania of before 1913, when the European great powers decided to give ends of the country to the adjoining countries.
How can one have felt “an outburst of joy” by seeing two turns crumbling knowing that women, men and without-doubt of the children are inside?
How???
What annoys me a little in this “testimony”, it is that the only fact of having been able, would be this only once, to be delighted spontaneously by the horrible death of thousands of people, testifies in my eyes of a personality “to border line” of which all “testimonies” should be taken with greatest circumspection.
Undoubtedly that at the short time of “joy”, one will not have thought of deaths nor with the reality of the inflicted horror.
It will have been just thought, one moment, that, for once, of the Muslims had succeeded in making really and apocalyptiquement badly with the great malicious Satan in its heart even.
To do something of powerful.
Of imposing.
It would seem that this feeling was shared by thousands of Muslims corroded by their feeling of humiliation.
With the testimonies filmed in Palestine.
Schadenfreude classic.
One suspected it a little.
The “Christian/white/Gallic” occident cannot measure the degree of frustation, anger, hatred of the musuman when he contemplates general misery, the social and cultural underdevelopment of the Moslem world arabo of today.
I speak about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not of the turns of Dubai.
Splendour passed, certainly magnified is not a consolation, on the contrary.
How to leave the Muslim world this diabolic funnel?
Completely in phase, 2 major poisons irrigate the Arab world L: conservatism religious bigot of the powers in place and fascist nihilism.
The common point, the freezing of the thought and the excommunication (soft or army) of its critical expression.
That it was understood front, does not have to make move back the Muslims.
It is the only way.
Did Edwy Plenel read this article?
I suppose that it is true in many countries.
But in Great Britain, the autumn marks the six long months beginning dark, wet and depressing which affect the wellness and the mood of much of people.
Moreover, everyone falls ill.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer myself from it.
When the light from goes away, that becomes the hell for me and those like me.
An amount of vitamin D should help a little for mood and the wellness.
The autumn is beautiful in Great Britain, with or without rain.
The countryside in particular is to be cut the breath in autumn.
Not as much to cut the breath that green of the summer when all is alive instead of being about to die.
In Great Britain, if you are lucky, the summer fall one weekend.
There was a beautiful summer this year, do not make your grumpy which witters on stereotypes!
Not everyone.
I fall seldom sick in winter.
But now I am with the retirement and I do not develop any more immunity with the germs of the outside, that can change, I suppose.
It is not to be about to die, it is right a stage in a cycle…
A marvellous stage full with intoxicating odors, with a febrility which culminates with festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risks of snowing up and full with other marvellous words.
It is enough not to stop making things!
Here are my recommendations for the festivals for you.
Yes, these dark months and gray return me indeed much happier and more slackened.
For the taxation of increases for children, it is the rising one boxed by the State which comes primarily from deciles 8 to 10.
But in which relates to the number of households having seen their tax increasing following this measurement, in fact especially the deciles 4 and 5 are concerned (returned median) according to graph 2.
The suppression of the half leaves concerning especially the widows is not treated at all in the article or rather its impact under is completely evaluated: 230M of euros it is a joke which does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is painless.
And it is not ready to be arranged.
Good, one is not on the straw certainly, but thoughtful
For once the PS makes a policy rather left one will not cry…
Is it obvious that those which are part of the richest 20% must support much more than 75% of the rise of the taxes, why not 90%?
Let us continue thus and you will encourage these 20% with less working or leaving.
Good, I know, it is not politically correct, but I say it nevertheless.
Live the Trots and the OCI recycled with the PS: they very understood.
Adam, you badly see what you look at.
The proportion is always the same one, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population hold 80% of the wealths.
An equitable tax, it is when it prohibits whoever from piling up as much as it can.
Beyond a certain limit the money loses all its utility.
And once exceeded the utility of the money, the money is not useful any more that to make money, it is) to say to make the misfortune of the greatest number.
One belongs to the richest 20%.
Undoubtedly also of the 20% of hearths which work more (and create wealth a part is logically redistributed).
An equitable tax must make it possible these hearths to benefit from part of their efforts.
Or then to lower the arms and to live social minimums as much, especially if one has a social housing.
The Utopias of the cutters of heads to the Khmer Rouge fortunately lived.
I made two AirBnB in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of both, we had things which one would not have had in a hotel 5 stars and we did not have to present to us to the reception or to cope with least worry.
It is enough to go in somebody, to sleep, arrange behind oneself and to set out again there.
Henceforth it will be my first option when I am on a journey.
The logo changed, people…
Check your insurance before renting your house.
In most case it will be necessary a kind of insurance of owner for you.
Ensure you to use a service with the good logo!
Ah, 6:00 too late.
I adore Airbnb.
“They is very dangerous and highly risky” Not it is not true.
You just really missed chance.
According to the link provided in the article:
With its discharge, the response of Airbnb to Teman was fast, almost absurdly fast.
In the 24 hours, according to e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb had sent a metal worker to change the locks, taken provisions so that it spends one week to the hotel and had transferred 23,817 $ (for which Airbnb is ensured, but nevertheless).
Then why this article quote does Teman complaining which it received no support of Airbnb?
I ADORE AIRBNB, to receive like travelling
Hello I seek people who already used air bnb just to reassure me.
I plan to pay an installment and a month of rent at a stretch but I am a little afraid to send 1,600 £ to a site about which I never really intended to speak.
But where does T go one?
“To support the troops”, Bu$herie sang on all tons them…
Inoffensive weapons thus.
I am sure that will please the families and close to the thousands of Kurdish died with halabja to learn that their parents and friends succumbed to another thing that with the chemical bombardments of saddam hussein.
Unless the contents of the article were radically modified by the author, your comment is inappropriate (to remain polished).
Moreover, in what this crime of mass made in 1988 would it prove that the chemical weapons discovered nearly 20 years later were still usable?
It is not very clear the style of the author: “in search of weapons of mass destruction.
One is well of agreement.
You believe that it is the moment to weaken the army to reinforce education
It is never the moment to reinforce education, because we are always in war.
Alternative: Is it ALWAYS the moment to reinforce education, because are we always in war?
One would reinforce already much education if one made “them” work 35 hours instead of 17.
Per hour, our teachers gain currently more than engineers.
And that one does not make us believe that the teachers spend 18 hours per week to prepare their program.
But that is not seen since State education does not have the means of providing an office to the college/high school to its professors thus they work on their premises.
A kind of telecommuting forced all in all, except that the employer pays neither the computer, neither internet connection, nor supplies.
Moreover, it is so much the cushy job at 17:00 per week and 4 months of vacancies which one does not manage to fill the CAPES of maths, come, one expects you.
How that don't you want to carry you badly educated brats whose parents spit you above by treating you of wanker?
I think that the priority in this zone is to disarm the djihadites so that the population khurde can better open out.
Where it is seen that the administration Bush absolutely did everything through.
My graduate first job it was in the sale, in London, to gain three times nothing and it was however a station for which one needed a diploma.
One year later, I saw an announcement to be a blue-collar worker for the subway of London, it was paid 5,000 £ moreover a year and the patent was not even applied for.
I ever regretted.
On this subject, do not make of it you if you do not find an employment graduate, try to find something either which pays well, or that you like to make.
If I had remained about it with graduate employment, I would be still to pay my student loan
I do not like so much work in company, then I in the long term hope to pass either in the civil service or in the university world.
LOL LOL LOL Cet article arrives really late!
Exactly, when I obtained my diploma in 2011 there was already arrear a three years.
The best way of reducing the number of the graduates without employment?
To get rid of the sectors bisounours like art/letters/theatre/media/philosophy/political sciences, i.e. what is called the diplomas of unemployed.
I have one of these diplomas and I finished producer.
It proved that the important thing was not the diploma but, like the article above says it, a good career, while starting at the school and throughout the university.
Admittedly the starting wages were lower but the levels quickly are assembled because in the real world what counts it is the results more than knowledge.
This debate studies of engineer/artistic sectors lasts since years.
The scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to rise the morning, to arrive at the time-work and to interact with people so as to get results.
Are letters, philosophy and art sectors bisounours?
It is ridiculous.
I suppose that you speak about the diplomas study kind of the media or whatever the obscure sector where you went.
Letters, philosophy, political sciences and art are true sectors.
It for us is necessary people who can explain the great questions with the high-school pupils, who understand the importance of the bases of the culture like the literature, art, etc, and emphasize them.
Wouldn't it be better a true territorial policy to unchoke Paris and instigate the rest of France?
Personally, I badly see the inhabitants of the end-bottom of the Essonne and the Val-d'Oise to make 80km return ticket the every day in the bicycle to come to work in Paris.
The intramural inhabitants and of the small belt have already many joint means of transport differently more practical (subway, bus, tram).
> Several secure and closed parks with key, as there already are some in the cities of the north from Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the roadway system.
Good idea.
On the surface, space is cannibalisé by the 2RM.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the Town of Paris works with professionals of the Netherlands and Denmark.
As much to profit from their large experiment in the field.
Well one did not find of place for Only one device of fixing of bicycle.
The motivation seems stronger when it is a question of finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë….
Good, that does not go at all.
When one discusses with pedestrians and other joint transport users the reasons for which they do not pedal it seems to me only the primary reasons which arise are: 1 it is very dangerous with all these motors, these trucks, these scooters which run super quickly and give each other of the survival of bicycles 2 one is caught full with pollution in the head For me the cycle paths are worse to go, it is necessary to reduce the motor vehicle traffic (urban toll standard congestion charges), to reduce speed (Paris = zone 30), to enforce the highway code while charging systematically (even the bicycles with the flat meadows which should be adapted the highway code written for motors 100 years ago with the bicycles), to generalize the buffer zones after the pedestrian crossings, not before if not motors and scooters are not gènent.
The cycle paths it is apartheid, it is necessary to cohabit but rebalance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing on the bicycle in large Paris?
Not a word on the place of the bicycle in public transport?
EELV is right.
The objective of 15% of displacements to bicycle is ridiculous.
I start to believe that Anne Hidalgo rolled the greens in the flour.
Moreover according to what reports BUT, assistants EELV seem skepticals.
I prefer optimistic being.
Before the racket does not start, better would be worth to find which really hides behind this massacre.
Index: it is not Russia.
Not sure to like the way in which the world evolves.
That looks horrible.
My children are not a financial credit.
A lawyer expressed his intention to carry the business in front of the CEDH, but I did not intend to say that a complaint was actually deposited.
Moreover, it would be necessary that they deposit felt sorry for initially in Germany or Ukraine.
I also expect that this business is pushed back while waiting for the result of the report of investigation into the accident and of the criminal investigation which would result from this.
Yeah but Libya did not explode Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not in wrong, the fault falls on the authority in charge of the security of the airspace, in this case the Ukrainian government.
Was the accident foreseeable?
Other planes had been cut down previously, the Ukraine launched in the zone of the air raids against the rebels and any plane could of course be regarded as a possible and immediate threat.
The Ukrainian government did he take reasonable precautions within sight of an obvious threat or chose to play with the life the innocent ones so that the airline companies pay the fees of overflight of the territory?
Where are all the trolls pro Kiev who defend their usurping government/the ultranationalists of the Ukraine of the West - and who want to show approximately that Putin cut down flight MH17.
In so far as I know, there is already a complaint against the government of Kiev because they are responsible from what occurs in their sky.
The precedent: a stop of 1986 of the International Court of Justice which concluded that the supply of weapons by the CIA with the rebellious forces of Countered in Nicaragua did not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions.
No chance that Russia does not let this business go with the CIJ.
It is funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that the Australian ones were assassinated by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope that it can present evidence to back up its allegations.
Up to now the investigators did not say anything of tel.
To be called Ricardo and be such a philistine in éco, it is afflicting!
To be called Polar is to lose north is amusing.
Only one questionde philistine: is the poor one of today poorer than the poor one of yesterday?
I can prevent myself from noticing only those which the virulament criticize book of Piketty did not read it!
It is easy to read, I spent a few days.
It shows the statistical evolution of the income-production, income-capital, inequality-concentration, inequality of, the property labour incomes of the capital, deserves and heritage in the log term.
It shows that the concentration of the capital of now joined that of the beginning of the 20° before 1914, it shows that in fact the 2 world wars cause a drop in the concentration of the capital, of 1914 à1945, then how the concentration begins again after…
Bernajuzan: you said not to what.
I ask you that how long took to you to read this paving stone knowing that the capacity of concentration of an individual has some limits.
Then, the question is not to know if it is easy to read.
The question is if the summary of the central thesis that the press gave some is right or not.
If it is right, one can discuss this one without to have read the book of which essence consists in arguing with one way in favour of this one.
Not, it is easy to read…
Bernajuzan: how long did you put for the lira?
Is the central thesis of its paving stone summarized by the press false?
I did not read and will not read it.
I thus trust the summary of his central thesis and it is that one which appears pure stove setting to me.
The concept of difference between rich person and the poor is subsidiary.
Didn't humanity grow rich overall?
And this enrichment added to an increase in population is the true political question today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the price without any doubt.
But you recall that it has only 17 years.
An age to which most people just start to find their niche in the world.
I hope that this price will not be a burden for the young girl and that it will find her way to carry out a happy life.
The problem it is not the price but the political capital of the Western governments which want to prove the old proverb according to which the coloured perverts are the incarnation of the evil.
All my wishes of happiness in Malala, but it must realize that it is used and which nothing will be done to educate the girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - even not in the popular quarters of Great Britain!
Somebody it thought that its speech was a little strange.
She thanked her father for having given him much freedom but mentioned that, if she were not where she is now, she would have been married at 14 years.
Isn't Malala itself part of these “coloured perverts”?
You should not have any “time of antenna” on this site.
You are, yourself, a horrible pervert.
It is absolutely revolting.
Not, his/her father was not going to marry it at 14 years.
She was 15 years old when one drew to him above.
His/her father directs a school where the girls are provided education for and it is in favour of the equal rights for the women.
It is, and always was, so that it receives a higher education and that it has the right to decide itself of its marriage.
For as much, it is somebody of unusual in Pakistan, insofar as he thinks that the women are equal men.
What she said it is that an average Pakistani girl must often marry at 14 years, without having some say.
Afflicted that it did not state it in a sufficiently eloquent way for you.
That can seem contradictory, but perhaps wants it to say that, if his/her father had not given him freedom, she would have been married at 14 years
Rather disappointed by this entry as regards season 4 and particularly by Jessica Lange who obviously has a little evil to find his character of double of Marlene Dietrich.
I have just looked at the two last seasons which are rather different but I must admit that it is one of best the series of horror, one the most succeeded of!
A first attractive episode.
The realization is close to the perfection and the show of Jessica Lange singing anachronistic Life one Mars of Bowie is quite simply astounding.
I did not look at yet this new season (which will be the last for me, without Swaddles BOF BOF).
In the case of American Horror Story I preferred to have at a stretch that to look at 13 episodes spread out out of 3 to 4 months.
But a thing is on, apart from extraordinary Jessica Lange, it is especially the risks of stagings and assemblies which strike me.
There is in AHS an avalanche of original plans which ridicules not bad the asepticizing of the productions of today.
That escapes to me a little to see you throwing sponge in advance for the next seasons without same waiting to be able to measure quality of it.
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series but, you say it so well, there are many other things still.
Not it is quite simply that for me Jessica Lange (and especially his way and the way it uses it) are really ONE of the pillars of the series apart from technical qualities.
And good pooh I look at much for it.
Then I find that the series sins by writing, it wants to make things too much at the same time.
Season 3 was slightly in lower part, in the 2 it was dispersed too much in spite of some excellent episodes.
I do not see them making 10 seasons of American Horror Story or that will finish as 24 hours stopwatches what.
But good each one fact what wants eh!
It is by what I say “I will look at” only everyone then is obliged to make similar!
I share simply my point of view nothing moreover, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think that it will be fatal for him.
But afterwards, here, it is right my opinion.
Let us speak less rise about taxes, please - coupons rather in the national expenditure.
Not, let us increase the expenditure please.
Those which wanted to sabre in the expenditure failed.
To start polemics in connection with expenditures relatively not very important, like the development assistance
The problem, it is that represents less than the margin of error in the expenditure of the government in the United Kingdom.
The truth it is that we are all speaking about nuances rather than of the change of orientation which the voters seem to call their wishes and during all this unquestionable time, in each camp, make pretence that these nuances are much more important and substantial that they are not it - and the voters see clearly in their game and find them insincerely.
Less than 1% of the expenditure.
The “debt”, it is credits held primarily by financial institutions in this country.
The “debt” is nothing about which it is necessary to worry.
I would not see any problem so that the government adapts a third of my income (before even of speaking about the taxation of consumption) if I thought that it was going to make use of it advisedly.
But it is not the case, and much of taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage was not completely honest on how reducing the taxes but good, if you add our clear contribution to the EU, the development assistance, High Speed 2, the subsidies with about useless wind mills and the nuclear power plants who cost the double of what they would owe, you arrive at a figure which makes appear quite ridiculous the tax of the Ploughing and Lib-Dem on the most luxurious residences.
Your first 10,000 £ are not taxable.
That means that somebody who gains 35,000 £ a year will pay approximately 5,000 £ (a seventh of their wages), somebody with 50,000 £ would pay around 10,000 £ (a fifth), etc and somebody with 200,000 £ pay approximately 70,000 £ (a little more than one third).
And social security contributions?
More social security contributions, more local taxes, more expenses of parking and the automobile label, and it is before the VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money are taken with the source before the local taxes and the automobile label.
I am paid in a decent way, but not in an extravagant way.
Not that it is a problem, of course, I am glad to pay my taxes.
But let us not make pretence believe that the money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where pass from the billion books of taxes.
How can an unemployed who seeks work with the door-to-door prove it?
When well even, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, that wants to say that 80% seek and do not find.
Being me even unemployed, do I have more interest so that the others seek or not?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CV, that augment my chances of as much.
Indeed didn't I have a news of Pôle Emploi since months, that wants to say that the agents are more occupied with check operations than to really making return of the ads of employment?
I do not see the interest.
Because is not at the State to provide work.
If Pôle Emploi does not provide enough stations, then it is necessary to do without Pôle Emploi.
In what is it about a sensitive topic?
We have all of the rights and of the duties, in fact one makes sure that the unemployed fill their duties well on the other hand of their rights.
Just like a controller requests their ticket from the users of means of transport, a department head or are the employees of their work, etc
Does nobody shout with the scandal in these cases, not?
It is indeed good to recall that the unemployed have rights: the two only times where I dealt with Pôle Emploi, my rights to the ARE had been badly established, and on one of the files, amputee of 40%, it was necessary to battle firm.
That takes time!
I am not expert in right.
Pointing and control currently get the upper hand, whereas under the articles Pôle Emploi east close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the subject of the compensation should concern only the employees, it is them which pay the contributions.
The non wage-earning policies and French grant rights which they do not have in fact not!
It is not normal.
I would add that a worthy insurance unemployment takes part in the valorization of paid work.
More than to expect tweets assassins in Arabic…
Actually it is necessary to have a direct military answer in Iraq/Syria which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this zone of conflict.
The situation would resemble then the propagation of the Black Death in 1348 /9 in link with the war and displacements of populations at the time.
The Saoudis had the presence of mind to prohibit this year Hadj in Mecque with the Moslem pilgrims come from the three affected countries.
El Pais reports that 7,400 saw their visa application refused because of their country of origin or their recent travel.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim from Bosnia which contracted variola in Mecque during Hadj in the Eighties, probably contaminated by a pilgrim from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is to be without heart to propose to prevent the patients of Ébola from taking a plane for Europe?
I thought that it was simple good sense but apparently those “which know” decided that one could risk the life of ten thousands of people…
These countries of West Africa where Ébola is out of control should be quarantined strict.
Nobody leaves.
Only the health workforce can enter.
21 days of waiting after having treated patients before they can from go away.
If they contract the Ébola virus while they are over there, they remain there until they are cured.
They are not drastic measures there.
Only last week, of people were contaminated after having had contacts with people in West Africa although they took “all the precautions necessary”.
One can stop the projection of this disease.
It is propagated mainly by the airline companies.
Let us prohibit to them to offer to fly towards these countries.
Moreover, the agents of the customs in the airports should be formed to locate people presenting of the typical symptoms of Ébola, so that those can be quarantined immediately.
That it manages to transmit the message of the individual first and of the group (including monk) second and it will have deserved the Nobel of peace.
I doubt that it is able to set up in dogma the image of God characterized by the total of the cortices of planet under operation.
It is still far from this design there.
Perhaps that made 20 years only that information appeared as the bonus given of humanity, whereas the religion, resulting from the cerebellum directs our actions since Lucy.
Which is the interest to become an umpteenth Protestant church?
For those which did not notice it, Catholicism is largely minority today in France, nobody is not forced to adhere to it.
Those which criticize would in any event not put the feet at the Church, it has there only to see the low number of Protestants in France.
Which is the next stage, one removes the concept of sin, too much “anxiety-provoking”?
@louise: Sorry the church does not have a vision not limited to France.
And in the world, can be that will allow to touch more world…
@Martine E, to be honest (as usual) the respect of others such as you consider it preexisted to Christ.
Hillel one century before him said already: “do not do with others what you do not want that one makes you, it is there all the Torah and the rest is only comment: goes and studies!”.
Christianity goes well beyond from a simple reciprocity but introduced the reunion.
Your “to make progress justice, peace, fraternity” but without god?
Is it a return to Communism? : -)
Next stage: one removes the incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will remain this hero who upset the laws morals by redefining the respect of others.
The Christians will be then ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our companies and to make progress justice, peace, fraternity.
Not very catholic?
I believe to remember that the low number of Protestants in France is explained mainly by the fact why their ancestors were exterminated then converted of force and pushed with immigration a few centuries ago.
I hesitate too much between buying that, the new game Alien, or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite leaves soon.
That is not invented.
Me personally I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even took part in his lifting campaign of funds) but I do not think that is worth 30 £.
If it is the version PC which interests you, Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM to 30 £ and proposes also a reduction voucher of 20%.
Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM to 30 £ and proposes also a reduction voucher of 20%.
I will look at.
Obviously not with work.
The kill-joy of the data-processing department block all the nice sites.
Hello, is they 30 £ then 20% of reduction, or do the 30 £ include the 20% of reduction?
Attention however: version PC is only for DX11.
that took to me by surprise, I bought it, but donot can play there.
In more I bought it on Steam, therefore no refunding, it is null.
It is time to buy a new video map *fait the gueule*
It is a Brazilian site, but you obtain a valid Steam login, I believe.
Caveat emptor and all that: I did not use it myself.
Amazon 30 £ for PC, 35 £ for Xbox 360 and PS3, 44 £ for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I would be afraid which one day they delete it of your library if they decide to prevail against people who buy it there whereas they are out of the area envisaged.
Thus join the beta release of Elite: Dangerous.
Thus, was France of 1940 a “putrid compost”?
Known as thus, this Nobel Prize has me all the air of a poisoned gift.
Should it be liked France of 40, that of “the strange defeat”?
When one sees who obtains the Nobel of literature one wonders whether Proust or Dostoïevsky would have it today.
The Nobel is not even an event, one does not even want to read the preceded authors.
Will the Brazilian ones, from Chinese or the Australian ones read Modiano which is already not easily readable in French and who describes a universe if limited and if égocentré?
I hope that other Nobels are more credible but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only one remote relationship with the literature.
Did you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, with Brazilian and different, you do not worry for them.
The foreigners are very sensitive to the literature and the culture Frenchwomen, them.
They will be able to appreciate Mr.
Modiano with its right value, if they do not know it already!
On your side, continue to attend Levy and Musso.
I share your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso preserve all their chances.
Then let us see which obtained the Nobel of literature: H.
To booze in 2005, D.
Hello the dreadful ones.
Since I led one in Iceland of them, I do not stop seeing of Kia Sportage everywhere.
I believe that this trick followed me up to now.
Perhaps what it wants to crush me?
Or to swallow me like the horrible computer of Superman III?
Hello Dantra, always hatred?
Hello DQ - not, not today, I took my Medoc.
It is Wednesday!
I had a few days of rest.
They was cool.
Last weekend I went to the cider and beer festival of Nottingham.
It was messy.
I succeeded in tasting 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel one of my being preferred.
I was agreeably surprised by the mixture of people over there, it did not have there only fanatics of CAMRA (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
To lead on the return Sunday it was really hard.
Monday evening one went in the grandfather of a pal to play nine card brag.
Thanks to a true chance of beginner I could set out again with several decent settings.
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I will be as sharp as him.
Yesterday evening I went to a smart cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks arrived with a slice of bacon above.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand at which point you make error, dear Christian.
However, without wanting to oppose you, I believe that you move away a little from the subject.
This famous totality, it prohibits the searches for the Jihadists at the exit of the mosques.
It announces without delaying the traffics of weapons.
Either there are the large eyes opened like Meddeb and Taïa or Boubaker or one has the closed large eyes.
It is necessary to choose.
It is not by keeping the closed eyes that one reaches has the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but once again, you make a monumental misconception: the totality of the authorities, organizations or associations representative, Muslims or not, formally having condemned the EI and its crimes, French, Muslims or not, do not have anything to add to these unanimous official judgments.
Silence gives consent.
The problem, it is that people as you initially see them like Muslims, Arabic or African.
Not like French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc' H Mervel, the doubt exists for everyone.
As I said thousand times, some doubt approval by Jewish French of the Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and indecent to show them a priori and to require that they express publicly to prove with the rest of the French company which it is wrong to doubt it.
This principle is in my eyes the negation of the republic and can only contribute to surbed the French company.
IF there is no doubt, to say it as much.
Silence gives consent, but grants what?
Grants to a proximity with EI or the judgment of EI.
Silence is quite practical, it is the principal weapon of those which want to spare the goat and cabbages.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically intolerable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could, at the time of the elections, “to be avenged” for the parties represented with Westminster because an enormous ditch grew hollow between their proposals for a decentralisation and what they promised the day before the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified with the idea to lose all these seats in Westminster…
Cameron must twist laughter.
Is it what these threats?
The Conservatives give each other completely of Scotland considering they have no base there.
They can do what they want in all electoral impunity.
I do not think that even Cameron is enough stupid to believe that the Ploughing losing of the seats in Westminster with the profit of the SNP is a long-term good thing for him and Conservatives.
Who will pour a tear for the Workers party.
They will be completely made eliminate in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP which will cut the head in north to them.
Ed Miliband joined the “PROMISE” thinking that it saved his party but without realizing that it signed the death warrant of his deputies Scot.
Not astonishing that certain Labour deputies request accounts from their leader.
If the SNP gains 20-25 seats and that there is no majority at the Parliament, even if the seats do not come from the Conservatives, they will be then in very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force at the same time the Conservatives and the Ploughing to do what they promised for a maximum decentralisation.
I believe that it is rather that the important one.
Not if the Ploughing or the Conservatives wants to be re-elected one day in England.
To wax the pumps of 8% to the detriment of 85%, it is not a super electoral strategy.
Moreover, once the deputies Scot will not be able to vote any more on the subjects which relate to England, the Conservatives will gain all the votes.
Oh, I believe well that it is it.
Cameron does not have to perhaps lose much, but Miliband if.
Maggie did it with the unionistic ones of Ulster and that succeeded to him well.
However, it is always in string to be in 2015 a Prime Minister and this since it gained the direction of the Workers party.
Therefore, approximately, these boxes will be virtually behind each reader to look over his shoulder and to see what it reads, how it reads, and until the end.
It is “the life of the others” of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of the MONEY…
Always same fascination for techniques of monitoring.
In the long term, that will have a sterilizer effect at least.
I expect the next ticket: Amazon manufactures YOUR book according to YOUR profile and that automatically thanks to an algorithm of its secrecy!
It is merry like world.
Strongly stimulate.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRMs is not implemented, it remains to me the reading of the files pirated, the books of the public domain or bought near some editors who have the intelligence to propose files without informer.
Considering the price which I paid Kobo, it is without regret.
I am confused generalized abdication of the users vis-a-vis the generalized appropriation of their private life.
In your bookseller general public, you will notice systematically that everyone gives its loyalty card (fn*c, D ** itre,…).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose rates of opening and completion are undoubtedly ridiculous.
For example “Finnegans Wake” of James Joyce.
@Thomas: In the era of Big Dated, the data does not need really to be personal to be relevant.
Attention not to put all the literature in the same vat.
The harvest of anonymous data when there is a profile….
Harvest is not anonymous.
In fact the data published by Kobo are it, not making it possible neither to identify the readers, nor the authors.
But Kobo has well all this information, him.
There were so much exaggerated, erroneous and contradictory declarations on behalf of the Turkish government these last days that the country seems to be directed by a class of full nursery school schizophrenic kids under acid.
It is still worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that certain partisan of Erdogan thinks that islamist is such an insult that they remove your comment, but not mine. ; -)
Well considering: - P But Turkey does not want to draw a ball in the foot, unless gaining something there.
If it attacks ISIS, ISIS will counteract, therefore is indeed to draw a ball in the foot.
A diplomat with the retirement writes on his blog: “the AP reports that Iran warned the United States that it would be an error to seek to reverse lei Syrian president Bachar Al-Assad because that would endanger the security of Israel.
It is not clear in the article there if Iran sent a serious warning of reprisals or if it advised simply prudence.
This second option is more probable and, in all the cases, which surprises really it is that today the Iranian and American diplomatic commitment relates to Syria, Israel and the security of the area “.
The reading of Indian Punchline is to be recommended strongly to whoever paid attention to the details rather than to the c*nneries balanced by the traditional mediums. The short article of which you give the link is important and should be read by keeping in mind the realistic observations/previous warnings from Iran with proposes of Afghanistan around 1979-1980.
Who are these “moderate” who seriously fight horrible laic Assad and at the same time the perverts of ISIS?
The policy of the pipelines pushes the world towards the abyss and I would suggest with those which refer to “moderate the” non-existent ones to pay more attention to the facts and the alternatives before sending the children of the others to fight in the Third World war.
“Is it still worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan” are there other fundamentalist monks with the power in the Middle East?
I have one of them at the head.
One would need a lawsuit of Nuremberg for the Armenian genocide made by the Turks.
Would it “be necessary”?
Do you realize that neither the criminals, nor the victims, are likely least to be still in life?
A little late for that, my pal…
Wouldn't the criminals be hardly old now, kind 120 years?
A little late for that, not?
Particularly concerning the triumvirate of the CUP which planned and directed the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed just after the 1st World war by revenge by the Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a lost place of the Central Asia about at the same time, when it was dreaming there to found a Turkish empire there.
What a is delirious!
An impressive control of the sophism of the fatal slope, but besides, one in vain seeks the contact with reality.
That stereotypes without argumentation.
The foetus will always hear a heart which beats even in the belly of a surrogate mother.
The couples of lesbians have can be simply a desire of child and not a desire for being accepted.
Sterile couples hetero too.
As for the children!
Which shame to indicate them like psychological unbalanced futures.
Will one day, they have the age to defend, say that they are happy to live, to earn a living and to pay the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is undoubtedly a provisional “solution” in the evolution of the medicine which our world knows.
It does not go back to today.
Many women carried and put at the world children who were not theirs husband.
It is still thus, we are thus made…
Important on the matter it is that this practice is framed so that the “marketisation” of the body is limited.
But aren't the plastic surgery, the cosmetics they not also marketisation of the bodies? !
Anakronik Fareinheit…
It is certainly more elegant to make knock up good in remote country via Internet and Pay Stake to endorse its responsibilities and or to avoid the scandal in another centuries close to at home without at that time shouting it on all the roofs! …
These practices moreover were not made in the name of the church! …
There are no only Christians and believers who refuse these practices…
It does not remain about it less than the exploitation of the bodies is a true problem.
Oh you conceal, this man is impassioned of something.
At the end of the Seventies in the Midlands I saw that only by far.
I was to go there the day because I did not have the right to go there the night!
But if you like that and that you listen to the music - this music today it touches you always as much.
I do not know why it there has here as well of comments scorning on as Paul Mason said perhaps, as they are posted by people who were never cools, even for some of years!
I believe that in the section of the sports there is an article on the football which expects your comments.
Super article, very true.
Since the film of Tony Parson, there is a shortage of reports which really reflecting the reality of the culture of the North of England.
Nothing astonishing so that Paul Mason seized the social context and policy well, it understands the things well.
Drunk Northern always lives, but it was sucked the blood of by capitalism and today it is primarily a phenomenon of surface.
However, you can throw an ear there if you are in the area of London in November: 99psoul will again pass from vinyls of drunk person, including full with drunk Northern, on Saturday, November 15 in Betsey Trotwood with Farringdon.
Also I thought “always the same history”, but here is a small article well written and thought well.
your criticisms need really to be more constructive.
Super article.
I adored your documentary.
I suppose that you are happy to have escaped in Newsnight.
Last train for Wigan of Victoria/Exchange and to go down in Wallgate.
By swallowing pills.
No matter what the station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 min on foot of Wigan after having bought a ticket for the stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of drunk the Northern scene are described in an excellent episode of the detective series George Gently entitled Gently Northern Drunk, which occurs to Newcastle in 1968.
The business becomes more and more poisoning.
Palestinian does not have a partner for peace.
Unfortunately, disastrous Netanyahou never an occasion to miss an occasion to negotiate peace.
@Jonathan: Netanyahou does not seek peace since he wants to continue occupy-to colonize (moreover, it was also the case of Rabin).
It is obvious that Rabin, Netanyahou and their voters preferred all occupation-colonization with peace.
It removed its clothing, posed them on the rock and entered water.
An Israeli had stolen him.
The Israeli representative rose in anger and vociferated: “About what do you speak?
The Israelis were not even there at the time!”.
The Palestinian representative (UNO) smiles and added: and now that the things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population does not have any confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian authority and will not lower the guard…
That that displeases to the anti Israelis it is an obviousness, it is not the sought-after goal…
Anti-Zionist: But I answered you, I translate: the world geopolitical report…
And it is always thus since the Policy is globalized…
Avoidance, avoidance…
In the conflict israélo-colonialist, for the creation of the Palestinian state, it is certain, that continues!
For the creation of Israel you do not answer.
Which power struggle has allowed the creation of Israel?
Anti-Zionist: the conflict Israélo-Palestinian is well still today a power struggle!
You doubt it?!!! …
In more all that does not turn solely around Russell Brand, but the journalists of Guardian look to have difficulty going beyond anything which it does not have to say.
Much of what he says is only nonsense pseudo-chomskystes written not others.
Here are which proves that you do not understand only said Russell Brand, or what Noam Chomsky known as.
It is right a succession of personal attacks and insinuations (my 13 year old daughter likes it, which would like to say that it is a question of immaturity).
A really vicious load, with Juste a suspicion of awakening that Russell Brand known as certain truths, perhaps of the truths of which one prefers not to think.
You hang, this feeling will be increasingly widespread!
I can understand why Brand exasperates some: he speaks sometimes in a pretentious way and after all the nonsenses of the compressed tablets he gives indeed the impression to be populist beginning, but all this history not to vote was completely badly interpreted according to me.
The general consensus seems to be that he just tells people not to vote and rather to cross the arms and to be unaware of all the political process - but if you look at the interview of Paxman and other articles/videos which he posted, he says that to once vote every 5 years only for the Ploughing or the Conservatives (or Lib Dems I suppose) and to limit the democratic commitment to that is completely useless, the two parties (with slightly different degrees) controlling primarily in favour of private interests, of multinational corporations and of the rich person, no moment he says simply to be unaware of the policy completely because these parties do not control on our behalf: he insists to say that rather than just to vote and to disconnect themselves during five years, people should politically become much more active at the local level, organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, it does not matter and try to influence the policy from that.
I do not say that I agree necessarily with his solution (because I think that to be active politically by presenting its requests can go hand in hand with the fact of voting, considering the politicians are of the wind vanes which will change opinion if they are really likely to lose the elections), but it is infuriating to see all these condescending answers which say that this imbecile who makes Jesus told the young people not to take the trouble to vote and just to hope that all will be better because of being really to deform its arguments.
Its solution is extremely debatable and it would be well if people discussed of what he says really rather than simply to label it like irresponsible and to put side the concerns of him and of large a quantity of rejected people.
Yes, thank you.
The trick on the vote was completely deformed.
Uselessness slipping a bulletin into a ballot box every 5 years irritates me deeply considering my vote really does not count for nothing.
I want more referendums, the e-voting, the direct democracy and deputies who locally give an account in front of their voters.
Moreover, I dispute the idea that the remarks of Russell Brand are not them his (written by others).
It is sufficiently intelligent to have its own remarks and ideas, even if those are strongly influenced by the kind of thinkers and academics anti-Establishment resulting from the counter-culture that Suzanne would like to gather under the label “pseudo-chomskystes nonsense”.
I am rather convinced that in a debate it would succeed in convincing Suzanne.
Perhaps how it is what Guardian could do, that Suzanne makes like Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a veranda, with same the shakings of head added with the assembly!
Comme Max Keiser, who at the beginning attacked Russel but ended by becoming one of his fans and inviting it in his emission, it is too easy to attack it without really understanding where he wants to come from there.
It draws from a political discourse which exists since generations, but which was marginalized by the traditional mediums - including Guardian - since generations.
This “sling” especially reveals in my eyes that the intellectual debate is not held for a long time any more with GO of the History where the historians of trade became minority and where the exchanges of specialists were impoverished for the benefit of loan-with-thinking condensed standard Sciences Po for press kits.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to be caught some to a culprit, a scapegoat.
They develop one and the other of the very rational reasoning, but this rationality rests on these scapegoats which are the keystone of their thought.
I believe rather than for Foucault the State was essential as a culprit.
That concerns a very antiquated thought, the sacrificial thought, which is also the magic thought.
One solves the problem of the report to the other by eliminating it.
There are an anarchizing slope, néo-lib and/or /libertaire (of the two terms the second marks a hardening of the desire of eradication of the State, the first knowing to go to seek the help of the State for its markets) within the meaning of less State/at all of State at Foucault.
The old man dreamed of the base which auto--organizes bleat.
Its thought is built on the culpability of the State: without this culpability it does not hold upright.
Who says guilty, known as elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a standpoint against the three intellectuals quoted here.
Nor a support besides.
The totalitarian left remembers the good old day, that of its god of then, Stalin, the small father of the people.
Oulala, you undoubtedly read a chouya too quickly if you took the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for an apology for Khomeiny.
Today, even Pierre Manent would not have fun any more to attack Michel by this skew…
Gauchet poses a major reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective, on the difficulty which the mechanism of adhesion in our advanced liberal companies represents.
That one is of agreement or not with him, it is an original and sizeable thinker.
See this cabal orchestrated by researchers in social sciences of the hard left which do not support that one does without the allegiance to their will mantras, is rather laughable.
The narcissism and the authoritarianism of these people are unbounded.
A point important to add seems to me to be the posture of these “rebels”, which is only intellectual and theoretical.
Treatment of the Chinese and other “yellows” of which I was pilot in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You were not pleased to hear our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was this in Russia, that a Russian can meet an Chinese and to have a personal opinion?
I do not remember when I saw an Chinese for the last time.
In London and they were nice in my connection when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the years 1990 the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think similar of the White!
My family lives in Australia after being come from Hong Kong and Guangzhou it there a long time, in the middle of the 20th century, and I still intend some of them to hold of the remarks violently anti Blancs.
My father is not content only his oldest daughter left with a White.
I also believe that the attitudes changed into Russia since the years 1990 and especially during last years: they are increasingly rich, prosperity is propagated apart from the big cities, and thanks to this prosperity people travel abroad and see how live the different ones.
The EC what one told me, the Russians have especially prejudices against temporary works without qualification originating in the Caucasus and Central Asia, which work in trades and zones where they have much chance to be exploited by their employers or confronted with a high crime and a violence.
Although me I lived on banks of the Ienisseï river, in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I heard the opinions of Australian on the Chinese and the Aboriginals.
It is really odd that foreigner says me that I support not the Chinese, whereas I met of them two in my life (including one abroad), did not have of them bad memories, all people are worth myself and, in fact, those of London was very nice it is the only reason for which I remembered that they were Chinese.
If not one does not remember who one meets, all people are worth oneself, how to remember who was which.
Do you know what is odd?
That you and other Russian here speak about the Chinese like a kind of single fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you always leave with the aforementioned White.
How much Chinese men are with the White ones, by comparison?
No, because it there much of chances that the parents of these White would attack them PHYSICALLY.
No measurement of the impartiality of justice.
However, it is the mother of all the battles and justice in France remains handled by groups strongly marked on the left like the trade union of the magistrature…
@Marabout: forgiveness, but the mediums legal are frankly brand is entitled.
When with the Trade union of the magistrature, it re-press only 25% of the judges.
If a measurement of its partiality can be made starting from the relativity of the application of the laws in the courts, it orders to draw aside two obstacles.
That of the political vision of the observer like that of the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
There then remains the obliged tool of the law to centre the evaluation on the fundamental ones.
The measurement of its non-observance as a whole of the judicial documents magistrates, parquet floor included, force to make a distinction enters the error and the partiality of the magistrates.
It would be vain to claim that the acts of justice are not distributed between these three groups.
The claim and ignorance not raising of an objective analysis.
And if thus all this is not analyzed, how then to affirm that justice improves in France?
If it is only by statistics revealing implicitly that it starts from low good.
The previous preamble makes it possible to register well what follows in the third ratio.
That of the corruption* of the magistrature.
Sensitive topic in proportion of the power of nuisance* which is conferred on the legal institution capable of a similar heresy.
The field considered is that of the spoliation* heirs made until the means to swindles to the procédure* by successional genealogists elected by notaries.
This profession year in year out obtains 150 million euros while profiting from the couverture* ensured by quasi-impunity judiciaire* of the French body of notaries.
For the comprehension of their mechanism, a part was reported by it in the comments according to the first publication.
Where that joined the aforementioned statistique* improvement moderated by the previous comment, it is that the legal institution produced, at the time of many disagreements between reticent genealogist and heirs to be thus made despoil, a set of contrary jurisprudences with all the laws favorable to the heirs.
Isn't the presentation of European statistics being unaware of this kind of rational criteria then an elaborate form of the lie?
Prices surely completely prohibitory.
Still equipment to swindle the handicapped people.
One can say that, but my brother has one of these tricycles any ground, built custom-tailored with his size and with its weight and that really allowed him to benefit from the outdoor like never a normal wheel chair, with wheels and cumbersome tires, could not.
Like one says, the tastes and the colors…
Tankchairi resembles so that Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top GEAR.
Tankchair looks EPIC.
I think that the inventor of Whill never had to clean droppings of dog on a caterpillar.
I am sure that my sister would adore the tricycle any ground, but it is quite simply too expensive.
The wheel chair of extremist long distance would be perfect for a handicapped person with leaning for the longboard.
Here there are hills which they would like.
The prices seem indeed high, but it there really of people who put this kind of price in a bicycle, then “you sees”.
The tricycle any ground seems particularly useful to me.
All the handicapped people are not poor, however.
Much of them has at their disposal of the insurances of a reasonable amount.
Only if they became handicapped.
The trick it is that the market of the wheel chair is a niche, they can thus be allowed to practise high prices for things of which they know pertinently that they are necessary for us.
One cannot really say that Whill is minimalist.
It is an example of excessive design.
unfortunately it is right an outline, it is not envisaged to manufacture it.
I am CONTENT that the wheel chair “long distance” does not arrive on the market, because apparently it is possible no to lead this rotten trick.
Nearly 20,000 houses were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza, during intensive bombardments of residential districts thickly populated.
Two million human beings is prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people who have less than 18 years.
The eight year old children lived all their life under Israeli blockade!
Single situation in the world, unacceptable situation, illegal situation also, since this blockade inflicts a “collective sorrow” has all the civilians of Gaza.
“The entrepreneurs who work on their projects divert a little their cement towards the black-market”…
Ah that it is not set language, rather out of concrete and army the lady…
The references are there to support an argumentation or a fact.
Anti-Zionist…
Good cement goes in the tunnels!
It there has the black-market it certain, and is recognized.
Two million human beings is prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Single situation in the world, unacceptable situation for any person who has a heart and the moral direction.
The USA have a well kept ground: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the time necessary to control because the dictatorship (constant by which you know) excluded it!
Also do not forget that after having raised it, Morsi had restored the blockade!!!
And me I am a Westerner, therefore I approve…
Jonathan…
The Blockade is Israélo-Egyptian…
The children of Gaza live on an underground fortress, built with the back of the population which chose its Masters!
To have a boat, it is much of work, Aleks.
I hope that you reflected well.
Couchsurfing is much cooler than Airbnb.
It is the definition even of the economy of the division, non-profit-making.
Much seeks only one one evening blow on Couchsurfing.
Thus is to be made pay (or at least hope for it) in another manner.
It is always much less expensive than a hotel, if the good addresses should be sought.
Moreover, the owners and the tenants who trust each other often stop using Airbnb and treat directly in cash, thus circumventing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all that.
“That it does put in hiring on”?
Is no problem with the verb, which the problem with your grammar?
One does not use the verb “to let” in the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
It is an international newspaper now, if you would not have noticed.
It would be to better have the good insurance for the boat, you ensure that he is 100% in conformity with all the safety regulations and ask those which manage channels and rivers the authorization to practise there a marketing activity (what they will certainly refuse). I have a boat and I tried to see how to rent it (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it is really a nightmare…
Did you think of the fact that the boats can be moved, stolen and repainted, run, etc?
The barges are so slow that if somebody tried to steal it would be always near where had left it to you.
Or diverted by pirates…
all these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our barges…
Where will you moor it?
Non Marine Le Pen is not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that which exposes the facts!
Poverty increases in France.
More than 150,000 young people leave the school without formation.
The increase in the wealth between the hands of richest is a reality.
Who defends who?
Who defends what?
In 2017 the mass will be known as!
Capitalism will not be impoverished!
High finance, speculates, plays with our companies thus our employment, our raw materials, therefore our purchases, our food products thus our food, with the structures of care thus our health, with our debts thus our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same one and our money which they hold.
All that with the profit dequelques very-méga-obese of the money.
Until proof of the opposite, FH said: “my enemy does not have a name, my enemy does not have a face, my enemy, it is finance”.
It was in 2012.
In 2014, it named Minister of Economy old bank Rothschild, history to better defend the interests of the banksters, only persons in charge of the crisis of 2007.
Was there nobody other of compétant?
You call that how: to change his/her colours, lower its trousers?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact one does not know too much what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see that?
Because the Germans refused to help the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee really “refused” to help the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle it is that none the parts seemed sure exact force of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book “Castles of Steel” suggests that Spee quickly left the zone because it had received a report indicating a British battleship in the zone.
The sea was surging at the beginning of the day; don't I know if it were still the case at the end of the battle?
In the same way, the combat ended after the sunset, making any rescue operation more difficult.
Compare that with the following battle, that of the Falklands, where, on the photographs showing the survivors being helped, one sees a calm sea and in full day.
Moreover, the rescuers knew that there were not at this stage more German combatants in the zone.
Hmm, that really does not correspond so that I remember to have read on this battle, then I made a rapid searches on Wikipedia:
“A certain confusion reigned among the German ships as for the fate of the two armoured cruisers, which had disappeared in the black after having ceased the shooting, and a chase-continuation started.
Leipzig lives something on fire, but while approaching it lives that it was only one wreck.
Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships, joined the battle tardily and lives Monmouth, leaning and seriously damaged but still moving.
After having pointed its projectors on the house of the ship, the proposal to go was refused and he opened fire, running the ship finally.
Without reliable information, von Spee judged that Good Hope had had to escape and stopped research at 22:15.
Anxious of the reports indicating a British battleship in the surroundings, it put course at north “.
Therefore, if that is true, the Germans, with let us touch in the darkness before the invention of the radar, did not know that a ship had run, and could not thus search survivors.
They also thought that there was a more important battleship of Royal Navy in the zone which could damaged seriously, therefore in confusion they gave up to benefit from their advance.
They were far from their base and Spee was aware well that they should cut through a path through many ships of Royal Navy.
The sacrifice of Cradock had already caused them wrong and approximately half of their ammunition had cost them, thus condemning them when they were finally taken.
Several voices rise in UMP to require that it be registered in the law which an elected official definitively condemned either of this definitively ineligible fact.
Here is a courageous position, which would of course touch also left elected officials.
But nooon, it is a joke.
FOR THIS IDEA I PROPOSE A REGISTRATION WITH THE WALL OF THE IDIOTS OF THE MAGISTRATES
With when the prohibition of the trade unions in the already protected sectors?
How long will one tolerate T this distortion of equality between the citizens?
Maintained by politicians (be) whose vision of the company is limited to these sectors, always prompt to persuade these same which will benefit from their irremovability to block the actions of political truths, which really try to make move the things, not the beautiful talkers whose opposition to progress is worthy of their sufficiency.
I met them in the subway around midday with their small signs” of under for justice” they came from province and did not make the difference between Bercy and the POPB.
It supports the existence of politicized trade unions whose members put the enormous power that they hold with the service of his party.
It would not defend the same theses so trade unions of right-hand side, even of far right, indicated for target of the personalities of its edge and led to their opposition a juridico-media war.
Your assertions are completely free.
If, currently the line défraie the legal news it is simply that it made facts which concern some!
There is not an example of personality from the left which so much had to make with Justice but all those which made the object of its attention did not have special treatment.
In addition it still should be recalled that the trade union of the magistrature which is of left is not the only union of magistrate and which it is minority.
That a minister supports with such an amount of commitment the trade unions shows at which point they can be useful.
@MCR the trade union which you quote is perhaps minority among the magistrates, but its influence is large with the Chancellery, it is not a secrecy.
One wonders from now on if the “mission” of the certain judges is not more to rather dirty to inform.
@ gus - You should be satisfied, SM is minority.
About what do complain you?
@Pivoine: you forget that the magistrates are not civils servant like the others: they are the only ones to have the power to put in charge and to imprison all-a-each one.
Jade Goody?
And if none the participants never returned?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I believe that even the most famished weak of glory realizes that X-Factor can only mean the end of career, then I would be surprised that somebody accepts the their offer.
Much was helped about it like springboard to start a career with success.
One Direction fill the stages of the whole world.
Others sold then many discs or left for West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programs, launched Chreyl Sticks, which, in fact, fact part of sworn.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Céline Dion, Cliff Richard, all made the competition of Eurovision, like so much of others.
While others like Frank Sinatra and all the rest took part in competitions in the United States.
In the Seventies and Eighties, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks launched most stars of light entertainment of British television.
Of course, some fell into the lapse of memory.
But it is what arrives in any event at the majority of the stars who do not take part in competitions.
Rare are those which, after a tube, succeed in doing others of them.
In any event, most singers/groups can as well as possible hope for three albums and a best of.
Yeah, but now Adhesive, or whatever its name, has fans only in the United Kingdom.
Its celebrity comes partly from her marriage with a footballer who breathes by the mouth.
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson.
can only mean the end of career
In fact, that is lucky more to lead to a career than the typical advance of the rock'n'roll, even if in your dreamed you think that all the shows-off of guitar which smoke of grass in the garage of their father and balance three agreements on a poem level elementary school become surely stars and that the only question it is how much they want to touch before even leaving an album.
And worse than ridiculous: that establishes a completely artificial distance between the Western public and the studied people – distance which transfers rather quickly with racism, because the ethnologists sacralists introduce these remote people to us like infinitely superstitious and kneaded ritual religious bigotry, whereas most their ways of making strictly equivalent to ours and are inspired, like ours, of practical considerations to the daily newspaper.
Except that you interpret imprudently in opposite direction.
Maybe, but rather than to say that the drum is deprived of crowned nature, isn't it to better admit that our Marianne and our Molières are not also a little crowned?
Our skew like is pointed out to see crowned like a kind of object well defined and circumscribed with the religious sphere.
Very interesting article at all events.
It is transitory deco to furnish the vacuum.
Nothing more.
Superb article, thank you.
Panthéonisation recent of famous figures of the Republic is an illustration which the feeling of crowned always lives.
Who still believes in interpretations of the archaeologists!
Any other discipline would throw to the nettles of interpretations not at all scientific which last the life of Mandarin, seldom less.
With when a compared criticism of the disciplines so that one laughs a little?
Because what applies to archaeology is also worth for interpretations which the other disciplines give.
That would bring an amount of salutary modesty.
Your contempt for the archaeologists is completely unjustified!
It is thanks to them that one discovers constantly treasures, invaluable testimonies to reconstitute the History, to understand companies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is enthralling.
This method is not very old and before the archaeologists trusted their “instinct” and their knowledge, and could be mistaken.
Nowadays one has average techniques and so powerful scientists that the interpretation of the excavations is better but can always be reconsideration by others discovered!
One is there in full (and old woman) polemic on the shamanism advanced by the prehistorian Jean Clottes (cf its book “chamanes of prehistory”, particularly the increased republication of the scientific controversy, published with the editions the House of the Rocks).
Thank you for this extremely instructive article
Do the hetero men like the anal sex?
For you Mike, I could put to me at it.
Then is it finished between us?
I understand really Why don't we can't continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed serious being, fact for adults.
Do you need really to fall into the gutter?
Not, but we are not against a play on top.
We could not look at a musical on top on the other hand, that it would be too gay!
One could expect to have this kind of comment of your share.
It would be said that Mary Whitehouse returned among deaths.
Since your trial offer is almost finished, can I suggest you passing to Catholic Times.
I am sure that you will feel more on your premise.
He prefers mikedow.
Can I suggest that we seek a whole a newspaper which pays true journalists, courageous, so that they write on the Middle-East, Ébola, etc at their risks and dangers.
Rather than to make laugh with these puerile jokes of bottom.
Not very malignant.
Let us go away then.
If these “puerile jokes of bottom” shock you so much, you obliged to take part, isn't this isn't?
Do you also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ébola and that it is completely possible to make both and to publish an article on the anal sex?
Is this the subject which shocks you, or the fact that people laugh about it?
Nevertheless one finds the video amateur of the crash landing on the Net…
video amateur of the crash landing on the Net…??
If the FOM chose not to show these images is only to protect its interests to in no case those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots it would have left the safety because at the time or another vehicle (breakdown truck for example) entered on the circuit.
But it was necessary to finish quickly before the typhoon which one knew that it arrived, but for which the FOM did not judge good to advance the hour of the departure (tele right, pub, money…).
But besides they protect the pilots well.
Well considering, I share also this opinion.
But there is also that if very british FOM makes enter the SC, it will make it possible to Nico Rosberg to be likely with the restart to beat English who carried out then…
You release yourselves on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But it is not serious, I have a little time to flush out all your C ***** laugh.
Not, right not.
It there were heaps of conspiracies in F1, but never one which jeopardizes police chiefs of died for a remote history of possibility of victory of a pilot to the detriment of another.
In fact the FOM leaves the safety because it is TRUSTED it.
Nuance of size.
Within sight of the images amateurs, the absence of image especially allows TRUSTED to avoid the awkward questions of the type: How it is made that the police chief agitates a green flag in full intervention and continuous to do it after the accident (see it video complete after the accident)
Not, it is not because the video is considered to be too violent that TRUSTED it blocks the images of the accident but because one sees one of the police chiefs clearly agitated a green flag, signs that the race can begin again normally and that one is more under yellow mode of flag.
Certain comments show a dark ignorance of F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is not any more under yellow mode of flag AFTER the place of the accident, from where the agitated green flag.
It is the usual procedure.
The post of police chiefs right downstream from the accident (according to the cases, that can be with 10meters as with 100meters after the accident) agitates the green to tell the pilots to take again a normal pace.
Sensationalism makes sell advertizing.
Before I thought that the media formed integral part of the “patriotic” offensive of propaganda of the government but I am afraid well that, in the final analysis, it is right for the money.
And the sex, let us not forget the sex, the fear of not having sex life, the advertizing and the media are good to sell things to us supposed to improve our sex life.
Information makes the same thing exactly.
To make the buzz with information which one really does not need to worry it is right to continue to frighten people to be able to continue to control them.
“When the tabloïds cough in connection with Ébola, we catch all the fear” That should be “run off the line”, not “cough”.
Being given the medical reference, “to cough” is well better known as in this context than “to run off the line”.
Do I wonder whether all people who panic that Ébola could be put to be propagated by air give an account which they now believe in the evolution?
You do too much honor to them.
They probably think that here is the end of the world and that Ébola is right one of the signs of the apocalypse which approaches.
Ébola it is the Antichrist!
You confuse Ébola and Murdoch…
Super article, thank you!
A short and concise article which ridicules nicely and firmly this contemptible pseudo-journalism.
That made me well laugh.
That depresses me that the media speak about the majority of the things with this optimism with back.
The goal is once again to maintain us sufficiently frightened and distressed (without coming to hysteria) for the government can make us skid when it needs some.
Do I believe that it is perfectly logical that, if we must undergo a budgetary urgency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist urgency in the absence of any attack, why not have a crisis of Ébola in the absence of any proven case?
It seems that this government seeks to save us crises which he itself invented.
Isn't there something of basically problematic with the idea to control by the fear?
Congratulations for this post, and to be still of this world almost 35 years afterwards.
Moreover with that beginning had to be horrible, considering the context of the years 1980-90.
I am bluff, food with the certainty to pass there during years .....
Perfectly useless testimony.
As always when one speaks about sciences.
Not only testimonies are not used for nothing: taken separately, they cannot be used as scientific material.
But they have a harmful influence on the objective appreciation of the facts.
@trafic: Testimonies cannot be used as scientific material.
It is perhaps for that one abstains from putting questions to the patients in psychiatry when one has reliable observations coming from the close relations.
My psychiatric file mentions that my mother psychiatrist explains that I was educated télépathiquement by his mother-in-law.
This is thus an objective symptom.
When I say that it is rubbish, it is a subjective testimony of no importance.
Ah, because the certificate of a fact (= here this testimony, which attests contamination and effectiveness of the new treatments) is not used for nothing in a scientific approach?
On what do base you research, then?
On phantasms?
Do you put at the same level of the whimsical theories and the facts (= causing verifiable testimonies)?
“Impact strength”: the bogus word adulated by the grandmothers, fans of J-L Delarue, which are caught for large psychologists after having read ansembourg.
@Jim: There is full with buzzwords meaningless in the psychologists.
Cyrulnik made us the blow of “impact strength”.
As it is a large scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that it will have arranged us a reliable scale of measurement to quantify it, this famous impact strength.
Do I wonder whether the Sentinels all of the air could save us of Farage and company??
Doesn't that make you think of Team America?
Seriously, it is not *pas* a good idea to bring out the Sentinels of the air…
And why thus?
It was a brilliant series and it would be said that those which arise it in are aware!
Thus let us leave our safety to the Almighty who can make miracles.
But how will they make so that the children hang?
The only solution which comes me to mind it is humour wee-excrement kind, which would kill the series.
It was already a series for children.
The children hung.
Ah, because it is a series for children?
The UKIP works for Mysterons.
Thus keep your Team America.
Always in Supermarionation?
It will not be similar if the sons are not seen and that animation is well made. : -)
I am in a hurry to see that (although being an adult), but I hope that will give the idea to a chain to repeat the old men.
The series almost never stopped being diffused here in Australia; that made at least 40 years that one has one hour episodes saturdays and Sunday at 06:00
Since the arrival free digital television a few years ago, it is on one of the commercial chains of second order and one can always see it with these schedules.
And in more episodes the half an hour pass from now on to 05:30, of the Monday to Friday!
Of agreement, I am probably “sad” guy a 60 year old, but I do not look at this series the every day!
It does not have there a “Mount of the temple” in or under the mosque of the esplanades!!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give a political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Moreover, all the Israeli excavations in lower part and around the mosque of the esplanades for several decades have not allowed anything to find.
The mount of the temple if there east exists there is elsewhere.
Can be in Argentina??
This mount is not searched for the simple reason that it is the hill on which the esplanade of the mosques was built.
Its top, or dome of the Rock, fact covered in the middle of the mosque of Omar.
For the Muslims, Mahomet is assembled to the paradise starting from this rock.
For the Jews, it is the Moriah mount where Abraham failed to sacrifice his son Isaac to it.
Since it was taken and contextualized, there is not propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel counts also its extremists, it is good to point out it regularly, and they are unfortunately relayed with the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahou, this last had accepted the plan in 2 states, and scuttled it in a continuous way!).
It is also good to show at which point the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact.
Will God be able to recognize to them his?
Shortest of the Jewish joke: “God is rented!”
To praise us tourism in Israel, one often shows us young undressed naïades with half, made feeble on the beach.
Reality is, as usual, quite different from what publicity shows us, as one can see it on the photograph which illustrates the article.
That frightened a little nevertheless.
And this photograph is a splendid work of propaganda!
It's a pity that the photographer of Reuters did not take in photograph the hundreds Palestinian not authorized with returns on the Mount of the temple and which downwards prefer caillasser the faithful Jews, requesting with the Wailing Wall.
@Mat, If this photograph disturbs you, it is justifiably, it is neither the newspaper, nor the photographer, but this woman and the ideology which it transmits that it is necessary to condemn.
This system is not bearable and will finish in tears.
The only way of putting an end to this system, it is the revolution.
Since the economy seems to leave in gimlet, the large companies enormously benefitted from their employees.
They succeeded in convincing their employees whom they have of the chance to have an employment and whom they cannot allow to increase the wages, whereas in same time and without hiding, they gave remunerations increasingly important to the small elite at the top.
You are right, it is not bearable, but that will change in this country only when the workers speak really with one voice.
Instead of giving a death rattle and to groan when someone else carried out the strike, support them, show a little solidarity and understand that their strike does not relate to only their problems, but watch also with your employer whom one does not bug people with impunity.
Except if one gives up the democracy, in which case if, it is bearable.
I am completely of agreement.
The only thing that you forgot it is that the British and American companies sold our industry and maintaining our services with the countries where the social conditions and environmental are the worst.
Such as for example China and India.
All that cannot finish well.
It is because we are in democracy that held.
Did you vote for the PTCI?
The transatlantic Partnership of trade and investment (PTCI) aims at increasing the profits of the companies held by these people-there by shorting-circuit the national governments by secret courts.
That appears incredible, but it is exactly it with what the mechanism is used as settlement of disputes between investors and States (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and try to alert people as for the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that one starts to speak about it in the media: Independent Guardian World Movement Development thus Look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Didn't Churchill say “of blood, sweat and the tears”?
Here are which makes excellent repercussions, whereas the digital cash does not have any reason to fall and even less to push on the trees.
The next weak link will undoubtedly be the market of the car.
This Mister is right, to the XVIII there were trade unions in all the regiments
In the very catholic French Army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Leave-there (finally, its officers, the others, nobody knows anything) believe the safe of the eternal values of France, and it will fight and close its mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, globalization, Europe, the crisis of the values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, to have this small relic, it is comforting.
Even if for it, it is increasingly uncomfortable…
You still miss them the sindicat sdes married men, of the single people, the married women, the single people, the lost dogs and I still do not know what
If you do not write the French correctly, I syndicate.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defense of the category interests one undergoes already well enough the professions protected equipped with trade unions, which created a rupture of equality with the other citizens.
One is requested not to laugh in connection with the fear of the risk on behalf of a civil servant.
One can imagine a system ensuring very well a certain freedom of expression without trade unions, or then without right to strike as in Germany, on the other hand of the protection which they enjoy.
If not assured catastrophe.
And with the carts which prepare, the government is pleased some.
About which security do speak you?
Ignorance indeed…
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I alluded to the soldiers and other civils servant, since it is the subject here with accompanying notes…
Let us remove “via its delegates” in article 8 of the preamble to the constitution of 1946.
It will become: “8.
Any worker takes part in the collective determination of the work conditions like to the business management”.
That is absolutely essential with the irruption of the informative power.
And yet you opened, probably read then commented on an article specifically entitled “The Great British Bake Off review”. ?????
Wait, the section was there, very vacuum.
I thought that the conversation had to be launched.
In any event it is the marriage of Joffrey whom I looked at, and I can tell you that some were well seasoned.
In the episode of the marriage of Joffrey there is one of the best moments (though misleading: it was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, pie mmmh…
Range of Thrones!
I adore GBBO!
It is the second time of at a stretch which, curiously, the emission finishes with a victory of the least worse baker; nobody made kind “boom, here is my whore of cake now and you incline it puff out in front of your Master”!
Perhaps what the additional pressure of friends and parents outside finally had an effect for them?
The previous weeks, all these external people were kept away.
And there is also this idea “to play the security, always the next week ago” which disappears the last week.
I like to cook but I do not think to inflict that.
I am grateful towards those which do it and offer a super entertainment thus to us and pushes us to test new things.
Ahead for GBBO 2015!
I am of agreement, the last challenge of last year, the cake of marriage, was absurd.
The professionals generally spend days to do them and they were to arrange of them one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really difficult to decide between, I do not know how they could choose a winner.
At Shine, only the true defect which they could find it was a little dry base (even if I am of agreement with Hollywood to say that green glazing on the mill of Richard did not give desire, in any event Richard had already lost at this time).
I must acknowledge that several challenges of this series seem a little artificial because of assigned time.
There is also the cancer which watches for, with the solar wind strong gales.
Definitely, all makes a success of us currently.
A bad moment to pass for humanity, it is hoped for.
You confuse solar wind and ultraviolet rays.
UV are blocked mainly by the ozone layer which is precisely formed by the impact of the particles of residual solar wind and UV.
Thus even if the magnetic field weakened, there would not be enough solar wind “to drive out” the ozone of stratosphere.
There would be even more, and thus less UV and “cancers”.
Fortunately that the ozone layer does not block UV.
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If one limits oneself to the man they may find it beneficial to allow us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), to heat us (less than the infra-reds), to modulate our immune system and, it seems, to improve our moral.
The ozone layer blocks the carcinogenic UVC and lets pass the UVA and most UVB.
Do you know that you are not obliged to be condescending and to consider your interlocutor as one remained when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor precision which was implied in the comment, which itself intends to show pedagogy.
Without saying that I one am accustomed of the melanoma, UV make only ACCELER its development.
They DO NOT CAUSE it.
For proof: all the bronzed people do not have melanomas inevitably.
Maybe, when a doctor tells you that it is necessary to avoid the sun and to live at the bottom of a cellar, better is worth not to listen because UV are necessary to very human.
Excess, on the other hand, it is like all: it kills.
But for other reasons.
UV cause the melanoma directly.
Can one fold it?
And, more important, can one pass it to the blender?
or to pass it to the blender…
I believe that the majority of those which are interested in it established that all can be folded if one applies a sufficient force to it and the robustness of iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the use for which it is intended.
I think that the army would need something of more resistant and does not have of this fact not adopted yet the iPhone6 like equipment of communication in first line.
But for us others,
That remains a good choice.
the majority of those which are interested in it established that all can be folded if one applies a sufficient force to it
Except a Nokia 3310.
More precisely, is it already folded?
One makes this joke in each discussion.
I decided to count them.
It is the fourth jokes on the folding which I read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Before one installs application softwares, one imagines that the telephone was withdrawn from the principal line production and one sees badly how it could return there.
Therefore, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ........................................
Most probable it is that it is about a production unit on which the iOS was not installed correctly and who is thus wedged with the code of test machines installed.
I do not know at all how they make these tricks.
But, would they put software of test on all?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the absence of logo FCC or THIS and the presence of a red connector of prototype.
ah L article for sore par excellence.
Does one want products not very expensive and is one astonished that the industrialists produce in “industriels' One proposes super U but all the signs and even the small shop are concerned How to puff out good, organic avac 1650€ (average wages in France)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat correctly with small wages.
After each one is free to put its priorities where he hears it.
For my part the food in is one.
Go without resentment, I kiss you
One calls sores, or better boboécolos, of the people who see the world through an ideological “software” which leads them to be disconnected from realities.
It is the total grouping thought-reason.
They are experts in gesticulation, for example claim to save planet because they avoided taking a shower.
He are also experts in hypocrisy, joining in that the left-caviar, from which they result sometimes, for example by condemning the CO2 rejections while spending their vacancies to the Maldives.
The majority of our fellow-citizens do not support this mixture of ideology blockhead and by hypocrisy also be not astonished to often meet critics on their subject.
Waouh, thank you for this complete and exhaustive theorization like for all the associated details (plane, showers…).
I would like to belong of it but I do not find myself there.
The concept is not so complicated.
The boboécolos are cast solid.
Did you understand the concept of the left-caviar?
And well you are able to understand the concept of the boboécolo.
It is the perfect copy with Juste an ideological nuance.
Classification would be more complicated if we are interested in the ecologists very short.
The boboécolo in fact part but represents only the most visible fringe of the ecologists because it is that which infests the media.
Here is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, nobody wants to look at this giraffe opposite.
It is so much badly made that it resembles naked female vaguely.
Hush, you are beside the plate.
It is necessary to belong to the microcosm of art to understand the amazing beauty of truth of this work.
But you quite simply do not have any legitimacy to make a comment since you did not spend innumerable decades to study and to flatter large artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin cannot draw and seems always obsessed by the same subject.
The important thing, it is that it really succeeded in becoming fabulously rich and famous by not having any artistic capacity.
That, it is of *l' art*.
Not, it is pig.
The fact that Emin cannot draw
Here are which is not really an established fact.
It is rather about an opinion.
Except if the only thing that you can appreciate they are realistic reproductions of dogs which smoke while playing billiards.
To judge art can be problematic, but not in this case.
To draw, it is much more than simply to represent reality.
If you seek only that, a camera will get the bargain.
The author also speaks about the expressionism of Emin.
Look at again and to let the image speak about itself, without comparing it with the kind of drawing which you perhaps prefer.
If it is so easy, why don't you do it yourself?
There is still what to save money: activities of horse riding, the number of horses of the Republican guard or the statute of the generals who are not any more in active service….
L (honesty obliges to say that France decreases its manpower, but like made all the countries, sometimes in a more drastic way still, starting with Great Britain.
It is only with half encouraging…
The operational one without the support, that finds its limits quickly!
A singular approach, per hour when we observe the weaknesses, insufficiencies of our tool of defense, in particular in the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local government agencies concerned, which lose a dimension of their activities, even part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuarisation?
@edmond: it is well what I said, look at elsewhere where to make of the economies but especially not at home, at home it is really not possible…
It is exactly what you propose to do, to look at elsewhere where the underhand dealings are certain.
That all those which mixed with more or less the military thing dare to come to say here, eyes in the eyes that there is no money wasted in this perimeter and this without bursting of laughing…
That one applies the same potion with the whole of the civil service and public finances will be a little better.
And for Josi: really reloud: look at the inflation of public employment in the other ministries and you will understand why Defense can be estimated a little charged!
Is Ben yes, the economies on which everyone does agree to say that they should be done, necessary well that sees some share, not?
Lack of pot, those on which that tomb groan with the assassination when that arrives on their premises, the dear poor.
Would be necessary to make some but especially that does not fall me above because, in this case there, it is a crime and not an economy.
Puppets, goes!
In what to close the Val de Grâce will weaken our tool of defense in the Sahel?
As for the local government agencies, the history is repeated with each closing of station, maternity, hospital, barracks.
But everyone is for the economies of course.
It is odd, an UMP mayor who wants compensations and is not delighted by the savings made in the public expenditure.
This article is really the trick more confusing which I ever read!
This embarrassing moment where the first three people who comment on make the same dirty trick.
It is depresses it to make ravel its wire Facebook and to see that 80% of his/her friends began their statutes with the sentence “This moment embarrassing”.
I believe that they will make a film of it.
It will be surely based on hilarious scenes where somebody fall by chance on his ex in the bus while going to work and realizes only there that its skirt returned in its breeches.
It is not embarrassing, it is completely idiot.
Not really, according to me the author adopts the role of the typical British man with whom one always learned how to hide his emotions and to tighten the teeth.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of its return to the stage after 25 years of absence was something of fort.
Do you return amounts that your comment is now in the middle of a battle to know which will have the rights?
I do not have “the Internet”.
I thus do not think of being able to comment on.
Not having a computer.
My god, it is necessary that I see this film before dying!
I do not manage to accept what a not this article is the most incredible trick which I ever read!
Charlie really has just shown that he is all at the top of top of the cosmic universe which is satirical journalism!
I fall from there to the shift!
It is necessary absolutely that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they have finally the illumination and discover the incredible fulgurance and the unsurpassable genius which spouts out keyboard of Mr. Brooker like a divine gleam.
Good god, it was really null.
Especially if it is neither of the women, nor of the transvestites.
I am a parasite.
That shows a positive development within the democracies: rise of regional policies and effective associative initiatives.
Until new order we are made confiscate the right to save our planet by States which play the sanctimonious hypocrites with each meeting to save planet.
We thus decide, citizens, to take the things over.
With the police chief that they planted with energy, all these beautiful recommendations flew away….
Translate: Solar wind mills and farms are the Round points of tomorrow.
The whole financed by the idiot tribuable.
Please cease this speech pro-nuclear power.
Pollution is not limited to CO2.
The radioactivity is much more harmful on the level of its waste and in the event of accident.
As long as that the sector is not controlled in its entirety, it is to be better limited some to the laboratories.
Renewable energies are our only safety, in condition of course of reduced drastically our consumption.
Electricity by the renewable one to fight against the CO2 emissions?
France is of nothing concerned.
The nuclear power it is zero CO2 emission to the production and epsilon for the other stages.
Electricity by the renewable wind one or PV it is already more GES on the other stages and especially of gas, or worse of coal as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittency.
To replace the nuclear power by the renewable wind one or PV would go against the fight against CO2.
Christial I do not insult you me I am Doctor d' Etat in physical sciences 1981 of more I made research in nuclear physics I put to you at the challenge to prove lez contrary of what I said.
For what I did not say it is you who to lend ideas to me I said anything on Germany nothing nothing in fact you did not answer so that I said and as all people right to demolish the interlocutor I never do it.
I quote you in addition the conclusion of experts elected by the German government: the current program of Germany of renewable energies is average nonprofitable and ineffective to reduce the emissions of GES and should be stopped.
0 emission if you do not count the extraction of uranium and construction and if you do not count the steam greenhouse gas of less effect which CO2 it is true recall two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant leaves out of steam and a little water the rivers.
I stopped reading when you spoke about Pakistan like “giant of the South Asia”…!!
The last time, Pakistan gained against Hindustan.
That does not astonish me, most Indians who post comments want to read and make comments only on articles against Pakistan.
With the fact, that shows your state of mind well.
Ç' would have been similar if they had qualified India of giant of the South Asia…
I do not have anything against the fact that certain players Pakistani take part, but to have a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would be simply to open a Pandora's box full with corruption and mafiosos.
As for the ISL, the match of opening of today was surprisingly interesting, Athletico de Kolkata imposing 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan has still much much way to make.
In comparison with billion and billion that India devotes to the cricket of the IPL and maintaining with football, how could we one day compete with our “noisy neighbors”…
The race with the launcher low cost is paid cash.
Damage for a so beautiful project.
For the incident, the possible design defect appears only with one too cold helium.
One is not thus perhaps in a design defect, but of implementation…
contrary to arianespace which is a private company, it seems well that Soyuz belongs at the Russian state…
And if the rule is the same one as here the state is its own insurer.
They perhaps will pay the satellites in the frigates which knows.
That is all the more annoying as many media show in loop the only titles of articles - and that many readers retain only these titles.
On the whole that creates a contrary erroneous impression with the contents of the article itself.
Completely of agreement with you, the title is not adapted, it wrongfully blames the project whereas it is only one problem of launcher.
