The abodes of UKIP that refuse those that live with the VIH are a perfect example.
You talk about when Nigel Farage said that the NHS must not serve to pay for those that come to the United Kingdom done of the tourism of health, and when, with that to the spirit, it replies yes when the interviewer specifically asks him if the living people with the VIH are included in the undesirable ones.
First use you arguments spécieux, then you to discredit them by a scarcely veiled homophobia.
Whenever me or my family need the NHS, we must do the tail behind intolerant to the chronic hypochondria that think that all is had them.
I believe that it is you that use arguments spécieux.
Health tourism, such as defined by the crazy right one, does not exist practically.
I believe that this one calls the democracy.
Then no one would be affected by the measures of UKIP against health tourism, therefore there is not any problem.
There is only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell can appear as a revolutionary one.
A pulled quotation of a cloth does not constitute by a proof.
Yes, pull therefore on the messenger.
Mall did not write the report, it did nothing but to comment on it.
Those that check the majority of the media in this country should be shot to have propagated populist such a publicity as if it was the reality.
I do not think that you knew what is an argument spécieux.
You know nothing not more of my personal position or of my identity, then you should watch out when you attempt to kill the debate by homophobia accusations.
The sentence of Farage a lot surprised, but only because one speaks if rarely of this problem.
It did not do absolutely any remark homophobe.
You must succeeded to you to put back some.
I am not of course from which you want to come some, but I imagine that you like not when the media talk about what you do not like.
One speaks about it if rarely because in contrast to Farage and to its crazy disciples of Thatcher that think that the Aids and the floods are a sign of god and not a reflection on their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are well something, then no.
Finally the position also is rotted in Ireland as in Spain.
With the new crisis that arrives the austerity period will not have arranged anything.
To hope almost 5% of growth in 2015 is a big joke.
L 'Ireland it' 'TIGER OF Europe'' we boasted one, there are some annees.
One knew the continuation!
That recommmence has to read the item.
One stretched to do to believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a '' NEW MIRACLE ECONOMIQUE'' is producing itself.
With the agreement of Brussels, impots on the societies the more bottoms of Europe, a market of the work tres supple, an emigration that continues.
With these ingredients not of what '' to decorate with flags'' for the moment with the coming of the Polish.
In the years 80 of the vingtieme siecle, the irlance etait the one of the poorest countries of the union europeene, with the Portugal In considerant a constant perimetre, without the nouveauy country, the position always is better than she was not.
The Greek etait in front of.
What their developement not is been a long quiet river, this is on to the view of the recent évenement.
Rate of impots the more bottom of Europe?
It is false!
The Latvia has a rate of impots of 0% on the businesses.
Now there is a reelle hypocrisy in France from the political ones on the impots reellement pay by the multinational corporations.
If one believes a report gone out in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only the SMES pay full jar.
Now I confirm that the road traffic is returned to normalcy enorme, and there are cars nine (and dear) has all the corners of street, exactly as before the crisis of 2008.
I live has Dublin for 14 years, the return is evident in the daily corks since the return.
It is supposed to be economical current event?
Do not worry you, I am sure that the commentaries soon catch fire.
In another item that they are writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are implied in a clash on l'A140.
Does Ryanair count now to transfer the passengers of a flight to the other of this manner?
I believe that Mr. O'Leary soon will buy all a new one floats devices, therefore some bumps and stripes on the old ones will quickly be forgotten.
That says I fly with him next week, then I hope that this will not be on the one of these two there once patched ones up.
Then this would be completely fault of the other pilots.
Did Ryanair let a supplement pay to the passengers for the additional fear that one well wanted to furnish them?
But without this kind of Irish businesses, you could not allow you to leave on vacation, young man
I never took Ryanair and the 3 last times that I took the airplane it was with CRADLE.
I prefer when the airline company proposes a quality service.
No, but this is Ryanair, then they are able themselves to give some to heart joy.
Any the item on Ryanair releases tens of commentaries of people that would never take Ryanair to the place of those that like to take Ryanair and think that those that pay something else that the basic tariff have only to take it out on themselves, etc.
This is rather transparent.
Ryanair will not be happy with the additional expenses due to this incident.
I myself which request will be the delays and if it will be necessary to compensate the passengers and, if this is the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying while saying that it was a matter of an error of the aerial inspectors of the airport.
The passengers were put in another airplane in less than an hour, they do not have straight to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you yourself and your compensation dreams.
Welcomes on board of this flight British Airways that takes the English ISIS in Syria, not true as say you.
Good trip
Last Sunday to Paris, street of the Bourgeois Francs: the Marsh is largely pedestrian, and swarms literally of world.
The people do not come in mass for the quality of the restaurants (any, mostly) or for the Parlor of the magazine to the Space of the White Coats (hyper-intellectuel and lightly dusty).
The reason of this crowd, it is that the stores all are opened and that the neighborhood is unbelievably living and animated.
With a lot of foreigners that spend ....
You believe that the opening on Sunday goes created of the jobs?
Go has Paris Street of the Bourgeois Francs where the shops are opened on Sundays, stuffed with world with 50% of tourists.
@False aloes!
The only argument that would appear me admissible is the one of the zones receiving an important number of foreign tourists and it is shaded by the Fact that they buy in détaxe.
The tourist zones lose each year a considerable volume of sales for the same reasons.
Remain the industry where of the costly equipments, exploited on Sundays, allow lowering the prices.
The sunday rest is a right of which profit, safe exceptions, the employees.
This is the reason it is foreseen and règlementé by the labor code.
Or the minister is loaded economy, or, remainder, the one loaded of the foreign affairs, do not have access to the least competence to reform the labor code.
While they curl it.
Does the law that serve to what?
To satisfy a part of the population and businesses that wish to work on Sundays.
To Montreal on Sundays apm I take my small children to the municipal library.
In my City of 30000 inhabitants where I live in France the municipal biblio is opened 4 days a week but not the we!
This is that the access to the culture...
And this is celà also the regulation of the time of work.
the life method that it defended with tenacity against the fascisme
the life method that it defended with tenacity against the fascisme and the bolchevisme
And if the succession of his girl was, against his will, use to pay the succession expenses?
There are paints.
Some are well, of not terrible others.
Doubtless that his succession would want his party of the cake, if you pass me the expression.
His preference for a victory of the nationalist/French one in the Spanish civil war...
And his hostility to the place independence as Ireland and India and its Fascist ideas in their together and add also his well known hate of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me not more.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, it was perfect.
In 1940 It stood up to the other aristos of the government that wanted to discuss an "agreement" with the Nazis and it very skillfully won.
Thanks to his magnificent rhetoric and to his energy, it united the country in the idea that to fight against the Fascist ones was the only manner to win.
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium and, in the last analysis, the entire world, can thank god to have had during these five years, just these five years, Churchill to the bar and no other one.
The magnitude of Churchill has nothing to do with this discussion.
What its descendants sell the paints on the market free for combine the money of the expenses of succession, they even could do a profit.
If the public wants to be able in to admire one in a museum, that they combine the money to buy it.
This is as simple as that.
But we could use the money of the taxes.
No one can deny that, when this was "the truth moment", the personality of Churchill was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War.
One restarts internal market by civil engineering will favor only the big corporations, which ones will increase their dividends while avoiding hiring, the infrastructure work-sites being by definition not very renewable.
As for the social reformations recommended by the minister, they reflect well the true evil francai:s the mistrust towards the dialog
Return to the values princeps.
A reformation of the unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
What the weakest one of is not us in the need!
Is united we come to his assistance, is, it has STRAIGHT in exchange for the services that it returns or returned to a resource minimum.
The SM40H that I prefer to the smic corresponds to this vision.
There is also the lessor that lives income of its property.
There is place to differentiate the one that invests for a return at his retirement and the one that lives of its revenues.
A good to rent indeed two for a couple above, this is vice
The small genius of the Finance uniquely lacks imagination.
The new deal was a politics of big works, but to a lack era in big infrastructures.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
The developed nations are overequipped.
The infrastructure need is marginal therefore in nothing a new deal could be a solution.
Especially to an era where the question of the décroissance emerges in response to a recession that is only a wild décroissance therefore brutal
You would have had reason 30 years ago: more need (or of possibilities) of barriers, mine coal, expressways...
But if one wants to return less rough the future shock climato-énergétique, then, the need of investments is screaming: insulation, renovation of the rail network, urban transportations, transportation and storage of the energy etc...
A taxation that favors the returned tops and the rich individuals.
Who is in power?
Obsessed by the smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a galopin.
The profits of Samsung are put to poorly by the iPhone 6 and its competitors of same range
The introduction mid-September by Apple™ of bigger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 more maybe seduced buyers that otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I have tested all these telephones and decided me for the LG G3.
Therefore Samsung lost me as customer, but not to the profit of Apple.
I believe that it is essential that we have an alternate one.
When Microsoft set up this philosophy, we knew a stagnation decade that at last was broken by Google, Apple and the community open source.
We must have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate the competition and the development.
What's more we have all of the different needs and they cannot be satisfied by a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate design.
Certain no one attach no value to design, for them the options, functionality and the price surpass.
It does not have anything of poorly thereto.
Let's stop looking for "a better platform".
There is "a better car manufacturer", not really, they are different, but similar.
I would want to see an industry of the portable flourishing one, with radically different approaches for people and different markets.
This is healthier and must be encouraged.
Here that is of our interest to all.
I am happy that you found exactly what you looked for and that is not a product Apple, even if me I did a different choice.
Most of the people that I know have iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontistes that according to the one of them fight the ideas and not the men (on the contrary, well on Parisian booboos) can they to say us of which one (the) s author (e) s they fight the ideas on the kind and we to indicate the works that they hear exactly to fight.
Or attack themselves they just to the kind such as describes in The Figaro, Minute or Current Values?
Their sources this is Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Good, John, I very much like you, and you are someone of intelligent one and of cultivate.
I said that on Judith in the vein of evoking Furusato Holopherne, parallel that had not come me (I do not have his vivacity of spirit).
Otherwise, in the "melts", since you there send back, this subject does not interest me, and sincerely I see where is not the problem: I hoped that you and your girlfriends can go out of me my backwardness, for I am slow but I understand well...
@ John: recognize that, culturally, send back Judith to Holopherne, that does it.
Who is afraid wonders the World?
But are of what one fear those that afraid?
Furasato and @ we give elements of response.
The first one while invoking the Judith of the Bible, the second while qualifying Judith Butler of very symbolic cutter of throat.
One sees how much these studies touch on the most intimate at their place.
We are not évidement more in the idea debate.
This is something else, well deeper.
@ Did You read, John, that the World published an item on the necessity of theology?
@ : Being a question of an idea debate I thought that it suited to go to the sources.
Claim fight ideas from the only exposition that about it do their detractors (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Theory of the Kind or X Lacroix, theologian) seems me not very severe.
But good, as I explained it to our friend umpfrontiste this is the whole difference between to have an enlightened opinion and a simple opinion.
I am not on besides that it is understood the nuance.
I did not read Judith, the very symbolic cutter of throat, I was satisfied of the "Second sex" (it was more of my time) that is I believe the source of "the source" according to the vows of The.
While I looked at the eclipses since Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon briefly showed itself when the clouds opened.
This sudden one appearance of the red moon had his charm and compensated a little the disappointment of sometimes to have seen it blocked by the clouds.
It was fabulous here to FNQ.
Yes, the cloud of the last night enclosed really the coast of Victoria and of NSW, while the major party of the remainder of Australia had a clear time.
Special flash moon of blood.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey return the responsible Labor.
But if Plowing accepts our unfair budget, we will return him his true color as soon as possible.
Does that obsess you, no?
I was at Melbourne then naturally I saw only clouds.
Melbourne equally succeeded covering itself during the very week of the rain of meteors of the Perséides and for practically all the important astronomical phenomena of the latter years.
I begin thinking that there is a bad genius of which the only goal is to prevent the inhabitants of Melbourne to see although this be sky.
Melbourne is not really the better place for an observatory, even if the things big improve on the other side mountain range.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I could not see the eclipses because of the clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne.
I will put a TAX on this eclipses.
WHOEVER looks at this eclipses should pay a TAX.
I bet that your first one think about the day is for Abbott, just as the last one before to put to bed you.
Who or what will obsess you when it will finish (necessarily) by disparaitre?
It seems that you passed a lot of times to read the discussions while looking for messages in which these the people criticize on the government Abbott for next to accuse them THEM to be obsessed.
Superb photo of the moon above the Harbour Bridge of Sydney.
One would say that March will enter in collision with the Earth!
Nothing on the stock market and speculation real estate.
Nothing on the inequalities between income of the work and capital.
Nothing on the fiscal fraud.
The extremist liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing on the gardens of Babylone...
The item says some too or not enough.
The detail and the arguments of these préconisations are not given.
No link hypertext towards the origin documents for that one can be done an opinion.
Will see aujourd’hui Tuesday October 15 the results of the recipes miracles: in Spain, the exportations are at the more bottom for five years.
In Greece the stock market collapses.
Nevertheless this are adorned it the examples to follow.
The reformation of the notaries would generate a compensation request on the order of 8 billion Euros.
The ministry of the economy asserts us that these ask compensation are not been founded.
Quid in case of error of the ministry of the economy?
Will the decision-makers having stored the resultant political profit of the courageous attack of the notaries have the same courage at the time of the presentation of the bill to the budget of the state?
The continuation in his time.
Ok, thank you, JYL. ...
@Not lol the State is not comparable to the households in the matter of the management of his budget for the temporal horizon of the State is theoretically infinite while the one of the household is limited by the length of life of its members.
In addition, without considering that the public expenditures are unproductive, these contribute to finance material and intangible investments of the growth of tomorrow and therefore future recipes.
Some response elements.
An unfortunate decision.
But you remember sacred oath of Hippocrate: the health of the profits of the world-wide pharmaceutical corporations must be preserved before all.
Pretty theory of the plot.
Unfortunately the truth does not correspond to your fantasy.
The medical personnel would want to be able to use it, but they have the hands secured by the law such as written by the political ones.
It is the same position that for the product that provokes medical abortions rather than to have surgical risky interventions, the reassured rooms of shoot for the drug addicts rather than to have them in the streets, etc.
On these questions the politicians want to please the uncultivated masses.
To the fact, the doctors do not win any money with the medicines.
It is for that that there are pharmacists.
The doctors do not win any money with the medicines Seen that the Liberals want that our health system resembles the one of the United States, you should inform yourself on how that works.
Everywhere in the world the doctors are wooed same manner, but this is more or less visible.
It was maybe poorly formulated to put the fault on the toubibs, but the reality it is that many countries, of which Australia, give the priority to the profits of the businesses and to the "research".
Read therefore the some rare reports on our expenditures of Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and on the negotiations with the pharmaceutical companies in comparison with the other countries.
Compare the world-wide prices of present medicines everywhere, as well as the differences of a country to the other on what is in free sale or only on order.
That reinforces itself this is a political and economical process not a medical or direct scientific process or indirect.
In certain fact businesses do in this moment same of the essays on the marijuana inhalations against the oncological pains, in spite of the laws that brake them and costly necessary permits.
Although the manufacturers of certain medicines risk not to be happy that one uses alternate such as the marijuana, those that succeed in an offering version of the products of good quality to known doses widely will profit from it.
Sorry of you to say it madam but you are mistaken, it happens a lot of things in the slides for the doctors and the pharmacy.
As for this hospital, they were happy to use it until someone puts the flea to the ear of a person in charge of this hospital.
One CAN not HOLD patents on l'herbe..
If the "researchers" in social sciences did the research instead of doing the political one and réseautage, one can can be to use their "works".
A researcher investigates, it does not compare a fact to another.
To compare is not to look for.
To compare is to do the teaching skills not of the research.
One cannot say "the research is resulted it is necessary to apply it" and next in a same throw "it is necessary to test to all goes".
If your research are resulted why to test?
If your research are not resulted why ask you that one applies them?
Can one to explain me how a "researcher" can deduct that a student that cannot assimilate the mathematical only one could assimilate more easily the mathematical ones and of other matters?
The new technologies allow learning to the condition that the students learn to use the new technologies but how would they arrive to learn the new technologies if they do not know to learn?
The tests pisa are only an informers done an informer that allows us to find informers that we are satisfactory.
To what that uses to construct an informer that informs you of what arranges you, a will of car promotion, a deception?
A single track to form the teaching: to move away from the formation the sophistes and the idéologues and that the general practitioners teach to the general practitioners.
Fabrice reread the paragraph on trainings (that alas very is not argued) and you will see that your conclusion we push to conservatism more inefficient: "It is a device that drives before all to the reproduction of the practices in force, and that does not allow let the system progress ".
Seen the general consensus on the state of the French system one cannot wish that only the general practitioners teach to the general practitioners, even if they have all their place in a modern formation of teach
The theoreticians of the education must have no place.
The general practitioners, have in to have one.
Would you wish to be operated by a surgeon of which the formation is purely theoretical, and that never put the foot in a pad opératoire beforehand?
There is not any consensus on the causes of the problems of the educational system.
To give more weight to the theoreticians of the education, would be to destroy it definitively.
Your analogy is totally bungled: if I would not like to be operated by a general practitioner that has only a theoretical formation, I would like again less to do me to operate by a surgeon that has no theoretical formation and that learned on the pile.
Mike Weatherley, the conservative representative loaded fight against the violation of the right of author by David Cameron
Why not he says all simply to Cameron to stop?
Someone should do a popular arrest.
MDR exmaiers thank you.
If a day I begin feeling me guilty to violate the right of author, it will suffice me to read an item as this one.
In an economy of information, the violation of the right of author = flight.
This is the same thing since they must quote their sources correctly.
Often, obtain a license costs nothing.
No, this is a violation of the right of author.
Not at all the same thing.
While using content without having the adequate license, you deprive the artists of their wins bread.
You always can debate pedantic hypotheses - but this is flight.
And you can repeat it as much as you will want, that not some will become for as much true.
This is a violation of the right of author.
Go, repeat it again.
If a day I begin feeling me guilty to violate the right of author
Visibly that does not disturb you to deprive the artists of their income.
If they think that they should receive money for used pictures in duties of school, an almost perfect definition of what should constitute a reasonable usage, then I am happy to deprive them of this fictitious income.
The lesson no 1 should be to show how, if the children create themselves does not import what and the publish on their social favorite networks, they abandon any intellectual property to the site by virtue of the general conditions that they passed of a click.
Maybe that if they divide the receivers of their portable one mp3 with a buddy in the school bus, they should be expelled for have infringed the law of such manner.
Ah if we could export this resource of which are crammed ourselves, the moaner that says that all goes poorly. ...
If it is a representative PS that the asserts, then we must believe it.
I have 2 children and when they will be in age to choose, I would counsel them to leave France if nothing changed of here there.
France pulls the people towards the bottom in the assistants continually.
I do not want that my children bear the debt that this political one will have created.
What pulls the France towards the bottom are the speeches as the yours.
@Gus I work in private business since always.
I had the LUCK to have worked in businesses directed by of excellent bosses of businesses: that exists in France but it is rare.
I am salaried for I know that I do not have the competences to direct a business and this choice allows me to pull to red weights on the employers no one that I meet frequently.
Comfortable in my basketballs I divide totally the post of John Rock Bernajuzan: it says the horrible truth!
@Gus, if one compares with the German businesses that the bosses of French businesses quote constantly to ask reformations in France, in Germany the businesses knew to structure their industrial fabric to render competitive it, in particular while assuring the link between the big businesses and the averages and small - That await the French employers for some to do as much??
What does the State hold them the hand?
Do this State that they accuse incompetence?
@ Jacques L.
Always this verse anti business bosses on your part!
Recall me, that you created as job, as added value, to be so harsh?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, France is confronted to an insoluble problem: the incompetence of the bosses of incapable French businesses to create jobs and that avoid and simper while awaiting the permanent assistanat of the State!
It is terrible!
But they have solutions: suppression of the labor Code, employer loads, taxes, work 45h/semaine paid 35, and certain, walking on eggs, dare to claim the decrease of the salaries otherwise their suppression!
I am anxious to see all the commentaries "negative" on this subject.
What is ironic view the manner of which the people always complain First Group.
According to what I see from which I am, Last really was not an investment for us the taxpayers.
They tried to maintain itself afloat rather than to transform itself.
That does not want to say that the Scottish iron ways did not improve since that Last itself in takes care.
But they also had improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
We do not have unfortunately the strength to do that, alas.
I tried to have them recently, but I did not succeed.
But good, Plowing will pull us boredom, isn't that right...
This is an international affiliate.
They already operate trains in Germany.
Nothing prevent the people to the United Kingdom to create a more moral business and to take part in the offer calls.
But it seems that we are not very good in management, most of our privatized services end up to be managed by a foreign operator.
I remember again scandal and critics when First won the contract Virgin, all that for that the decision finally is canceled.
And there is better: MTR, a corporation of Hong Kong won the contract of exploitation of Crossrail for 8 years.
Well Plowing, as they repeated it for us during the country of the referendum, is totally for the placement in common and the division and thinks that the workers all help each other themselves by beyond the borders.
One can therefore to suppose that they will be happy to this decision;)
This is maybe because the management of the Dutch one is on of good rails while the one of the British not is it.
That of which ScotRail needs, this is not simply a change of owner but especially new ideas.
Abellio is maybe the less bad possible choice, but the true problem is the ridiculous system of franknesses, not the franchiseur.
"It was a beaten girl".
Lord, I hate, but really I hate this expression kind.
To suppose that the fact to be "beating" is a superior quality to a lot of others, the concern of the others, intelligence, the listens, for example, the fact to be "beating" has nothing to do with the one to survive a disease: cancerous one "beating", that some are not less dead, I know some palanquées.
Go out of a disease has nothing to do with the merit.
Go one will recommence also..
I say you not that this is THE condition for gérir, I say you that that HELPS..
Nothing has to see with any deserves. ..!
When to the examples of your life, there is only you to judge them.
I recommence.
Insinuate, this would be only an instant, that one can have merit go out of a disease or that one can prove unworthy of not in go out, is all simply monstrous one.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that loosens, of everywhere, despite will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry to think the opposite, if, to have a solid morale allows doubtless to accept more easily of the heavy treatments and of itself there to prepare, to attempt the experimental treatments as did it this woman and not to refuse them by fear..
Someone that is beating in medicine, it is before all someone that has confidence in medicine..
But if one prefers to rely on the "lord" is something else..
Or with the merit or with courage.
These considerations are clean to the moralists.
When you catch a dirtiness, a true one, you do yourself to strip to the point of become only a zombie.
Personally I caught two, dirtinesses, big, and if I am myself "beaten" as say these fine psychologists, that completely escaped me.
Unless this fight consists only to clench the teeth, to suffer the hell and to take the blows.
I believed that the accusation against Milosevic had been decided and finalized about ten years ago.
I did not see this name in the newspapers since at least that time.
What is it happening?
This is a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
His process was taken "quickly" and next swept under the rug.
Is this the history that one related to the era?
Did the nationalist become Communist that release three wars in the Balkans during the last decade?
The Communist president of the Republic fédérative socialist of Yugoslavia?
Please, question therefore which one voluntarily left out: 1.
How could the bombardments of NATO be legal by virtue of THE LEAST rule of international right?
Which country Serbia did attack?
About RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why not you mention that NATO destroyed this same building while killing civil, then considered it as a valid target.
Milosevic had no manner of itself go out some: if it did not defend his country against the attacks of NATO, it would be crucified as a traitor.
And if it defended it, it would be swallowed by the cyclist compressor western.
The Western ones used a smoke screen to detach a part of a sovereign State that next unilaterally proclaimed his independence and was prestement recognized by the western States that next lied from one end to the other on the position in the field.
The Serbian population now totally disappeared (ethnic épuration).
Vojislav Kostunica, that is mentioned here, is dead politically after his first mandate in order not to to have known to understand the position that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the faces more controversial of the world politics of the era.
In the last analysis, the Guardian should not qualify Milosevic of tyrant (even if we did not like it).
To my knowledge there is only in Greece that a method of prediction of the earthquakes walks almost, while measuring the level piézoélectrique in the quartz.
This study kind is unquestionably useful and thank you for we to let some the results divide.
A hope therefore but the prudence is placement This water has nothing has to see with the one of the named exoplanet HAT-P-11b, situated to about 124 years light of the Earth in the constellation Cygnus that would be "the planet more small and the coldest one to present detectable molecules of water ", according to a study driven by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine of the University of the Maryland..
Method to follow therefore.
Just as the one that imply animals feeling a threat to arrive.
Thank you Smuggler of sciences to treat us, often, of these experimental prowess that are realized in the world.
How the animals would know (A advances it)?
Doubtless by the perception of other elements of which the rate evolves in case of earthquake.
As the radon for example.
A gas has priori inodore for the man but maybe detectable by the animals.
All these methods are indétectables for the man, but not for the measure instruments of which it disposes.
Now we do not have any reliable result on these tracks…
It to many summers observed times (and since centuries) that certain animals be a question of strange manner some hours with an earthquake, notably the hens, cows, dogs but especially the fish and snakes.
I had seen a report on arte relating the scientific fight of two teams, the a Californian, the Japanese other, to do reconnaitre the validité of their works that concerned animal sensitiveness to the earthly magnetic fields, and particularly to their modification before a seisme.
Then well on I am not scientific but their hypotheses had convinced me!
Or is some one on these research?
Why as much of contempt towards this track?
One should learn again has to listen the nature…
If one examines the things calmly and severely, one publishes it in a serious magazine, and no one mistaken it.
As soon as one talks about the "sign" given by the animals, one comes up against the same bias: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the red fish turned strangely in round.
I do not understand that one can think that Boron done a good leader for the Conservative ones.
It some too did as mayor of London.
When one listens the program of LBC one can prevent oneself from think only this not man known anything and that it always tries to do diversion with one jokes.
It never replies directly to although this be.
It also said as it agreed with Farage, then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him on what.
It was not able to name a single point.
It did so many promises to do itself to elect as mayor and it not some held a single one.
That does nothing but to underline to which not at all the remainder of the Conservative Party is only a fuck pack, no?
Because it is popular.
Because it is funny.
It was in "Have I New Gory For You".
Because it is a fame and that one inculcated to the people the adoration of fame.
The of London voted for him and it will be the same for the remainder of the country.
When (and not if) it to take the direction on the part, the quotation of popularity of the Tories will burst the ceiling I am some certain.
What God helps us.
I am some not so sure: the people like joke them, but do not want that their Prime Minister is one
This is exactly what one said of London.
It should have brought with him his friend the parpaing, more intelligent than him
To several consideration, I think that it tries to copy R Branson
The Americans in had one as President.
The French are themselves really and always made lose interest in History of the war of the Pacific.
For all those that gave themselves the penalty of in to read some books (it exists some, of which a French and excellent of B.
Millot), the "Salomon" and the "scrap straits" speak, as much unfortunately that the deaths that remained over there.
One understands that the Australians, that know (one of their heavy cruiser, the Australia, always there must be by the bottom since the battle of Savo) do not want there to return.
We effectively past sum in front of the ile of Savo, in l" Iron Bottom Sound".
Even if the mission touches has his end.
This is well the small.
But the quotation ecolo is a total enfumage.
Calculate the kerozene consumes to attain the objective décrédibilise totally the concept..
It suffices to traverse the list of sponsors That of the philanthropists.
An operation of com of does more or do does or have to do.
The cow, that gives too envies!!!
I await the websérie with impatience!
Your recit does me rever, while identifying me a little to the passage (I also learned has to sail with the Crocos of THE Elorn to the White Mill in roads of Brest!).
Hat also for the message ecologique, meme so some criticize the impact of the deplacement.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to do us rever, and to show with fierte that the Breton are big travelers!
Rock, of Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening I think that the red cap that showed against the taxes is happy to to know that this trip is sponsored by the Region Brittany and the City of Brest.
More more more seriously it seem to me than the local groups and the public organisms of any sort should not consecrate a penny of our taxes to finance the dreams of some adventurous even as likable ones as those- there!
Are there players in the current Serbian formation that is of Kosovar origin?
I know that Dusan Bajevic to Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly to the Juventus and now to the Fenerbahçe, are Mitrovica, but I do not know if they are again in the team
This is Bisevac defender of it Lyon, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was environment of land or before in the years 70 and 80 and induced many teams in Greece, but I do not know from which it is.
Bajevic is Mostar, in Bosnia herzégovine, and played as attack in the big team of Velez that, under the guardianship of the legendary Suleman Rebac, finished two times in second place in the yugoslavian league (and counted equally sizes as Vahid Halilhodzic and the faithful team member of Arsène Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just by curiosity, that did it arrive to Krasic?
One said that it was going to become a big player when it was at the Juve, it is currently in Turkey, but the last time that it appeared on my screen radar it was linked to Blackburn *shiver*
There, I cannot help you.
I know that it lost his place when Tells arrived, then it went to the Fener and as much as I know it there is not tenured.
Can it maybe again do something, maybe in the Great League indian?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, do not have fear.
You should like Albania because you are neighbors.
The thing it is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the true Albania of today.
Apparently it was the flag of the Big Albania, that includes all the regions where there is an important Albanian presence.
A little excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, it did not there have too much damage (that I know).
Indeed, it was an Albanian flag with the card not of what one calls the Big Albania, but Albania before 1913, when the big European powers decided to give bouts of the country to the countries neighbors.
How one can to have felt "a joy explosion" in visionary two turns to collapse knowing that of the women, men and doubtless children are at the interior?
How???
What embarrasses me a little in this "testimony", it is that the only one does to have been able, this would be only once, gladden itself spontanément of the horrible death of thousands of people, testifies to my eyes of a personality "to trim line" of which all the "testimonies" should be taken with the biggest circumspection.
Doubtless that to the current moment of "joy", one will not have thought about the deaths or to the reality of the inflicted horror.
One will have just thought, an instant, that, for once, Moslems had succeeded doing really and apocalyptically poorly to the mean big Satan in his heart same.
To do qqch of powerful one.
Of grandiose one.
It would seem that this feeling was divided by thousands of Moslems gnawed by their humiliation feeling.
With filmed testimonies in Palestine.
Classical Schadenfreude.
One doubted some oneself a little.
The west "Christian/white/Gallic" cannot measure the degree of frustation, of anger, of hate of the musuman when it contemplates the misery génèrale, the under social and cultural development of the world arabo Moslem of aujourdhui.
I talk about the suburbs of Cairo or of Algiers, not turns of Dubai.
The past splendor, certainly idealized is not a consolation, on the contrary.
How the Moslem world go out of this devilish funnel?
Totally in phase, 2 major poisons irrigate the Arabic world l: conservatism religious zealot of the strengths in place and the fascistic nihilisme.
The common point, the freeze of the thought and the excommunication (soft or army) of his critical expression.
What one understood it before, must not do to back up the Moslems.
This is the only way.
Did Edwy Plenel read this item?
I suppose that it is true in many countries.
But in Great Britain, the fall marks the beginning of six long dark, humid and depressing months that affect well-being and the mood of a lot of people.
What's more, everyone falls sick.
Seasonal depression.
I in suffers myself.
When the light leaves, that becomes the hell for me and those as me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little for the mood and well-being.
The fall is beautiful in Great Britain, with or without rain.
The country in particular is to be cut the breath in the fall.
Not as much to cut the breath that the green of the summer when all is living instead of to be about to to die.
In Great Britain, if you are lucky, the summer falls a weekend.
One had a beautiful one been this year, done not do your grouch that repeats clichés!
Not everyone.
I fall rarely sick in the winter.
But now I am at the retirement and I no longer develop immunity to the germs of the outside, that can change, I suppose.
This is not to be about to to die, it is just a step in a cycle...
A wonderful step a lot of drunken odors, with a feverishness that peaks with festivities as Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risks of enneigement and a lot of other wonderful words.
It suffices of not to stop doing the things!
Here my recommendations for the parties for you.
Yes, these dark and gray months return effectively a lot happier and more relaxed one.
For the fiscalisation of the increases for children, it is the amount steep-sided by the State that originates essentially déciles 8 to 10.
But in that concerns the number of households having seen their tax to increase after this measure, are especially the déciles 4 and 5 that are concerned (returned medians) according to the graph 2.
The suppression of the half one leaves concerning especially the widows not at all is treaty in the item or rather his impact is complêtement under evaluated: 230M of Euros it is a joke that does not hold counts impact in 2012 and 2013 and under hears that she is painless.
And this is not ready to arrange itself.
Good, one is not on the straw of course, but pensive
For once the PS done a political rather left one one will not cry...
It is evident that those that are part of the 20% the richest ones must bear well more than 75% of the increase of the taxes, why not 90%?
Let's continue thus and you will encourage these 20% to less to work or to leave.
Good, I know, this is not politically correct, but I say it nonetheless.
Lively the Trots and the recycled OCI to the PS: they everything included.
Adam, you see poorly what you look at.
The proportion always is the same, here or to the Bahreïn: 20% of the population holds 80% of wealths.
An equitable tax, this is when it forbids to whoever to store up as much as it can.
Beyond a certain limit money loses any sound usefulness.
And once surpassed the usefulness of money, money no longer serves than to do money, this is) to say to do the misfortune of the biggest number.
One is part of the 20% the richest ones.
Doubtless also of the 20% of homes that work the more (and create wealth of which a party logically is redistributed).
An equitable tax must allow these homes to take advantage on one hand of their efforts.
Or well then as much to lower the arms and live social minima, especially if one has access to a social lodging.
The utopias of the coupeurs of heads to the red Khmer fortunately lived.
I did two AirBnB in Norway recently.
No problem.
In the one of the two, we had things that one would not have had in a hotel 5 stars and we did not have to present ourselves to the reception or do facing the least one traced.
It suffices to go with someone, of there to sleep, to arrange behind oneself and to set off again.
From now on this will be my first option when I am in trip.
The logo changed, the people...
Verify your assurance before renting your house.
In most of the cases it is necessary for you a kind of assurance of owner.
You assure to use a service with the good logo!
Ah, 6H too late.
I love Airbnb.
"This is very dangerous and highly risky" Not this not is true.
You have just really missed luck.
According to the furnished link in the item:
To his disposal, the response of Airbnb to Teman was quick, almost absurdly quick.
In the 24 hours, according to a furnished e-mail to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb had sent a locksmith to change the locks, take disposals for that it passes a week to the hotel and transferred 23 817 $ (for which Airbnb is assured, but nonetheless).
Does then why this item quote Teman complaining that it did not receive any support of Airbnb?
I love AIRBNB, to receive as to travel
Hello I look for people that already used air bnb just to reassure me.
I envision to pay a down payment and a months of rent of a blow but I have a little fear to send 1 600£to a site of which I did never really hear to speak.
But where is going t one?
"To support the troops", sang the Bu$herie on all the tones…
Inoffensive weapons therefore.
I am sure that that will please the families and close of the thousands of Kurdish deaths to halabja to learn that their parents and friends succumbed to something else that to chemical bombardments of saddam hussein.
Unless the content of the item radically was modified by the author, your commentary is inaproprié (to remain polite).
Of more, in what this crime of committed mass in 1988 would it prove that the chemical weapons discovered close to 20 years later were again usable?
This is not clear hyper trains it author: "To the research of weapons of massive destruction.
One is well agreed.
You believe that this is the moment to weaken the army to reinforce the education
This is never the moment to reinforce the education, for we always are at war.
Alternate: This is ALWAYS the moment to reinforce the education, for we are always at war?
One would already reinforce by far the education if one "the" did to work 35 hours instead of 17.
On time, our teaching ones win currently more than engineers.
And that one does not do us to believe that teaching them pass 18 hours a week to prepare their program.
But that does not see itself since the National Education does not have the means to furnish an office to the high school/high school to its teachers therefore they slave over at their place.
A sort of forced télétravail on the whole, safe that the employer does not pay or the computer, or the connection internet, or the supplies.
Besides, it is so stashes it to 17H a week and 4 months of vacation that one arrives not to fill the CAPES of maths, come, one awaits you.
How that you do not want to lug you poorly educated chiards of which the parents you spit over while treating you branleur?
I think that the priority in this zone this is to disarm the djihadites so that the population khurde better can blossom.
There where one sees that the administration Bush absolutely all did crosswise.
My first job graduate it was in the sale, to London, to win three times nothing and it was nevertheless a post for which it was necessary a diploma.
A year later, I saw an announcement to be worker for the subway of London, it was paid 5 000£of per year and one did not ask even the patent.
I never regretted.
To this subject, not some done you if you do not find a job graduate, try to find something is that pays well, is that you like to do.
If I had remained some at the jobs graduates, I would be some again to pay my ready student
I like not so the work in business, then I hope to past term is in the public function is in the university world.
LOL LOL LOL This item arrives really late!
Exactly, when I obtained my diploma in 2011 there already was an overdue one of three years.
The better manner to reduce the number of the graduates without job?
Rid systems bisounours as art / letters / theater / media / philosophy / political sciences, that is to say which one calls the diplomas of unemployed.
I have one of these diplomas and I finished production director.
It proved himself that the important one was not the diploma but, as the item above the says, a voucher traverses professional, while beginning to the school and throughout the university.
Of course the salary of departure was inferior but one brings up quickly the rungs because in the real world what counts is the results more than the knowledge.
This debate studies of engineer / artistic systems last since years.
The scientists cannot resolve all the problems, it is more important to be able to get up in the morning, to arrive to the work per hour and to interact with the people so as to obtain from the results.
Letters, are philosophy and art systems bisounours?
It is ridiculous.
I suppose that you talk about the diplomas kind study of the media or whatever the abstruse system where you went.
Letters, philosophy, political sciences and art are true systems.
It is necessary for us people that can explain the big questions to the secondary school students, that understand the importance of the bases of the culture as the literature, the art, etc., and the placements in value.
This would be not better a true territorial political one to clear Paris and to revitalize the remainder of France?
Personally, I see poorly lives them end melts Essonne and Val-d’Oise to do 80KM round-trip ticket everyday in bicycle to come to work to Paris.
The intra-muros inhabitants and small belt already dispose many means of public transit otherwise do more practice (subway, bus, tram).
> Several reassured and closed parks to key, as it exists some already in the cities of the north of Europe, to Dijon or to Lyon, will be installed on the garbage collection.
Good idea.
In surface, the space is cannibalisé by the 2RM.
In passing, one hopes that the City of Paris works with professionals of the Netherlands and Denmark.
As much benefit from their big experience in the domain.
Well one did not find place for A SINGLE device of clash of bicycle.
The motivation seems stronger when it is a matter to find an office for Bertrand Delanoë….
Good, that not at all goes.
When one discusses with pedestrians and other users of the public transit of the reasons for which ones they do not pedal it seem to me that the principal reasons that go out again are: 1/ it is dangerous hyper with all these cars, these trucks, these scooters that roll great quickly and screw themselves survival of the bicycles 2/ one takes oneself a lot of pollution in the head For me the cycle tracks are worse to go, it is necessary to reduce the circulation automobile (urban toll type congestion loads), reduce speed (Paris = zone 30), let the code of the road respect while verbalizing systematically (Even the bicycles to the damper meadows that it is necessary to adapt the code of the road writes for cars 100 years ago to the bicycles), generalize the zones plugs after the studded passages, not before otherwise cars and scooters not itself gènent.
The cycle tracks this is apartheid, it is necessary to cohabitate but to readjust the occupation of the urban space.
Nothing on the bicycle in the big Paris?
Not a word on the place of the bicycle in the public transit?
EELV has reason.
The objective of 15% of deplacements to velo is ridiculous.
I begin believing that Anne Hidalgo rolled the greens in flour.
Besides of apres which retrieves NOW, the assistant EELV seem skeptical.
I prefere etre optimist.
Before the racket begins, more better would be worth to find that hides itself really behind this slaughter.
Index: this is not Russia.
Not sure to like the manner of which evolves the world.
Ca seems horrible.
My children are not a financial active one.
A lawyer expressed his intention to carry the matter in front of the CEDH, but I did not hear to say that a complaint effectively was deposited.
Of more, they must deposit complaint first in Germany or in Ukraine.
I expect also to this as these matters are pushed back while awaiting the result of the report of investigation on the accident and criminal investigation that about it would result.
Ouais but the Libya did not do to explode Section Am 103 not one more.
Malaysia Airlines is not in wrong, the fault falls to loaded authority of the security of the aerial space, in this case the Ukrainian government.
Was the accident predictable?
Of others had had been cut down previously, the Ukraine launched in the zone of the aerial attacks against the rebels and any airplane of course could be considered as a possible and immediate threat.
The Ukrainian government took reasonable precautions to the evident view of a threat or did it choose to play with the life of innocent ones for that the airline companies pay the rights of flying over of the territory?
Where are all the pro trolls kiev that defend their government usurper / the ultranationalists of the Ukraine of the West - and that want to show wholesale that Putin cut down the flight MH17.
As far as I know, there already is a complaint against the government of Kiev for they are responsible of what happens in their sky.
The preceding one: a stop of 1986 of the international Course of Justice that concluded that the weapon supply by the CIA to the forces rebel of the Opposed to the Nicaragua did not mean that the United States is responsible of their actions.
No luck that Russia leaves this matter to go to the CIJ.
It is funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that of the Australians were murdered by rebels sustained by Russia.
I hope that it can present proofs to support its allegations.
So far the investigators did not say anything of such.
Be called Ricardo and be a such Boeotian in éco, it is distressing!
To be called Polar is to lose the north is gladdening.
A single Boeotian questionde: is what the poor one of today is poorer than the poor one of yesterday?
I do not can m'empècher me to notice that those that criticize the more virulament delivers it Piketty read it!
It is easy to read, I put some days.
It shows the evolution statistics of income production, returned capital, inequalities concentration, inequality of the income of the work, property of the capital, deserves and inheritance in the log term..
It shows that the concentration of the capital of today rejoined the one of the beginning of the 20° before 1914, it shows that it is the 2 World War that did lowered the concentration of the capital, of 1914 à1945, then how the concentration resumes after...
Bernajuzan: you said not to what.
I ask you how much time that took you to read this paved knowing one that the capacity of concentration of an individual has some limits.
Next, the question is not any knowledge if it is easy to read.
The question if is summarized it central thesis that some gave the press is just or not.
If she is just, one can debate of this one without having read the book of which the essential one consist in to argue in unique direction in favor of this one.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajuzan: how much time did you put to read it?
The central thesis of his paved summary by the press is false?
I did not read and will not read it.
I trust therefore to the central summary of his thesis and it is that one that appears me pure humbug.
The gap notion between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Is humanity not on the whole enriched itself?
And this added enrichment to a growth of the population is the true political question today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the price without any doubts.
But you recall that she has only 17 years.
An age to which one most of the people begin all just one to find their place in the world.
I hope that this price will not be a burden for the girl and that she will find his way to take a happy life.
The problem this is not the price but the capital politics of the western governments that want to prove the old adage according to which the perverse colored ones are the incarnation of the evil.
All my vows of happiness to Malala, but she must go counts that she is used and that nothing will be done to educate the girls to the Pakistan or elsewhere - even not in the popular neighborhoods of Great Britain!
Someone thought that his speech was a not very strange one.
She thanked his father of him to have given a lot of liberties but mentioned that, if she was not there where she is now, she would have been married to 14 years.
Malala itself not does she left these "perverse colored"?
You should not have any "antenna time" on this site.
You are, yourself, a perverse horrible one.
This is absolutely offending.
No, his father was not going to marry it to 14 years.
She was 15 years old when one pulled him over.
His father directs a school where the girls are sent to school and it is in favor of the equality of the rights for the women.
It is, and always was, for that she receives a superior education and that she has the right to decide itself of his marriage.
For as much, this is someone of unusual to the Pakistan, in the measure where it thinks that the women are the equal one men.
What she said is an average Pakistani girl often must get married to 14 years, without having his word to say.
Sorry that she did not enunciate it sufficiently eloquent manner for you.
That can seem contradictory, but maybe she wants to say that, if his father had not given him liberty, she would have been married to 14 years
Rather disappointed by this entry regarding season 4 and all particularly by Jessica flannel Blanket that visibly has a little poorly to find his personage of double of Marlene Dietrich.
I have just looked at the two last seasons that are rather different but I must admit that this is one of the better series of horror, one of the more resulted!
A first fascinating episode.
The realization is close of the perfection and the show of Jessica flannel Blanket singing the anachronistic Life one March of Bowie is all simply reversing one.
I did not again look at this new season (that will be the last one for me, without flannel Blanket bof bof).
In the case of American Horror Story I preferred to have suddenly that to look at 13 episodes spread out over 3 to 4 months.
But a thing is on, outside of Jessica flannel Blanket extraordinary, it is especially the risks of present and of mountings that astonish me.
One has in AH an avalanche of original plans that ridicules not poorly the sterilization of the productions of aujourd’hui.
Ca escapes me a small few one to see you to throw the sponge in advance for the next seasons without even to await strength in to measure the quality.
Jessica flannel Blanket is of course a pillar of this series but, you say it so well, there is well something else again.
Not it is all simply that for me Jessica flannel Blanket (and especially his way and the manner of which she uses it) is really one of the pillars of the series outside of the technical qualities.
And good bah I look at a lot for her.
Then I find that the series sins by writing, she wants too to do things at the same time.
The season 3 was lightly in under, in the 2 this too was dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I see them not to do 10 seasons of American Horror Story or that will finish as 24 hours stopwatches what.
But good each does what wants hein!
This is by what I say "I no longer will look at next" than everyone is obliged to do similar!
I divide simply my point of view nothing of more, nothing of less.
The loss of Jessica flannel Blanket, I think that she will be him fatal.
But after, here, it is just my opinion.
Let's speak less than raise taxes, please - coupon rather in the expenditures of the State.
No, let's increase the expenditures please.
Those that wanted to cut down in the expenditures failed.
Release debates about expenditure posts comparatively not very important, as the assistance to the development
The problem, it is that that represents less than the margin of error in the expenditures of the government to the United Kingdom.
The truth it is that we all are talking about nuances rather than change of orientation that the voters seem to call of their vows and for this whole certain time, in every camp, pretend that these nuances are well more important and more substantial than they are not it - and the voters see clear in their game and the find dishonest.
Less than 1% of the expenditures.
The "debt", this is of the of active prisoners essentially by financial institutions in this country.
The "debt" is nothing of which it is necessary to worry.
I would not see any problem to what the government appropriates itself a third of my income (before even to talk about the taxes on the consumption) if I thought that it went to use it to good advice.
But this is not the case, and a lot of taxpayers have the same feeling.
One says that Nigel Farage was not completely honest on how to reduce the taxes but good, if you add our net contribution to THE E.U., the assistance to the development, High Speed 2, the subsidies to the almost useless windmills and the central nuclear power that cost the double of what they should, you arrive to a figure that does well ridiculous paraitre the tax of Plowing and lib-dem on the Residences more luxurious.
Your first 10 000£are not taxable.
That means that someone that wins 35 000£per year will pay about 5 000£ (a seventh one of their salary), someone with 50 000£would pay around 10 000£ (a fifth one), etc. and someone with 200 000£pays about 70 000£ (a little more of a third).
And the social contributions?
More the social contributions, more the local taxes, more the expenses of parking and the label automobile, and this is before the VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is removed to the source before the local taxes and the label automobile.
I am paid in a decent way, but not in an extravagant way.
Not that this be a problem, of course, I am happy to pay my taxes.
But let's not do pretence to believe that money falls of the sky, or that it is not important to know where pass billion deliver taxes.
How an unemployed that looks for work to the door-to-carries it can prove it?
When well even, 20% of the unemployed would not look for, that wants to say that 80% look for and do not find.
Being myself unemployed, do I have more interest to this than the others look for or not?
What a potential recruiter receipt 10 or 20 CV, that augment my luck so much.
Effectively I did not have of new ones of Center Job since months, that wants to say that the agents are more occupied to operations of checks than to really to do to return from the announcements of job?
I do not see the interest.
Because this is not at the State to furnish work.
If Polishes Job furnishes do not enough post, then it is necessary to happen Shine Job.
Is in what it a question of a sensitive subject?
We have all of the rights and duties, in this case one assures oneself that the unemployed fill well their duties in compensation of their rights.
Just as a required inspector their title of transportations to the users of a means of transportation, a boss of service or some are the employees of their work, etc.
Does no one scream to the scandal in these cases, no?
It is effectively good to recall that the unemployed have rights: the two alone times where I had to deal with Center Job, my rights to the ARE poorly had been established, and on the one of the files, amputated of 40%, it was necessary to fight firm.
That takes time!
I am not expert in right.
The fichage and the check gets the upper hand currently, while statutory Center Job is close to be, indeed, an insurance company.
I would add that the subject of the compensation should concern only the employees, it is they who pay the côtisations.
The political and the French non-employees win of the rights that they do not have in fact!
This is not normal.
I would add that a worthy unemployment insurance participates in the development of the salaried work.
More than to await tweets assassins in Arab...
In reality it is necessary to have a direct military response in Iraq / Syria that will stop Isis so that this virus does not attain this zone of conflict.
The position would resemble then to the propagation of the black plague in 1348/9 in link with the war and the population movements to the era.
The Saudi ones had the presence of spirit to forbid this year the Hadj to the Mecca to the Moslem pilgrims come of the three touched countries.
Even El retrieves that 7 400 saw their request of refused aim because of their country of origin or of their recent trips.
In fact there was the come case of a pilgrim of Bosnia that contracted the Smallpox to the Mecca during the Hadj in the years 80, probably contaminated by a come pilgrim of Somalie, where the disease exists again.
I hope that the remainder of the world will have the same presence of spirit.
Is what is to be without heart that to propose to prevent the patients of Ébola to take an airplane for Europe?
I thought that it was simple common sense but apparently those "that know" decided that one could risk the life of ten of thousands of people...
These countries of Africa of the West where Ébola is outside check should be put in forty strict one.
No one goes out.
Only the personnel of health can enter.
21 days of expectation after treating patients before they can to leave.
If they contract the virus Ébola while they are over there, they there remain until they are healed.
This are not there drastic measures.
Nothing that last week, people were contaminated after having contacts with people in Africa of the West although they took "all the necessary precautions".
One can stop the advance of this disease.
She propagates herself principally by the airline companies.
Let's forbid them to offer to fly towards these countries.
Of more, the agents of the customs in the airports should be formed to spot the people presenting typical symptoms of Ébola, for that these can be put immediately in forty.
What it arrives to let pass the message of the individual first and of the group (including religious) second and it will have deserved the Nobel of the peace.
I doubt that it is able to erect in dogma the picture of God characterized by the total of the cortices of the planet in functioning.
It is again far that conception.
That does 20 years only that information appeared as the given premium of humanity, while the religion, coming from the cerebellum directs our actions since Lucy maybe.
Which is the interest to become a énième church Protestant?
For those that did not notice it, the Catholicism is widely minority in France today, no one is forced of there to adhere.
Those that criticize would not put in any case the feet to the Church, there is only to see the weak number of Protestants in France.
Which is the next step, one removes the sin notion, too "stressful"?
@Louise: Sorry the church does not have a limited vision to France.
And in the world, can be that will allow touching more world...
@Martine E, to be honest (as usual) the respect of others such as you envision it preexisted to the christ.
Hillel a century before said him already: "does not do to others what you do not want that one does you is there THE very Torah and the remainder is only commentary: goes and student!".
Christianity goes well beyond a simple reciprocity but introduces the agapê.
Your "to let justice progress, peace, the brotherhood" but without god?
This is a return to communism? : -)
Next step: one removes the incarnation and the resurrection.
Jesus will remain this hero that distressed the moral laws while redefining the respect of others.
The Christians will be then ready to assume their role in the ethical debate of our corporations and to let justice progress, peace, the brotherhood.
Not very Catholic?
I believe to remember that the weak number of Protestants in France principally explains by the Fact that their ancestors were exterminated then convert force and pushed to the immigration there are some centuries.
I hesitate too between to buy that, the new game Alien, or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite goes out soon.
That does not invent itself.
Me personally I would choose SoM.
I very much like Wasteland 2 (I even participated in his country of lifting of funds) but I do not think that that is worth 30£.
If it is the version PC that interests you, Green Man Gaming sells currently SoM to 30£and proposes also a voucher of reduction of 20%.
Green Man Gaming sells currently SoM to 30£and proposes also a voucher of reduction of 20%.
I will look at.
Evidently not to the work.
The flap joy of the computer department block all the sites sympas.
Hello, is what is 30£then 20% of reduction, or is what the 30£include the 20% of reduction?
Attention nevertheless: the version PC is only for DX11.
That took me by surprise, I bought it, but there cannot play.
What's more I bought it on Steam, therefore no reimbursement, it is null.
It is time to buy a new video card *does the mouth*
This is a Brazilian site, but you obtain an identifying valid Steam, I believe.
Caveat emptor and all that: I did not use it myself.
Amazon 30£for PC, 35£for Xbox 360 and PS3, 44£for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I would be afraid that a day they obliterate it of your library if they decide to hold sway against the people that buy it there while they are outside the foreseen region.
Rejoin therefore the version beta of Elite: Dangerous.
Thus, the France of 1940 was she a "putrid compost"?
Say therefore, this price Nobel has me all the air of a poisoned gift.
It is necessary to like it the France of 40, the one of "the strange defeat"?
When one sees that obtains the literature Nobel one wonders if Proust or Dostoïevsky would have it today.
The Nobel is not even an event, one does not have even envies to read the surpassed authors.
Brazilian, Chinese or Australians will read Modiano that already is with difficulty legible in French and that describes a universe if limited and if égocentré?
I hope that the other Nobels are more credible but frankly I in doubt.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only a distant report with the literature.
The did you read at least?
Or another price Nobel?
This would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, to the Brazilian and other ones, do not worry you for them.
The foreigners are very sensitive to the literature and to the French cultures, them.
They will know to appreciate Mr.
Modiano to his just value, if they do not know it already!
Of your side, continue to frequent Lévy and Musso.
I divide your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso preserve all their luck.
Let's then see that obtained the literature Nobel: O'clock.
Get drunk in 2005, D.
Good day the horrible one.
Since that I some drove one in Iceland, I stop not to see Kia Sportage everywhere.
I believe that this thing followed me so far.
Maybe that she wants to crush me?
Or to swallow me as the horrible computer of Superman III?
Hello Dantra, always hate?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my médocs.
This is Wednesday!
I had some days of rest.
It was cool.
During the weekend last I went to the party of beer and cider of Nottingham.
It was messy.
I succeeded tasting 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel being one of my favorite ones.
I pleasantly was surprised by the people mixture over there, there was not that of the fanatics of CAMRA (to not to confuse with the fanatics of the movie camera).
Drive on the return Sunday it was really hard.
Monday evening one went with the grandfather of a pal to play nine card brag.
Thanks to a true luck of beginner I was able to set off again with several decent placements.
I hope that if I arrive to 95 years I will be as lively as him.
Last night I went to a bar to chic cocktails to Farringdon.
One of my drinks arrived with a bacon slice over.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand to which not at been all mistaken you, dear Christian.
That says, without wanting to annoy you, I believe that you move away yourself a little the subject.
This fine entirety, she forbids the quests for the djihâdistes to the go out of the mosques.
She signals without delay the illegal dealings in weapons.
Is one has the eyes big open as Meddeb and Taïa or Boubaker is one has the big closed eyes.
It is necessary to choose.
This is not while keeping the closed eyes that one attains has the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but once more, you done one against monumental direction: the entirety of authorities, organizations or representative, Moslem associations or no, definitely having condemned the EI and its crimes, the French, Moslem or no, have nothing to add to these unanimous official condemnations.
Who does not say word consents.
The problem, it is that of the people as you see them first as Moslems, Arabs or Africans.
Not as French.
Unfortunately, dear kentoc'h Mervel, the doubt exists for everyone.
As I said it thousand time, some doubt the approval by the Jewish French of the Israeli slaughters to Gassed, but it would be stupid and indecent of some to accuse them has priori and to demand that they show publicly to prove to the remainder of the French corporation that she is wrong of in to doubt.
This principle is at my eyes the negation of the republic and can only to contribute to flake the French corporation.
IF there is not doubt, as much to say it.
Who does not say word consents, but consents to what?
Consents to a proximity with EI or to the condemnation of EI.
The silence is well practical, it is the principal weapon of those that want domestic the goat and the cabbages.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically intolerable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland can, at the time of the elections, "to avenge itself" on the part represented to Westminster because a huge ditch dug itself between their suggestions of decentralization and which they promised on the eve of the referendum on the independence.
Cameron must be petrified to the idea to lose all these seats to Westminster...
Cameron must twist itself laugh.
Is it what these threats?
The Conservative ones screw themselves completely Scotland seen that they did not sit anything.
They can do what they want in any electoral impunity.
I do not think that same Cameron is rather stupid to believe that losing Plowing of the seats to Westminster to the profit of the SNP is a good thing in the long term for him and the Conservative ones.
Who will pour a tear for the Labor Party.
They will be done totally to eliminate in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP that will cut them the head in the north.
Ed Miliband joined itself to the "PROMISE" thinking that it saved his party but without going counts that it signed the stop of death of its Scottish representatives.
Not astonishing that certain Labor representatives ask accounts to their leader.
If the SNP wins 20-25 seats and that there is not majority to the parliament, even if the seats do not come from the Conservative ones, they be then in very good positions to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force at once the Conservative and the Plowing to do what they promised for a maximum decentralization.
I believe that this is rather that the important.
Not if Plowing or the Conservative ones want to be reelected a day in England.
To wax the pumps of 8% to the detriment of 85%, is a great electoral strategy.
What's more, once the Scottish representatives will not be anymore able to vote on the subjects that concern England, the Conservative ones will win all the votes.
Oh, I believe although it is it.
Cameron has maybe not a lot to lose, but Miliband if.
Maggie did it with the unionists of the Ulster and that well succeeded him.
Nevertheless, it always is in lists to be Prime Minister in 2015 and this since that it won the direction of the Labor Party.
Therefore, wholesale, these cans potentially will be behind every reader to look at by over his shoulder and to see what it reads, how it reads, and to the end.
This is "The life of the others" Germany of the East or the applied KGB to the world of the FRIC…
Always the same fascination for techniques of supervision.
In the end, that will have at the minimum an effect sterilizer.
I await the next ticket: Amazon makes YOUR book according to YOUR profile and that automatically thanks to an algorithm of his secret!
It is cheerful as world.
Strongly stimulate.
Thank you for the item.
As under this system, the management of the DRMs is not implemented, it remains me the reading of the pirated files, books of the public domain or bought with some editors that have the intelligence to propose files without black box.
Seen the price that I paid the Kobo, this is without regret.
I am stunned generalized abdication of the users facing the generalized appropriation of their private life.
With your bookseller general public, you systematically will notice that everyone gives his fidelity card (fn*c, d**itre, …).
There are also of the bosses-d one' exacting works of which the rates of opening and of achievement are doubtless derisory.
For example" Finnegans Wake" of James Joyce.
@Thomas: In the era of the Big one Dated, the data has not really need to be personal to be pertinent.
Attention to not to put the very literature in the same ferry.
The harvest of anonymous data when there is a profile….
The harvest is not anonymous.
It is given them published by Kobo that are it, not allowing or to identify the readers, or the authors.
But Kobo has well all these information, him.
There were so exaggerated, erroneous and contradictory declarations from the Turkish government the latter days that the country seems to be directed by a class of maternal a lot of kids schizophrènes under acid.
This is again worse than that if you take into account religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that certain favoring Erdogan thinks that Islamist is a such insults that they eliminate your commentary, but not mine. ; -)
Well seen: -P But Turkey does not want to pull itself a bullet in the foot, to less than there to win something.
If she attacks ISIS, ISIS will retort, therefore this is effectively to pull itself a bullet in the foot.
A diplomat to the retirement writes on his blog: "The AP retrieves that the Iran warned the United States that this would be an error try reverse lei president Syrian Bachar Al assad for that would endanger the security of Israel.
It is not clear in the item if the Iran sent there one engraves warning of reprisals or if it counseled simply the prudence.
This second option is more probable and, in any case, what surprises really is today the Iranian diplomatic engagement and American concerns the Syria, Israel and the security of the region".
The reading of Indian Punchline is to be recommended strongly to whoever pays attention to the details rather than to the c*nneries balanced by the traditional media. The current item of which give you the link is important and should be read while keeping to the spirit the realistic observations / preceding warnings come of Iran to proposes Afghanistan around 1979 - 1980.
Who are these "moderate" that fight seriously the horrible civil Assad and at the same time the perverse one of ISIS?
Politics of the pipelines pushes the world towards the abime and I would suggest to those that refer to the "moderate" nonexistent to do more attention to the facts and to the alternate ones before sending the children of the others to beat themselves in the Third World War.
"This is again worse than that if you take into account religious fundamentalism of Erdogan" THERE it has other religious fondamentalistes in power at the Middle East?
I have one in head.
It would be necessary a process of Nuremberg for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
Would it "be necessary"?
You realize that or the criminals, or the victims, do not have the least luck to be again in life?
A little late for that, my pal...
The criminals would they be not scarcely old now, kind 120 years?
A little late for that, no?
Particularly concerning the triumvirat of the CUP that planned and directed the genocide, Talaat and killed Djemaal immediately following the 1RE World War by vengeance by the Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a lost place of central Asia almost to the same era, when it there went while dreaming to be founded there a Turkish empire.
Which delirium!
An impressive mastery of the sophisme of the fatal slope, but to party that, one looks for in vain the contact with reality.
What of clichés without line of argument.
The hear fetus always a heart that beats even in the stomach of a mother carrier.
The couples of lesbian ones were able to be simply a desire of child and not a craving to be accepted.
The couples hétéro sterile also.
As for the children!
Which shame to designate them as psychological crazy futures.
A day, they will have the age to defend itself, to say that they are happy to to live, to earn their living and to pay the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is doubtless a "solution" provisional in the evolution of the medicine that connait our world.
She does not date any today.
A lot of women carried and put to the world of the children that were not any their husband.
It is some again thus, we thus did...
The important one in the matter it is that this practice is framed so that the "marchandisation" body is limited.
But the cosmetic surgery, are the cosmetic ones they not also marchandisation of the bodies? !
Anakronik Fareinheit...
It is of course more elegant to do engrosser a good one in distant country through internet and Pay Pal than to endorse its responsibilities and or to avoid the scandal in another centuries near of with oneself without screaming it to this era on all the roofs! ...
These practices were more not of done in the name of the church! ...
There is not that of the Christians and swellings that refuse these practices...
It in remainder not less than the exploitation of the bodies is a true problem.
Oh you taisez-vous, this man is fascinated something.
At the end of the years 70 in the Midlands I saw that only by far.
I there had to go the day because I did not have the right of there to go the night!
But if you liked that and that you listen the music - this music today she touches you always as much.
I know not why there is here despising so many commentaries on what Paul Mason said, maybe that they are posted by people that were never cools, even for some of years!
I believe that in the section of the sports there is an item on the soccer that awaits your commentaries.
Great item, very true.
Since the film of Tony Parson, there is a report scarcity that reflecting really the reality of the culture of the North of England.
Nothing of astonish to what Paul Mason well seized the social and political context it understands well the things.
The Northern soul lives always, but she was vampirisée by capitalism and today this is essentially a phenomenon of surface.
That says, you can there throw an ear if you are in the region of London in November: 99PSOUL goes again to pass vinyles of soul, including a lot of Northern soul, the Saturday November 15 to the Betsey Trotwood to Farringdon.
Me also I thought "always the same history", but here a small item well writes and well thought.
Your critics have really need to be more constructive.
Great item.
I loved your documentary.
I suppose that you are happy to to have escaped Newsnight.
Last train for Wigan of Victoria/Exchange and descend to Wallgate.
While swallowing pillules.
Although the train station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 min on foot of Wigan after buying a ticket for the stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the scene Northern soul are described in an excellent episode of the police series George Gently entitled Gently Northern Soul, that happens to Newcastle in 1968.
The matters become more and more poisoning.
The Palestinians do not have any partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahou never spoils an occasion to spoil an occasion to negotiate peace.
@Jonathan: Netanyahou does not look for peace since it wants to continue to occupy to colonize (besides, it was also the case of Rabin).
It is evident that Rabin, Netanyahou and their voters all preferred the occupation colonization to peace.
It removed its clothing, the bore on the boulder and entered into water.
An Israeli had flown them for him.
The Israeli representative got up in anger and shouted: "Of what do you speak?
The Israelis were even not there to the era! ".
The Palestinian representative (ONU)sourit and added: and now that the things clearly are established
Israel and the majority of his population have no confidence in the bipolar government of Palestinian authority and will not lower the guard...
What that déplaise to the anti Israelis this is an evidence, this not is the in demand goal...
Antisioniste: But I replied you, I translate: the world-wide geopolitical report...
And it is some always thus since that the Political one is globalized...
Évitement, évitement...
In the colonialist Israeli conflict, for the creation of the Palestinian state, it is certain, that continues!
For the creation of Israel do not reply you.
Which power struggle does have permit the creation of Israel?
Antisioniste: the Israeli conflict Palestinian is well again today a power struggle!
You doubt some?!!! ...
What's more all that turns not only around Russell Brand, but the journalists of the Guardian seem to have trouble to go beyond although it is that it does not have to say.
A lot of which it says are only Nonsenses pseudo-chomskystes written no others.
Here that proves that you do not understand what Russell Brand said, or which Noam Chomsky said.
It is just a continuation of personal attacks and of insinuations (my girl of 13 years very much likes it, what would want to say that is an immaturity question).
A really incorrect load, with just a suspicion of conscience take that Russell Brand certain said truths, maybe truths to which ones one prefers not to think.
You hang, this feeling will be more and more shed!
I can understand why Brand exasperates certain: it speaks sometimes in a pretentious way and after all the absurdities of the tabloïdes it gives effectively the impression to be a beginning populist, but all this history of not to vote completely poorly was interpreted according to me.
The general consensus seems to be that it says just to the not people to vote and of rather to cross the arms and to be unaware of the whole process political - but if you look at the interview of Paxman and of other items / video that it posted, it says that to vote once all the 5 years only for Plowing or the Conservative ones (or the Lib Dems I suppose) and limit the democratic engagement thereto is completely useless, the two parties (to lightly different degrees) governing essentially in favor of special interests, of multinational businesses and rich, A no moment it does not say of simply to be unaware of completely the political because these parties govern in our name: it insists to say only rather than of just one to vote and to disconnect itself for five years, the people should become a lot more active ones politically to the Local level, organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, little imports and try to influence the political one from that.
I do not say that I am necessarily agreed with his solution (because I think that to be active politically while presenting its ask can keep pace with the fact to vote, seen that the politicians are vanes that will change opinion if they risk really to lose the elections), but it is infuriating to see all these condescending responses that say that this fool that does said Jesus to the young ones of not Not take the penalty to vote and of just to hope that all will go better because this is really to distort its arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable and this would be well if the people debated of what it says actually rather than of simply the ticket as irresponsible and put aside the preoccupations of him and of a big quantities of left people for account.
Yes, thank you.
The thing on the vote was completely distorted.
The uselessness to slip a bulletin in a ballot box all the 5 years irritates me deeply seen that my vote does not count really for anything.
I want more referenda, the electronic vote, the direct democracy and representatives that realize locally in front of their voters.
In addition, I protest the idea that the comments of Russell Brand are not his (written by of others).
It is sufficiently intelligent to have its own matters and ideas, even if these strongly are influenced by the kind of thinkers and of anti-establishment university ones coming from the against culture that Suzanne would want to group together under the label "Nonsense pseudo-chomskystes".
I rather am convinced that in a debate it would succeed convincing Suzanne.
Maybe that this the Guardian could do, that Suzanne done as Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a veranda, with even the added hochements of head to the mounting!
As Max Keiser, that at first attacked Russel but ended up to become one of its fans and by to invite it in his transmission, is too easy to attack it without really to understand where it wants in to come.
It draws in a political speech that exists since generations, but that was marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - since generations.
This "satirizes" reveals especially to my eyes that the debate intellectual is not held more since a long time to the RDV of the History where the historians of trade became minority and where the exchanges of specialists impoverished themselves to the profit of ready one-to-to think condensed type Sciences Po for press files.
For my party I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Rock Bourdieu as well as the one of Michel Foucault, a need to take it out on a guilty one, a scapegoat.
They develop the one and the other of the very rational reasonings, but this rationality rests on these scapegoats that are the key of arch of their thought.
I believe rather than for Foucault the State was essential as guilty.
That raises of a very archaic thought, the sacrificial thought, that also is thought it magic.
One résout the problem of the report to the other while eliminating it.
There is an anarchistic slope, neo lib and / or /libertarian (of the two terms the second marks a hardening of the desire of eradication of the State, the knowing first one to be going to look for the relief of the State for its markets) to the direction of the less than State / no State with Foucault.
The old dream of the basis that itself car organizes beautifully.
His thought is constructed on the guilt of the State: without this guilt she does not hold standing.
Who says guilty, says elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a taken one of position against the three quoted intellectuals here.
Or a support besides.
The totalitarian left remembers voucher old time, the one of his god of then, Staline, the small father of the peoples.
Oulala, you doubtless read a chouya too quickly if you took the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for a praise of Khomeiny.
Today, same Rock Manent would not have fun itself more to attack Michel by this bias...
Gauchet puts a deep reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective one, on the difficulty that represents the adhesion mechanism in our liberal advanced corporations.
What one be in agreement or not with him, this is a thinker original and respectable.
See this orchestrated cabal by researchers in human sciences of the left lasts that do not bear that one happens of the allegiance to their mantras, is rather laughable.
The narcisissme and the authoritarianism of these people is without limit.
An important point to add seems me be the posture of these "rebel", that is only intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of the Chinese and other "yellow" of which I was witness in Russia is absolutely unbelievable.
You did not have the pleasure to hear our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where this was in Russia, that a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I do not remember any when I saw a Chinese for the last time.
To London and they were likable to my consideration when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the years 1990 the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think similar of the White ones!
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and of Guangzhou it there a long time, in the middle of the 20E century, and I hear again certain of them to hold violently anti-white.
My father is not happy that his elder girl goes out with a White one.
I believe as as the attitudes converted into Russia since the years 1990 and especially during the last years: they are more and more rich, prosperity propagates itself outside of the big cities, and thanks to this prosperity the people travel abroad and see how live the others.
Of what one said me, the Russians have especially prejudices against the temporary workers without native qualifications of the Caucase and of central Asia, that work in trades and in zones where they have a lot of luck to be exploited by their employers or confronted to a crime and a high violence.
Although me I lived on the shores of the river Ienisseï, in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I heard the opinions of the Australians on the Chinese and the Aborigines.
It is really strange that a foreigner is said me that I do not bear the Chinese, while I met two in my life (of which an abroad), not some kept of bad one remember, all the people are worth themselves and, indeed, those of London were very kind it is the only reason for which I remembered that they were Chinese.
Otherwise one does not remember any that one meets, all the people are worth themselves, how to remember of that was that.
You know what is strange?
What you and the Russian other here talked about the Chinese as of a sort of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And nevertheless you go out always with White the aforementioned one.
How are many Chinese men with White, by comparison?
No, because it there a lot of luck that the parents of these White ones would attack them PHYSICALLY.
No measure of the impartiality of justice.
Nevertheless, this is the mother of all the battles and the justice in France remains handled by strongly marked groups to the left as the union of the judiciary…
@Marabout: pardon, but the judicial environments are frankly marks has straight.
When to the Union of the judiciary, it represent only 25% of the judges.
If a measure of his partiality can be done from the relativity of the application of the laws in the courts, she orders to separate two obstacles.
The one of the vision politics of the observer as the one of the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
There remains then the obliged tool of the law for recentrer the evaluation on the basic ones.
The measure of his nonobservance as a whole of the judicial acts of magistrates, floor include, forces to operate a distinction between the error and the partiality of the magistrates.
It would be vain to claim that the justice acts do not divide up themselves between these three groups.
The pretention and not raising ignorance any an analysis objectifies.
And if therefore all this is not analyzed, how then to assert that justice improves in France?
If it is only by statistics revealing implicitly that she leaves well bottom.
The preceding preamble allows well to register what follows in the third ratio.
The one of the corruption* judiciary.
Sensitive subject in proportion of the strength of nuisance* that is conferred to the judicial institution able a similar hérésie.
The considered domain is the one of the despoliation* of heirs committed to the means of swindles to the procedure* by of succession généalogistes authorized by notaries.
This profession year in obtains and year out 150 million Euros while benefitting from the cover* assured by the almost judicial impunity* French notariat.
For the comprehension of their mechanism, a party in was retrieved in the commentaries following the first publication.
There where that rejoined ladite improvement statistics* moderate by the preceding commentary, it is that the judicial institution produced, at the time of numerous disagreements between généalogiste and reluctant heirs to be done thus to despoil, all a body of in contrast to jurisprudences all the laws in favor of the heirs.
The ignorant European statistics presentation this kinds of rational criteria n’est-t-elle not then an elaborated form of the lie?
Surely prices totally prohibitive.
Again equipment to swindle the handicapped.
One can say that, but my brother has one of these tricycles any land, constructs on measure to his size and to his weight and that really allowed him to take advantage of the full air as never a normal wheelchair, with wheels and cluttering tires, do not can.
As one says, the gouts and the colors…
The Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
The Tankchair seems EPIQUE.
I think that the inventor of the Whill never had to clean a dog crud on a caterpillar.
I am sure that my sister would love the tricycle all land, but this is all simply too dear.
The wheelchair of long extremist distance would be perfect for a handicapped one with a leaning one for the longboard.
Here there are hills that would please them.
The prices seem effectively students, but it there really people that put this price kind in a bicycle, then "you see".
The tricycle any land seems me particularly useful.
All the handicapped are not poor, nevertheless.
A lot of them have at their disposal reasonable assurances of an amount.
Only if they became handicapped.
The thing it is that the market of the wheelchair is a niche, they are able therefore to allow itself to practice high prices for things of which they know pertinemment that they we are necessary.
One really cannot say that the Whill is minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately it is just a preliminary sketch, it is not foreseen to make it.
I am HAPPY that the wheelchair "long distance" does not arrive on the market, because apparently there is not any means to drive this rotten thing.
Close to 20 000 houses were destroyed by the Israeli army to Gassed, at the time of intensive bombardments of residential neighborhoods populated densément.
Two millions of human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gassed since 2007 (Israel is the power taking care of the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
The half are children and young that have less than 18 years.
The children of eight years lived all their life under Israeli blockade!
Unique position to the world, unacceptable position, illegal position also, since this blockade inflicts a "collective penalty" has all the civil ones of Gassed.
"The contractors that work on their projects divert a small few one their cement towards the black market"...
Ah that this is not language of wood, rather in concrete and army the lady...
The references are there to support a line of argument or a fact.
Antisioniste...
The good cement goes in the tunnels!
It there walked it black it is certain, and recognized.
Two millions of human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gassed since 2007.
Unique position to the world, unacceptable position for any person that has a heart and the moral direction.
The WORE have a well kept land: The saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the necessary time to govern for the dictatorship (sustained by that you know) excluded it!
Forget not as as after raising it, Morsi had reestablished the blockade!!!
And me I am a Western one, therefore I approve...
Jonathan...
The Blockade is Israeli egyptien...
The children of Gassed live on an underground fortress, edified upside down population that chose its maitres!
To have a boat, is a lot of works, Aleks.
I hope that you well reflected.
Couchsurfing is well more cool than Airbnb.
This is the definition same of the economy of the division, non-profit.
A lot look for only a blow of an evening on Couchsurfing.
Therefore this is to do itself to pay (or less to hope it) of another manner.
This is always a lot less dear than a hotel, if it is necessary to look for the good addresses.
In addition, the owners and the tenants that do themselves confidence stop often to use Airbnb and deal directly with in cash, bypassing thus Airbnb.
Where is the community in all that.
"That does she put in housing on"?
No problem with the verb, which is the problem with your grammar?
One does not use the verb "à letter" to the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
This is an international newspaper now, in case you not would have noticed.
It would be more better to have the good assurance for the boat, you assure that it is 100% in accordance with all the rules of security and ask those that manage canals and rivers the authorization of there to practice a commercial activity (which they will refuse certainly). I have a boat and I tried to see how to rent it (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In brief, this is really a nightmare...
You thought about the Fact that the boats can be moved, flown and repainted, flowed, etc. ?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to fly it she would always be nearby of there where you had left it.
Or diverted by pirates...
all these somalian immigrants that come here and attack our barges…
Where will you moor it?
Non-Navy The Pen does not have reason!
Populisme?
There is not other truth that the one that exposes the facts!
Poverty increases in France.
More than 150 000 young ones leave the school without formation.
The increase of the wealth between the hands of the richest ones is a reality.
Who does defend that?
Who does defend what?
In 2017 the mass will be said!
Capitalism will not impoverish itself!
The high finance, speculates, plays with our businesses therefore our jobs, with our first matters, therefore our purchases, our commodities therefore our nutrition, with the care structures therefore our health, with our debts therefore our institutions.
They are a threat in our lives daily by the same and by our money that they hold..
All that to the profit dequelques hyper-méga one-obese of the fric.
To proof opposite, FH said: "My enemy not has any name, my enemy not has any face, my enemy, this is the finance".
It was in 2012.
In 2014, it named minister of the economy an old one of the bank Rothschild, more better to defend history the interests of the banksters, only people in charge of the crisis of 2007.
Was not there no one else of compétant?
You call that how: to return his jacket, lower his pants?
Primary reaction and populist
In fact one knows not too what Navy The Pen thinks.
Where did you see that?
Because the Germans refused to help the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee has really "refused" to help the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle it is that none of the parties seemed sure of the exact force of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee quickly left the zone because it had received a report indicating an armoured British in the zone.
The sea was stormy at the beginning of the day; I do not know if it was again the case at the end of the battle?
All the same, the fight came to an end after it sunset, returning any more difficult salvage operation.
Compare that with the following battle, the one of the Malouines, where, on the photos showing the survivors in the process of being helped, one sees a sea calms and in broad daylight.
Of more, the rescuers knew that it did not have at this stage more of German fighters in the zone.
Hmm, that corresponds not really to what I remember to have read on this battle, then I did a quick research on Wikipédia:
"A certain confusion reigned among the German vessels as for the go out of the two armoured cruisers, that had disappeared in the black one after stopping the shooting, and a race pursuit began.
The Leipzig lives something in fire, but while comparing itself it lives that it is only a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German vessels, rejoins the battle lately and lives the Monmouth, leaned and gravely damaged but again in movement.
After pointing its projectors on the house of the vessel, the suggestion going was refused and it opens the fire, flowing finally the vessel.
Without reliable information, von Spee judged that the Good Hope had to escape and stopped the research to 22 o'clock 15.
Worried of the reports indicating an armoured British in the vicinity, it put cape to the north".
Therefore, if that is true, the Germans, to test in the obscurity before the invention of the radar, did not know that a vessel had flowed, and did not can therefore to look for survivors.
They thought as as there was an armoured one more important of the Royal Navy one in the zone that would have been able the damaged gravely, therefore in the confusion they left to take advantage of their advance.
They were far of their basis and Spee had well conscience that they should clear a way through many vessels of the Royal Navy one.
The sacrifice of Cradock already had caused them wrong and had them couté about the half of their munitions, the condemning thus when they finally were taken.
Several voices rise to the UMP to ask that it was in line with the law that a definitively condemned elected official is therefore definitively ineligible.
Here a courageous position, that would touch also left elected officials well on.
But nooon, this is a jokes.
FOR THIS IDEE I PROPOSE AN INSCRIPTION TO THE WALL OF THE STUPID ones OF THE MAGISTRATES
To when the ban of the unions in the already protected sectors?
Will how much time tolerate t one this equality distortion between the citizens?
Maintained by politicards (are) of which the vision of the corporation itself limit to these sectors, always prompt to cajole those even that will take advantage of their inamovibilité to impede the actions of the true political one, that attempt actually to let the things budge, not the smooth talkers of which the failure to act is at the measure of their sufficiency.
I met them in the subway towards noon with their small signs" of the under for justice" they came from province and did not do the difference between Bercy and the POPB.
She supports the existence of politicized unions of which the members put the huge strength that they hold to the service on his part.
She would not defend the same theses if right unions, indeed of extreme right, designated for target of the personalities of his edge and took to their counter a war juridico-médiatique.
Your affirmations are totally free.
If, currently the right pays the judicial current event it is simply that she committed facts that some raise!
One does not have any example of left personality that so had to do with Justice but all those that were the object of his attention did not have treatment of favor.
On the other hand it is necessary again to recall that the union of the judiciary that is left is not the only union of magistrates and that it is minority.
What a minister supports with so many engagement the unions shows to which not at all they can be useful.
@MCR The union that you quote is maybe minority among the magistrates, but his influence is big to Ministry of justice, this is not a secret.
One wonders henceforth if the "mission" certain judges is not any more to soil rather than to instruct.
@ Gus - You should be satisfied, the SM is minority.
Do of what you pity yourself?
@Peony: you forget that the magistrates are not officials as the others: they are the only ones to have the to be able to put in accusation and to imprison the all-one-each.
Jade Goody?
And if did none of the participants never return?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I believe that even the feeble one the done more starve glory goes counts than X factor can only to mean the end of a career, then I would be surprised that someone accepts their the offer.
A lot are used it as springboard to start up a career to success.
The One Direction fill the stadiums of the entire world.
Of others next sold a lot of discs or left for West End.
Popstars, the forerunner of all these programs, launched Chreyl Cole, that, of fact, is part of the jurors.
Same ABBA, Olive Tree newton-john, Céline Dion, Cliff Richard, all did the competition of the Eurovision, as so many others.
While of others as Frank Sinatra and the whole remainder participated in competitions to the United States.
In the years 70 and 80, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks launched most of the stars of light recreation of the British television.
Of course, some fell in forgetfulness.
But it is what arrives in any case to most of the stars who do not participate in the competitions.
Rare are those that, after a tube, succeed in some to do others.
In any case, most of the singers / groups are able to the more better to hope three albums and a best of.
Ouais, but now Cole, or whatever his name, has fans only to the United Kingdom.
His fame comes in left his marriage with a footballer that breathes by the mouth.
Most of the Americans know that is Jeremy Clarkson.
can only to mean the end of a career
Indeed, that has more luck of to lead to a career than typical progression of the rock one, even if in your dreams you think that all the frimeurs to guitar that smoke grass in the garage of their father and balance three agreements on a poem level school primary will become surely stars and that the only question this is how much they want to touch before even go out an album.
And worse than ridiculous: that establishes a completely artificial distance between the western public and the studied peoples – distance that ledge enough quickly to racism, because the ethnologues sacralistes present us these distant people as infinitely superstitious and full of of ritual sanctimoniousness, while most of their manners to do are strictly equivalent to the ours and inspired, as the ours, of considerations practice to the Newspaper.
Safe that you interpret imprudemment in the opposite direction.
Is, but rather than to say that the drum is lacking in sacred character, not is it more better to admit than our Marianne and our Molières have not equally a character a not very sacred one?
Our bias is as reminded of to see the sacred one as a sort of well defined object and circumscribes to the religious sphere.
Very interesting item although it is some.
This is deco ephemere to furnish emptiness.
Nothing of more.
Superb item, thank you.
The recent Panthéonisation of figure illustrate Republic is an illustration that the feeling of sacred screw always.
Who believes again to the interpretations of the archaeologists!
Other any discipline would throw to the nettles of the interpretations not at all scientists that last the life of a Mandarin Chinese, rarely less.
Does to when a compared critic of the disciplines for that one laugh a little?
Because which holds true for the archeology is worth also for the interpretations as give the others discipline.
That would bring a dose of modesty salutaire.
Your contempt for the archaeologists is completely unjustified!
It is thanks to them that one discovers constantly treasures, precious testimonies to restore the History, to understand corporations, and the example here of comparative archeology is fascinating.
This method is not very old and beforehand the archaeologists trusted their "instinct" and their knowledge, and could be mistaken.
These days one has access to technical and performance scientific means that the interprêtation of the searches is better but always can be questioned by of discovered others!
One is there in the middle of the (and old) debate on shamanism advanced by the prehistorian John Clottes (cf his book "The chamanes of the prehistory", particularly the ré-édition is increased scientific controversy, appeared to the editions The House of the Rocks).
Thank you for this instructive strong item
Do the men hétéros like the anal sex?
For you Mike, I myself there could put.
Then this is finished between we?
I understand not really Why not can we continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, does for adults.
Do you have really need to fall in the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play there over.
We could not look at a musical comedy there over on the other hand, that this would be too gay!
One could expect to have this commentary kind on your part.
One would say that Mary Whitehouse returned of the deaths.
Since your essay offer almost is finished, I can suggest you to pass to the Catholic Times.
I am sure that you will feel at your place.
It prefers mikedow.
I can suggest that we looked for all a newspaper that pays true journalists, courageous, for that they write on the Average East, Ébola, etc. to their risks and perils.
Rather than to do to giggle with these joke childish bottoms.
Not very cunning.
Go you-in then.
If these "joke childish bottoms" shock you so, you did not oblige to participate, isn't that right?
You know as as this newspaper covers equally the Middle East and Ébola and as it is completely possible to do the two and to publish an item on the anal sex?
Is this the subject that shocks you, or the Fact that the people in laugh?
Nevertheless one finds the avid video of the crash on the net one…
Video amateur of the crash on the net one…??
If the FOM chose of not to show these pictures is only to protect its interests in any case those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots she would have gone out the safety for to the moment or another vehicle (tow truck for example) entered on the circuit.
But it was necessary to finish quickly before the typhoon of which one knew that it arrived, but for which the FOM did not judge good in advance the hour of the departure (right TV, pub, money…).
But to party that they protect well the pilots.
Well seen, I divide also this opinion.
But there is as as if the very british FOM done to enter the SC, she will allow Nico Rosberg to have at the restart a luck to beat the English that took then…
You loosen yourself on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But this is not engraves, I have a little time to expose all your c*****ries.
No, just no.
There was piles of conspiracies in F1, but never a that puts commissioneies in death danger for a distant history of possibility of victory of a pilot to the detriment of another.
This not is the FOM that goes out the safety for this is the PROUD one.
Shade size.
To the view of the avid pictures, the absence of picture allows especially to the TRUSTED to avoid the bothering questions of the type: How it does itself that the commissioner shakes a green flag in the middle of the intervention and continues to do it after the accident (to see the video completes after the accident)
No, this is not because the video is judged too violent that the PROUD one blocks the pictures of the accident but because one clearly sees one of the commissioneies shaken a green flag, signs that the race can resume normally and that one is more under system of yellow flag.
Certain commentaries show a dark méconaissance of the F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race no longer is under system of yellow flag APRES the place of the accident, from which the green restless flag.
This is the habitual procedure.
The post of just commisaires downstream of the accident (according to the cases, that can be at 10MÈTRES as to 100MÈTRES after the accident) shakes the green to say to the pilots to resume a normal pace.
The sensationnalisme done to sell pub.
Before I thought that the media were an integral part the offensive of publicity "patriotic" government but I have well fear that, in the last analysis, it is just for money.
And the sex, let's not forget the sex, the not fear to have sexual life, the pub and the media are good to sell us supposed things to improve our sexual life.
Infos do exactly the same thing.
Do the buzz with infos of which one does not have really need to be concerned it is just to continue to scare to the people to be able to continue to check them.
"When the tabloïds cough about Ébola, we catch all the fear" that should be "déraillent", not "cough".
Being given the medical reference, "to cough" much more better is said in this context that "derailleur".
I wonder if all the people that panic that Ébola could put itself to propagate itself by aerial way go counts that they believe now to the evolution?
You done them too many honors.
They probably think that here the end of the world and that Ébola is just the one of the signs of the apocalypse that approaches.
Ébola this is the Antichrist!
You confuse Ébola and Murdoch...
Great item, thank you!
An item runs and concise that ridicules nicely and solidly this despicable pseudo-journalisme.
That well did me to laugh.
That me depression that the media talk about most of the things with this optimism upside down.
The goal is once more to maintain us sufficiently frightened and anxious (without some to arrive to hysteria) for the government can do us to slip when it has need of it.
I believe that it is perfectly logical that, if we must undergo a budget urgency in absence of any crisis it, a terrorist urgency in absence of any attempt it, why not to have a crisis of Ébola in absence of any case it proven?
It seems that this government looks for to save us crises that it has itself invented.
Is not there something of basically problematic one with the idea to govern by the fear?
Congratulations for this post, and to be again of this world almost 35 years after.
Of at first that had to be horrible, seen the context of the years 1980-90.
I am bluffs, live with the certainty of there pass during years …..
Perfectly useless testimony.
As always when one talks about sciences.
Not only the testimonies do not serve to anything: take individually, they can use scientific material.
But they have a harmful influence on the assessment objectifies facts.
@Traffic: The testimonies cannot use scientific material.
It is maybe for that that one abstains from ask questions to the patients in psychiatry when one has reliable observations in origin of the close ones.
My psychiatric file mentions that my mother psychiatrist explains that I was educated télépathiquement by his mother-in-law.
This is therefore a symptom objective.
When I say that this is bullshit, this is a subjective testimony without importance.
Ah, because the certificate of a fact (= here this testimony, that testifies contamination and effectiveness of the new treatments) does not serve to anything in a scientific gait?
On what do you base the research, then?
On fantasies?
Do you put to the same level of the eccentric theories and facts (= giving place to testimonies vérifiables)?
"Resiliency" : the word can adulated by the grandmothers, fans of J l Delarue, that take themselves for big psychologists after reading ansembourg.
@Jim: There is a lot of buzzwords empties direction with the psys.
Cyrulnik did us the blow of the "resiliency".
As this is a big scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that it will have tinkered with us a reliable ladder of measures to quantify it, this fine resiliency.
I wonder if the Sentineies of the air all we could save Farage and company??
That does not do you to think about Team America?
Seriously, this is not ** a good idea to go out again the Sentineies of l'air..
And why therefore?
It was an inspired series and one would say that those that the springs in are aware!
Let's leave therefore our good day to the omnipotent one that can do the miracles.
But how will they do for that the children hang?
The only solution that comes me to the spirit this is humor kind pipi-caca, which would kill the series.
It was already a series for children.
The children hung.
Ah, because this is a series for children?
The UKIP work for the Mysterons.
Keep therefore your Team America.
Always in Supermarionation?
This will not be similar if one does not see the sons and that the organization is well done. : -)
I am anxious to see that (although being an adult), but I hope that that will give the idea to a chain to rerun the old one.
The series practically never stopped being broadcasted here in Australia; that does at least 40 years only one has episodes of an hour the Saturday and on Sundays to 06 o'clock.
Since the arrival the free numerical television some years ago, she is on the one of the commercial chains of second order and one always can see it to these schedules.
And what's more the past episodes of a half an hour henceforth to 05 o'clock 30, on Monday to on Fridays!
Agreed, I probably am a "sad" guy of 60 years, but I do not look at this series everyday!
It does not have there of the "Mount of the temple" in or under the mosque of the esplanades!!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give itself a political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Besides, all the Israeli searches in under and around the mosque of the esplanades since several decades did not allow finding anything.
The mount of the temple if it is exists it is elsewhere.
Can be in Argentina??
This mount not is looked for for the simple reason that this is the hill on which was constructed the esplanade of the mosques.
His summit, or dome of the Boulder, does projection in the middle of the mosque of Omar.
For the Moslems, Mohammed brought up to the paradise from this boulder.
For the Jews, this is the mount Moriah where Abraham fails there to sacrifice his son Isaac.
Moment that she was taken and contextualisée, there is not publicity, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel counts also its extremist ones, it is good to recall it uniformly, and they unfortunately are relayed to the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahou, the latter had accepted the plan to 2 states, and scuttled it manner continues!).
It is so good to show to which not at all the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful fact.
God will be able to recognize his?
The shortest one of the jokes Jewish: "God is rented!"
To praise us the tourism in Israel, one shows us often young naïades to half undressed, languid on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, well different of what we show advertising, as one can see it on the photo that illustrates the item.
Ca done a little fear nonetheless.
And this photo is a magnificent work of publicity!
Damage that the photographer of Reuters did not take in photo the hundreds of authorized Palestinians to returns itself on the Mount of the temple and that prefer caillasser the faithful Jews in contrebas, praying to the Wall of lamentations.
@Checkmate, If this photo disturbs you, it is at straight voucher, this is not or the newspaper, or the photographer, but this woman and the ideology that she transmits that it is necessary to condemn.
This system is not tenable and will finish in pleurs.
The only manner to put an end to this system, this is the revolution.
Since that the economy seems to leave in pierces, the big businesses enormously took advantage of their employees.
They succeeded convincing their employees that they are lucky to have a job and that they cannot allow themselves to increase the salaries, while at the same time and without hiding itself, they gave remunerations always more important to the small elite to the summit.
You have reason, this is not tenable, but that will change in this country only when the workers will speak really of a single voice.
Instead of moaning and to moan when someone of other done the strike, support them, shown a little solidarity and understand that their strike concerns not only their problems, but shows also to your employer as one not trouble the people impunément.
Safe if one abandons the democracy, to which one case if, this is tenable.
I am totally agreed.
The only thing that you forgot it is that the British and American businesses sold our industry and now our services to the countries where the social and environmental conditions the worse ones.
As for example China and India.
All that well cannot finish.
It is because we are in democracy that that held.
Did you vote for the PTCI?
The transatlantic Partnership of commerce and of investment (PTCI) aims to increase the profits of the corporations held by those people in runs circuitant the national governments by secret courts.
That appears unbelievable, but it is exactly this to what serves the mechanism of regulation of the disagreements between investors and States (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and attempt to warn the people as for unthinkable damages that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that one begins to about it to speak in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement Look at therefore these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Churchill n'a-t-il not said "blood, sweat and tears"?
Here that do excellent fallen again, while numerical money has no reason to fall and again less than to push on the trees.
The next weak link doubtless will be walked it of the automobile.
This mister has reason, to the XVIII there were unions in all the regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Leave there (at last, its officers, the others, no one knows nothing) to believe itself the safe of the eternal values of France, and she will fight and will close his mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, the globalization, Europe, the crisis of the values, brief: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, to have this small relic, is consoling.
Even if for her, this is more and more uncomfortable...
They lacks you again the sindicat sdes men married, celibataires, married women, celibataires, lost dogs and I do not know what again
If you write not correctly the French, I unionize myself.
You warned, this will be your fault.
For the defense of the category-specific interests one already undergoes well enough the protected professions endow with unions, which created an equality rupture with the other citizens.
One is prayed of not to laugh about the fear of the risk from an official.
One very well can imagine a system assuring a certain liberty of expression without unions, or then without strike right as in Germany, in compensation of the protection of which they enjoy.
Otherwise assured catastrophe.
And with the carts that get ready, the government itself in bliss.
Of which security do you speak?
Ignorance in fact...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I referred to the military officers and other officials, since this is the here guided subject...
Let's eliminate "by the intermediary one of its delegates" in the item 8 of the preamble of the constitution of 1946.
It will become: "8.
Any worker participates in the collective determination of the work conditions as well as to the management of the businesses".
That is absolutely essential with the irruption of the informative strength.
And nevertheless you opened, probably read then guided a specifically entitled item "The Great British Bake Alternative review". ?????
Await, the section was there, any emptiness.
I thought that it was necessary to launch the conversation.
In any case it is the marriage of Joffrey that I looked at, and I can say you that certain were well seasoned.
In the episode of the marriage of Joffrey one has the one of the better moments (although misleading: it was the wine) in the history of the television.
Also, pie mmmh...
Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
It is the second time in a row that, strangely, the transmission finishes with a victory of the baker the less worse one; no one did kind "bang, here my cake whore now devour it and you bow to your master"!
Did maybe that the additional pressure of friends and of parents outside finally have an effect for them?
The preceding weeks, all these exterior people were stood to the side.
And there is also this idea of "to play the security, there always is next week" that disappears the last week.
I like to cook but I do not imagine myself to inflict me that.
I am recognizing towards those that do it and we offer thus a great recreation and we push to try new things.
Forward for GBBO 2015!
I am in agreement, the last challenge of last year, the marriage cake, was absurd.
The professionals generally put days to do them and them had to tinker with one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really difficult to decide between, I know not how they were able to choose a conqueror.
With Shines, the true only defect that they were able to find it was the basis a not very dry one (even if I agree with Hollywood to say that the green glaçage on the mill of Richard did not give envies, in any case Richard already had lost at that very moment).
I must acknowledge that several challenges of this series seem a not very artificial ones because of the granted time.
There is also the cancer that awaits, with the blows of solar wind.
Obviously, all succeeds us in this moment.
A bad moment to pass for humanity, one hopes it.
You confuse solar wind and ultraviolet rays.
The UV are principally blocked by the ozone layer that is formed exactly by the impact of the particles of residual solar wind and UV.
Therefore even if the magnetic field weakened itself, there would be not enough solar wind for "to hunt" the ozone of the stratosphere.
There would be some even more, and therefore less than UV and of "cancers".
Fortunately that the ozone layer does not block the UV.
They have a pile of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If one oneself limit to the man they have the interest to allow us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), to heat us (less than the infrarouges), to modulate our immune system and, it seems, to improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks the carcinogenic UVC and leaves to pass the UVA and most of the UVB.
You know that you did not oblige to be condescending and to consider your speaker as an abode when you post a commentary?
Especially for a precision minor that was understood in the commentary, that hears itself to show teaching skills.
Without saying that I am a regular of the mélanome, the UV do only ACCELER his development.
They do not PROVOKE it.
For proof: all the tanned people have not necessarily mélanomes.
Is, when a toubib says you that it is necessary to avoid the sun and to live at the far end of a cellar, more better is worth not to listen for the UV are necessary to any human.
The excess, on the other hand, this is as all: it kills.
But for other reasons.
The UV provoke directly the mélanome.
One can fold it?
And, more important, one can pass it to the blender?
or to pass it to the blender…
I believe that the majority of those that are interested in it established that all can be folded if one there applies a sufficient force and the hardiness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the usage to which one it is destined.
I think that the army would need something of more resistant one and has therefore not again adopted l'iPhone6 as communication equipment in first line.
But for us other,
That remains a good choice.
the majority of those that are interested in it established that all can be folded if one there applies a sufficient force
Safe a Nokia 3310.
More precisely, is it already folded?
One does this jokes in every discussion.
I decided to count them.
It is the fourth one jokes on the pliage that I read in the commentaries today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed as that.
Before one installs specific software, one imagines that the telephone was withdrawn chain of principal production and one sees poorly how it there could return.
Therefore, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm........................................
The most probable one it is than it is a matter of a unity of production on which the iOS was not installed correctly and that is therefore jammed with the test code machines installed.
I know not at all how they do these things.
But, would they put software of test on all?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the absence of logo FCC or THIS and the red presence of a connector of prototype.
Ah l item for booboo by excellence.
One wants products not very dear and one astonishes oneself that the industrial ones produce in" industrial' One puts forward great u but all the signs and mème the small commerce are concerned How to devour good, bio avac 1650€ (average salary in france)?
But to reply to your post, if it is possible to eat correctly with a small salary.
After each is free to put its priorities there where it hears it.
For my party the nutrition is one.
Go without grudge, I kiss you
One calls booboos, or better boboécolos, people that see the world through a "software" ideological that the brings to disconnect itself from the realities.
This is total thought unblocking reason.
They are experts in gesticulation, for example claim to save the planet because they avoided taking a shower.
It are also experts in tartuferie, rejoining in that the left caviar, of which they are sometimes originating from, for example while condemning the rejections of CARBON DIOXIDE while spending their vacation to the Maldives.
The big majority of our fellow-countrymen do not bear this mixture of clumsy ideology and of tartuferie also are not astonished to meet often critics to their subject.
Waouh, thank you for this theorization completes and exhaustive as well as for all the associated details (airplane, soaks…).
I very much would like in to do left but I not myself there meet again.
The concept not if is complicated.
The boboécolos are monobloc.
Did you understand the concept of the left caviar?
And well you are in a position to understand the concept of the boboécolo.
This is the perfect copy with just an ideological nuance.
The classification would more be complicated if we were very interested in the écolos any current.
The boboécolo in left fact but represents only fringes it the most visible one of the écolos for it is the one that infests the media.
Here a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, no one wants to look at this giraffe straight out.
She so poorly is done that she resembles vaguely to a nude feminine one.
Hush, you are next to the plate.
It is necessary to be part of the microcosme of the art to understand stunning beauty of truth of this work.
But you do not have all simply any legitimacy to do a commentary since you did not pass innumerable decades to study and to flatter big artists.
The important one is not the Fact that Emin does not know to draw and always seems obsessed by the same subject.
The important one, it is that she really succeeded becoming fabulously rich and famous while having no artistic capacity.
That, this is of *the art*.
No, this is pig.
The Fact that Emin does not know to draw
Here that is not really a proven fact.
It is a matter rather of an opinion.
Safe if the only thing that you could appreciate it is realistic reproductions of dogs that smoke while playing billiards.
Judge the art can be problematic, but not in that case.
To draw, is well more simply to represent reality.
If you look for only that, a camera done the matter.
The author speaks also of the expressionnisme of Emin.
Look at again and leave the picture to talk about itself, without comparing to it the drawing kind that you prefer maybe.
If this is so easy, why not you done it yourself?
There is again of what to save money: the equitation activities, the number of horses of the republican guard or the statute of the generals that no longer are in active service. ...
L(honnêteté obliges to say that France diminishes its effective ones, but as did it all the countries, sometimes in a manner more drastic again, start with the Great Britain.
It is only at encouraging half...
The operational one without the support, that finds quickly its limits!
An unique approach, on time where we observe weaknesses, the insufficiencies of our tool of defense, in particular to the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local concerned groups, that lose a dimension of their activities, indeed a part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuarisation?
@Edmond: this is well what I said, look at elsewhere where to save money but especially not at my place, at my place is really possible...
This is exactly what you propose to do, to look at elsewhere where the gabegie is certain.
What all those that mixed with little or prou the military thing dare come to say here, the eyes in the eyes that there is not wasted money in this perimeter and this without bursting out laughing...
What one applies the same potion to the body of the function public and the finances public will go a little better.
And for Josi: really reloud: look at the inflation of the public jobs in the other ministries and you will understand why The Defense can estimate itself a little loaded!
Well yes, the economies on which ones everyone agrees to say that it is necessary to do them, is necessary although that sees itself somewhere, no?
Lack jar, those on that that falls moan to the assassination when that arrives at their place, the poor ones cherish.
Would be necessary to do some but especially that that falls me not over for, in that case, this is a crime and not an economy.
Guignols, goes!
In what to close the Valley of Grace will weaken our defense tool to the Sahel?
As for the local groups, l 'history repeats itself to every closing of post, maternity, hospital, quarters.
But everyone is for the well heard economies.
It is strange, a mayor UMP that wants compensations and does not rejoice for the realized economies in the public expenditure.
This item is really the thing more stupefying than I never read!
This embarrassing moment where the three first people that comment on do the same bad one jokes.
It is the depression to let his wire march Facebook and to see that 80% of its friends began their statutes by the sentence "This embarrassing moment".
I believe that they go to do a film.
It will base himself surely on hilarious scenes where someone falls by chance on his former one in the bus leaving for the work and goes counts only there that his skirt returned in his seasons.
This is not embarrassing, this is completely stupid.
Not really, according to me the author adopts the role of the typical British man to that one always learned to bury its emotions and to clench the teeth.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return on scene after 25 years of absence was fort something.
You return counts yourself that your commentary is now to the heart of a battle for knowledge that will have the rights?
I do not have "the internet".
I do not think therefore to be able to comment on.
Doing not have any computer.
My god, it is necessary that I way this film before dying!
I arrive not to believe which not at all this item is the thing more unbelievable than I never read!
Charlie really has just shown that it is all at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe that is the satirical journalism!
I in fall over backward!
It is necessary absolutely that I divide with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter for that they have at last the illumination and discover the unbelievable fulgurance and the unsurpassable genius that gushes keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine glimmer.
Good god, it was really no one.
Especially if this are not or women, or of the dress up.
I am a parasite.
That shows a positive evolution within the democracies: the climbed of regional political ones and of effective associative initiatives.
Until new order we do ourselves to confiscate the right to save our planet by States that play the tartuffes to every meeting to save the planet.
We decide therefore, citizens, to take the things in hand.
With the commissioner that they planted to the energy, all these beautiful recommendations flew away themselves....
Translate: Eoliennes and solar farms are the Round points of tomorrow.
The very finance by the stupid one- tribuable.
I taken some you stop this nuclear pro speech.
Pollution not itself limit to the CARBON DIOXIDE.
The radioactivity is a lot more harmful at the level of its losses and in in case of accident.
As long as that the system is not mastered in his entirety, it is more better itself to limit some to the laboratories.
The renewable energies are our only one good day, to well heard condition of reduce drastically our consumption.
The electricity by the renewable one to fight against the transmissions of CARBON DIOXIDE?
France not is at all concerned one.
The nuclear electricity this is zero transmission of CARBON DIOXIDE to the production and epsilon for the other steps.
The electricity by the renewable wind one or PV this is already more GES on the other steps and especially gas, or worse of the coal as in Germany, to compensate the intermittence.
Replace the nuclear power by of the renewable wind one or PV would go in opposition to the fight against the CARBON DIOXIDE.
Christial I do not insult you me I am Doctor of State in physical sciences 1981 of more I did the research in nuclear physics I put you to the challenge to prove opposite lez of this than I said.
For what I did not say is you that to lend me ideas I did not say anything on Germany nothing nothing in fact did not reply you to what I said and as all the right people to demolish the speaker I never do it.
I quote you besides the conclusion of experts authorized by the German government: the current program of the Germany of the renewable energies is a non profitable means and inefficient to reduce the transmissions of GES and should be stopped.
0 transmission if you do not count the extraction of the uranium and the construction and if you do not count the vapor of least water greenhouse gas of effect that the carbon dioxide it is true reminder them two-thirds of the energy produced by a central nuclear power leaves in vapor of water and a little in the water of the rivers.
I stopped reading when you talked about the Pakistan as of a "gigantic of the Asia of the South" …!!
The last time, the Pakistan won against the Hindustan.
That does not astonish me, most of the Indian ones that post commentaries want to read and do the commentaries only on items against the Pakistan.
To the fact, that shows well your state of mind.
Ç'aurait been similar if they had qualified the India of giant of the Asia of the South...
I have nothing against certain the Fact that Pakistani players participate, but to have a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
This would be simply to open a can of Pandore a lot of corruption and of mafiosi.
As for the ISL, the game of opening of today was surprisingly interesting, the Athletico of Kolkata itself imposing 3-0 against Mumbai.
The Pakistan has again a lot a lot of ways to do.
In comparison of the billions and billions that India devote to the cricket of the IPL and now to soccer, how we can a day to compete with our "noisy neighbors"...
The race to the promoter low cost pays itself cash.
Damage for a so beautiful project.
For the incident, the defect of eventual conception shows itself only with a too cold helium.
One is not therefore maybe in a conception defect, but of implement...
In contrast to arianespace that is a private corporation, it seems although soyouz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same that here the state is his own underwriter..
They go can etre to pay the satellites in frigates that knows..
That is all the more unfortunate since many media resume in buckle the only titles of items - and than many readers keep only these titles.
Altogether that creates an in contrast to erroneous impression the content of the item itself.
Completely agreed with you, the title is not fitting, it unfairly puts in cause the project while it is only a problem of promoter.
