The mansions of UKIP who refuse those who live with HIV are a perfect example.
You speak of when Nigel Farage said that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the United Kingdom to health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he answered Yes when the interviewer asked specifically whether people living with HIV are included in the side.
First you use specious arguments, then discredit them you by a barely veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family have need of the NHS, we have to queue behind the intolerant chronic hypochondria who think that everything is due.
I believe that it is you who use specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the nutters of right, virtually does not exist.
I think that's what is called democracy.
Then nobody would be affected by UKIP measures against health tourism, so there is no problem.
There is that in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell may appear as a revolutionary.
A quote from a cloth is not proof.
Yes, so shoot the Messenger.
The Mail has not written the report, he made that comment.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot to spread such populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I do not think that you know what is a specious argument.
You know nothing either of my personal situation or my identity, then you should be careful when you try to kill the debate by accusations of homophobia.
The sentence of Farage much surprised, but only because it so rarely speaks of this issue.
He made absolutely no homophobic remark.
I'll have you to succeed to you.
I'm not quite sure where you're getting, but I imagine that you do not like when the media talk about what you don't like.
In if rarely discussed because that unlike Farage and his nuts Thatcher followers who believe that AIDS and floods are a sign of God and not a reflection on their own inability to understand the complexities of humanity are of something good, then not.
Finally the situation is also rotten in Ireland and Spain.
With the new crisis that happens the austerity period only will have nothing arranged.
Hope almost 5% growth by 2015 is a big joke.
The Ireland the "Tiger of EUROPE" bragged us on, a few years ago.
There have been more!
This recommmence read the article.
They try to make believe that the Ireland is a virtuous country and that a "new economic MIRACLE" is happening.
With the agreement of Brussels, taxes on the lowest European societies, a very flexible labour market, a migration that continues.
With these ingredients not what "complacency" for now with the coming of the poles.
In the 80s of 20th century, Ireland was one of the poorest countries of the EU, with portugal in whereas a constant perimeter, without the new countries, the situation is always better that it was.
Greece was before.
That their development was not a long calm river, it is on in the light of the recent event.
Rate of the lowest taxes in Europe?
It is wrong!
The Latvia has a rate of 0% on business taxes.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France on the part of policies on taxes actually paid by multinationals.
According to a report released in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only SMEs pay full pot.
Now I confirm that traffic became huge, and there are new cars (and expensive) has any street corner, exactly as before the crisis of 2008.
I screw in Dublin for 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily caps since.
It's supposed to be the economic news?
Don't worry, I'm sure the comments will soon ignite.
In another article they are writing, 2 Vauxhall Astra are involved in a collision on the A140.
Is that Ryanair has now transfer passengers on one flight to another in this way?
I believe that Mr. O'Leary will soon buy a new fleet of aircraft, so a few bumps and scratches on the old will quickly be forgotten.
Having said that I fly with him next week, so I hope that will not be on one of those two - then once rafistolés.
Then it would be entirely the fault of the other driver.
Is what Ryanair did pay extra to passengers for additional fear that it was willing to provide?
But without this kind of Irish companies, you couldn't afford to go on holiday, young man
I've never taken Ryanair and the last 3 times I took the aircraft it was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers a quality service.
No, but it's Ryanair, then they can to give heart to joy.
No matter what the article on Ryanair raises dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair in respect of those who like to take Ryanair and believe that those who pay anything that the basic rate need to blame themselves, etc.
It is transparent enough.
Ryanair will not be happy with the extra cost due to this incident.
I wonder what will be the delay and whether it will have to compensate passengers and if this is the case, if Ryanair will power avoid paying by saying that it was an error by air traffic controllers from the airport.
The passengers have been put on another aircraft within an hour, they are entitled to compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams for compensation.
Welcome on this British Airways flight which takes the ISIS English in Syria, not true as you say.
Good trip
Sunday last in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: the Marsh is largely pedestrian and literally crawling with world.
People come not en masse for the quality of the restaurants (any, mostly) neither for the living room of the space of the white friars (hyper-intellectuel and slightly dusty) journal.
The reason for this crowd, is that shops are all open and that the neighborhood is incredibly alive and animated.
With many foreigners who spend...
You believe that the Sunday opening will created jobs?
Go a Paris Rue des Francs-Bourgeois where shops are open on Sunday, crammed world with 50% of tourists.
@aloes fake!
The only argument that me would be admissible is one of the areas receiving a large number of foreign tourists and it is nuanced by the fact that they buy tax-free.
The tourist areas are losing each year a significant volume of sales for the same reasons.
Remains the industry where expensive equipment, operated on Sunday, allow to lower prices.
Sunday rest is a right enjoyed, exceptions, employees.
This is the reason for which it is intended and regulated by the labour code.
Or the Minister responsible for the economy, nor, moreover, those responsible for Foreign Affairs, have the slightest competence to reform the labour code.
While they complete it.
The Act point to what?
Meet a part of the population and companies who wish to work on Sundays.
In Montreal Sunday apm I take my grandchildren to the municipal library.
In my city of 30000 people where I live in France the municipal library is open 4 days a week but not the we!
That is the access to culture.
And it is also the regulation of working time.
the way of life he defended tenaciously against fascism
the way of life he defended tenaciously against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the succession of his daughter was against his will use to pay for succession?
There are paintings.
Some are good, others are not terrible.
No doubt his estate wants its share of the cake, if you'll pardon the expression.
his preference for a victory of nationalists/Franco in the Spanish civil war...
And his hostility to the independence of places like the Ireland and the India and fascist ideas as a whole and also add his well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me neither.
But for 5 years, and only five years, it was perfect.
In 1940 it has stood up to the other Government aristos who wanted to discuss an 'agreement' with the nazis and he won very cleverly.
With its beautiful rhetoric and his energy, he United the country in the idea that fight against the fascists was the only way to win.
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom, and France, and of the Belgium and, ultimately, the world can thank God to have had during these five years, just over five years, Churchill at the helm and none other.
The greatness of Churchill has nothing to do with this discussion.
His descendants sell the paintings on the open market to raise money for the costs of estate, they could even make a profit.
If the public wants to see one in a Museum, that they have money to buy it.
It's as simple as that.
But we could use the tax money.
No one can deny that, when it was 'the moment of truth', the personality of Churchill was a positive advantage for his country during World War II.
A revival of the internal market by public works will only encourage large corporations which will increase their dividends by avoiding to hire, the building infrastructure is by definition little renewable.
As social reforms advocated by the Minister, they reflect the true evil francai:s mistrust of dialogue
Return to the princeps values.
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
That the lowest of us is not in need!
Either severally we come to his aid, or he is entitled in Exchange for services that it makes or has made a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer to the smic corresponds to this vision.
There is also the lessor who lives on income from its properties.
There is place to differentiate those who invest for a return at the time of his retirement and one who lives his pension.
Property to rent or even two to one couple at the top, is vice
The little genius of Finance is singularly lacking imagination.
The new deal was a policy of great works, but in an era of deficiency in major infrastructure.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
Developed countries are instrumented.
The need for infrastructure is marginal so nothing a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time where the question of the decay emerges in response to a recession that is only a decrease wild so brutal
You would have had reason 30 years ago: no need (or opportunities) dams, coal mines, highways...
But if one wants to make less harsh future shock climato-energy, so the need of investment is shouting: insulation, renovation of the railway, urban transport, transport and storage of energy etc...
A tax system that promotes high incomes and pensioners.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a gala.
The benefits of Samsung are undermined by the iPhone 6 and competitors from same range
Introduction mid-September by Apple ™ of larger screens for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus a perhaps attracted buyers who otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I have tested all these phones and decided for the LG G3.
So Samsung has lost me as a customer, but not to the benefit of Apple.
I believe that it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft has implemented this philosophy, we have experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple and the Community open source.
We have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
In addition we have all different needs and they can be satisfied by a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy and appreciate the design.
Some people attach no value to the design, for them the options, functionality and price shall prevail.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Stop seeking a better platform.
Is there a better constructor car, not really, they are similar but different.
I would like to see a thriving industry of mobile phones, with radically different approaches for people and different markets.
It is healthy and should be encouraged.
This is in all our interests.
I am pleased that you have found exactly what you were looking for and that it is not an Apple product, even if I made a different choice.
Most people I know have iPhones.
Our umpfrontistes friends fighting according to one of them the ideas, not men (on the contrary, on the Parisian bobos) could they tell us of what (the) s author (s) they are fighting the ideas on the kind and tell us the works they just intend to fight.
Or attack they just the kind described in Le Figaro, Minute or Valeurs Actuelles?
Their sources is Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, John, I love you well, and you're someone intelligent and cultivated.
I said it about Judith in the vein of Furusato evoking Holofernes, reconciliation which had not come to me (I have not its alertness).
Otherwise, in the 'background' since you return there, this topic does not interest me, and sincerely I do not see where is the problem: I was hoping that you and your friends could get out me of my retarded because I'm slow but I understand...
@ Jean: acknowledge that, culturally, return Judith with Holofernes, it does.
Who's afraid wondered the world?
But what we fear those who fear?
Furasato @ us giving answers.
The first citing the Judith of the Bible, the second as Judith Butler's throat very symbolic slicer.
You can see how these studies relate to the more intimate home.
We are obviously more in the debate of ideas.
It is something else, much deeper.
@ Have you read, John, that the world has published an article on the need for theology?
@: If acting a discussion of idea I thought it appropriate to go to the sources.
Pretend fight ideas from the only presentation that make their detractors (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the theory of the kind or X Lacroix, theologian) seems to me not very rigorous.
But hey, as I explained to our friend umpfrontiste is the difference between having an informed opinion and mere opinion.
I'm not on elsewhere that it is understood the nuance.
I haven't read Judith, the very symbolic slicer's throat, I content of the "second sex" (it was more my time) which is I believe the source of 'the source' according to the wishes of Lo.
While I was watching the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the Moon briefly shown when the clouds are open.
This sudden appearance of the Red Moon had its charm and somewhat offset the disappointment of sometimes having the view blocked by clouds.
It was fabulous here in FNQ.
Yes, the cloud of last night really encircled the coast of Victoria and NSW, while most of the rest of the Australia had a clear weather.
Flash special blood moon.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey make the responsible for Labor.
But if the Labour accepts our unfair budget, we will make it its true color as soon as possible.
It obsesses you, non?
I was in Melbourne then naturally I only saw clouds.
Melbourne has also succeeded to cover week rain of meteors of the Perseids and virtually all important astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I'm starting to think that there is an evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent the people of Melbourne to see anything from the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an Observatory, even if things improve greatly across the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I couldn't see the eclipse because of the clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne.
I'll put a tax on this eclipse.
ANYONE viewing this eclipse should pay a tax.
I bet your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just as the last before bedtime.
Who or what you obsédera when it eventually (inevitably) by disappear?
It seems that you spend lot of time to read the discussions by searching messages in which people criticize the Government Abbott to then accuse them of being obsessed.
Superb photo of the Moon above the Harbour Bridge in Sydney.
Looks like March going to collide with the Earth!
Nothing about the stock market and real estate speculation.
Nothing on inequalities between income of labour and capital.
Nothing on tax fraud.
The ultra liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing on the gardens of Babylon...
The article says too much or not enough.
The detail and arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No hyperlink to the original documents to form an opinion.
Go see today Tuesday October 15 the results of revenue miracles: in Spain, exports are at its lowest for five years.
In Greece the stock market collapses.
Yet it is seems it examples to follow.
The reform of notaries would generate a claim of the order of EUR 8 billion.
The Ministry of economy says that these claims are unfounded.
What about error of the Ministry of the economy?
Policymakers who have reaped political benefit resulting from the courageous attack by notaries have the same courage during the presentation of the invoice to the State budget?
The suite in its time.
OK, thanks, JYL...
@lol not the State is not comparable to the households in the management of its budget because the time horizon of the State is theoretically infinite while household is bounded by the lifetime of its members.
In addition, unless deemed to be unproductive public spending, they contribute to finance tangible and intangible investments pledges of future growth and therefore future revenues.
Some elements of response.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the sacred Hippocratic oath: the health of the profits of the world's pharmaceutical companies must be preserved above all.
Nice conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not match your fantasy.
Medical personnel would be able to use it, but they have their hands tied by the law as written by the policies.
It is the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgery, shoot rooms safe for drug addicts rather than have the streets, etc.
On these issues the politicians want to give pleasure to the uneducated masses.
In fact, doctors do not earn money with drugs.
That's why there are pharmacists.
doctors do not earn money with drugs saw that Liberals want that our health care system resembles that of the United States, you should inquire about how it works.
Worldwide physicians are wooed in the same way, but it is more or less visible.
It was maybe badly formulated to put the blame on the medics, but the reality is that many countries, including the Australia, give priority to the profits of the business and the «search»
Read therefore the few rare reports on expenditures for Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and the negotiations with pharmaceutical companies from other countries.
Compare world prices of medicinal products everywhere, and the differences from one country to another on what is over-the-counter or prescription only.
This strengthens it is a political and economic process, not a medical, scientific, direct or indirect.
In fact some companies are at this very moment inhalations of marijuana against oncologic pain, despite laws hindering them and trials of expensive permit necessary.
Although some drug manufacturers may not be happy that using alternatives such as marijuana, those who reach a version offering good quality products at known doses will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you Madam but you fooled, much is happening behind the scenes for doctors and pharmacy.
About this hospital, they were happy to use until someone puts the chip to the ear of an official of the hospital.
It is impossible to hold patents on the grass...
If 'researchers' in the social sciences were searching instead of policy making and networking, it could maybe use their 'work '.
A researcher survey, it does not compare one fact to another.
Compare this is not search.
Compare it is make pedagogy not searching.
Cannot say "searching is accomplished it must be applied" and then in a same jet ' should experiment to any will.
If your searches are successful why experiment?
If your searches are not successful why ask you that applied?
Can you explain to me how a "scientist" can infer that a student who cannot assimilate only mathematics could more easily absorb mathematics and other materials?
New technologies allow to learn the condition that students learn to use new technologies but how would arrive they learn new technologies if they can't learn?
The pisa tests are that an indicator are an indicator that enables us to find indicators that us are satisfactory.
What it is to construct an indicator that informs you of what arrange you, a desire for self promotion, a deception?
A single track for training teachers: away from training the Sophists and the ideologues and that practitioners teaching practitioners.
Fabrice reread the paragraph on courses (which unfortunately is not very argued) and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most inefficient conservatism: "it is a device which leads before any reproduction of existing practices, and which does not advance the system «.»
Given the general consensus on the State of the french system can not wish that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their place in a modern teacher training
Theorists of education should have no place.
Practitioners, must have one.
Would you like to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and that has never set foot in an operating room before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the educational system.
Give more weight to education theorists, it would destroy it permanently.
Your analogy is totally borked: if I would not be operated by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training, I would do even less me operated on by a surgeon who has no theoretical training and who learned on the job.
Mike Weatherley, Conservative Member of Parliament responsible for the fight against the violation of copyright by David Cameron
Why does not simply to Cameron to stop?
Someone should make a popular arrest.
MDR exmaiers thanks.
If one day I start to feel guilty of violating copyright law, simply me read an article like this.
In an economy of information, violation of copyright = flight.
It is the same thing as they should cite their sources correctly.
Often, a licence costs nothing.
No, it is a violation of copyright law.
Not at all the same thing.
Using content without the appropriate license, you deprive artists of their livelihood.
You can always discuss pedantic hypotheses - but it is the flight.
And you can repeat it as much as you want, it will become for all true.
It is a violation of copyright law.
Go, repeat it again.
If one day I start to feel guilty of violating copyright
Obviously it doesn't bother you to deprive artists of their income.
If they think that they should receive money for images used in duties of school, an almost perfect definition of what should constitute a fair use, so I'm glad to deprive them of this phantom income.
Lesson no. 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish it on their favorite social networks, they abandon any intellectual property in the site under the terms that they have passed with a click.
Maybe if they share their with a buddy mp3 player headphones in the school bus, they should be expelled for breaking the law in such a way.
Ah if we could export this resource which we regorgeons, the raleur which says that everything goes wrong...
If it is a PS Member who stated, then we must believe it.
I have 2 children and when they are in age to choose, I would advise them to leave the France if nothing has changed here there.
The France pulls people down continuously assisting.
I do not want my children to support the debt that this policy will be created.
What pulls the France down, these are the speech like yours.
@gus I am working in private enterprise has always been.
I had the CHANCE to have worked in companies led by great leaders of companies: it exists in France but this is rare.
I am paid because I know that I do not have the skills to run a business and this choice allows me to shoot red balls on patrons Dummies I encounter frequently.
At ease in my sneakers I completely agree with the post by Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan: he said the ugly truth!
@gus, if compared with the German companies that french business leaders cite constantly asking for reforms in France, in Germany companies were able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular ensuring the link between large enterprises and medium and small - expect french bosses to do the same?
That the State take their hand?
This state whom they accuse of incompetence?
@ Jacques L.
Still this verse anti entrepreneurs on your part!
Remind me, that you created as employment, such as added value, to be as severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, the France is facing an intractable problem: the incompetence of the heads of french companies unable to create jobs and who Shun and minaudent pending the permanent assistance of the State!
It's terrible!
But they have solutions: removal of labour, employers loads of tax Code, working 45 hours per week paid 35, and some, walking on eggs, dare to claim the lower wages otherwise deletion!
I can't wait to see all the "negative" comments on this subject.
Which is ironic because of the way people always complain First group.
And after what I see where I am, Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers.
They tried to keep afloat rather than turn.
It does not mean that the Scottish railways are not have improved since Last deals.
But they were also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
We unfortunately do not have the power to do that, unfortunately.
I tried to have them recently, but I failed.
But okay, ploughing will pull us much trouble, is this not...
It is an international subsidiary.
They are already operating trains in Germany.
Nothing prevents people in the United Kingdom to create a more moral undertaking and to take part in public tenders.
But it seems that we are not very good management, most of our privatized services will eventually be managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and critics when First won the contract Virgin, all that that decision is ultimately cancelled.
And there is better: MTR, a Hong Kong company has won the contract to operate of Crossrail for 8 years.
Well plowing, as they we were repeated during the referendum campaign, is totally for pooling and sharing and think that workers must all help each other across borders.
It can be assumed that they will be happy with this decision ;)
It may be because the Dutch management is on track while the British did not.
What ScotRail is needed, it is not simply a change of ownership but especially new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad possible choices, but the real problem is the ridiculous system of franchises, not the franchisor.
"It was a swing girl".
Lord, I hate, but really I hate this kind of expression.
Assuming that being "wing" is superior in quality to many others, the concern for others, intelligence, listening, for example, being "wing" has nothing to do with that to survive a disease: "beating" cancer, which are no less dead, I know for certain.
Out of a disease has nothing to do with merit.
Go we will repeat as...
I not tell you that it is the condition for gerir, I tell you that much help...
Nothing to do with any deserves...!
When the examples of your life, there is only you to judge them.
I start again.
Insinuate, not a moment, we can have merit out of a disease or can wish to do not out, quite simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that loose, everywhere, despite the will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry think otherwise, if have a solid moral can probably more easily accept heavy treatment and prepare to try experimental treatments as this woman did and not deny it for fear...
Someone who is flying in medicine, it is above all someone who put their trust in medicine...
But if we prefer if relying on the "Lord" is something else...
Nor with deserved nor with courage.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch a dirt, one real, you make strip to only become a zombie.
Personally I caught in two, dirt, large, and if I "fought" as say these fine psychologists, it completely escaped me.
Unless this fight is only to bite the bullet, to suffer hell and cashing blows.
I thought that the charge against Milosevic had been decided and finalized a decade ago.
I have not seen this name in newspapers since at least this time there.
That is what happens?
This is a birthday.
A forgotten anniversary.
His trial was conducted 'quickly' and then swept under the carpet.
Is this the story is told at the time?
The nationalist has become Communist that has triggered three wars in the Balkans in the last decade?
The Communist president of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, ask therefore that it has voluntarily left out: 1.
How could the bombing of NATO be legal under any rule of international law?
What country did the Serbia attacked?
About RTS (Radio-TV-Serbia), why do you not mention that NATO has destroyed this same building by killing civilians, and considered it as a valid target.
Milosevic had no way of escape: if he was not defending his country from NATO attacks, he would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he was, he would be swallowed by Western compressor Wheeler.
Westerners used a smoke screen to detach a part of a sovereign State which then unilaterally declared its independence and was promptly recognized by the Western States who then lied from beginning to end on the situation on the ground.
The Serb population is now totally gone (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, is dead politically after his first term for being not able to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the political world of the time.
Ultimately, the Guardian should not qualify tyrant Milosevic (even if we don't like it).
To my knowledge there is that in Greece that a method for prediction of earthquakes works about, by measuring piezoelectric level in quartz.
This kind of studies is undoubtedly useful and thanks for letting us share the results.
Hope so but the caution is this water has nothing do with the named extrasolar planet HAT - P - 11b, located at about 124 years light from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, which would be the smallest planet and coldest to present molecules detectable water ", according to a study led by Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine at the University of Maryland team..
The method to follow so.
Like those which involve animals feeling a threat to reach.
Thanks smuggler of sciences regale us, often, these experimental prowess which are carried out in the world.
How animals know (in advance)?
No doubt by the perception of other elements including the rate moves in case of earthquake.
As radon for example.
A priori gas odorless to humans but may be detectable by animals.
All these methods are undetectable to humans, but not for measuring instruments available to it.
However we have no reliable results on these tracks...
He repeatedly observed summer (and for centuries) that some animals act strange way a few hours with an earthquake, including chickens, cows, dogs but especially the fish and snakes.
I had seen a story about arte recounting the fight of two scientific teams, one Californian, another Japanese, to recognize the validity of their work which focused on the sensitivity of animals to terrestrial magnetic fields, and in particular its amendment before an earthquake.
So ofcourse I'm not scientific but their assumptions had convinced me!
Or are we on this research?
Why so much contempt for this track?
Should relearn a listen to nature...
If we look at things calmly and carefully, it publishes it in a serious journal, and nobody despises.
As soon as we talk about the 'signs' given by the animals, it is facing the same bias: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake goldfish circling oddly.
I do not understand that we can think that Boris would make a good leader for the conservatives.
He too made as Mayor of London.
When we listen to LBC program cannot help thinking that this man only knows nothing and he tries always to divert with a joke.
He never answers directly to anything.
He also said that he was in agreement with Farage and Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him what.
He could not appoint a single point.
He made so many promises to get elected as Mayor and he has not taken a single.
It only underlines how much the rest of the conservative party is that a collection of crap, no?
Because it is popular.
Because it is funny.
He has been in "Have I Got News For You.
Because it's a celebrity and it instilled in people the worship of celebrities.
Londoners voted for him and it will be the same for the rest of the country.
When (and if) it take the leadership of the party, the coast of popularity of the Tories will puncture the ceiling I am sure.
May God help us.
I'm not so sure: people like jokes, but do not want their Prime Minister in any one
This is exactly what was said of Londoners.
He should bring with him his friend the cinder block, more intelligent than him
In many ways, I think he tries to copy R Branson
The Americans had one as President.
The French themselves are really and always disinterested in the history of the war of the Pacific.
For all those who have given themselves the trouble to read a few books (there are, including a french and excellent b.)
Mayo), "Salomon" and the "Strait of scrap" speak, so unfortunately the dead who remained there.
We understand that the Australians, who know (one of their heavy cruiser, Australia, must always be the bottom since the battle of Savo) did not want to go back.
"We are actually passed the island of Savo, in l" Iron Bottom Sound.
Even if the key mission at its end.
It is small.
But the side Green is a total smoke-fill.
Calculate the kerosene consumed to reach the goal completely discredits the concept...
Just browse the list of sponsors as philanthropists.
An operation of com over neither fact nor to do.
The cow, it gives too much envy!
I expect the Web series with impatience!
Your story makes me dream, identifying me somewhat in passing (I also learned a sail with the crocs L'elorn to the roadstead of Brest-Moulin Blanc!).
Hat also for message ecological, even though some criticize the impact of displacement.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to make us dream, and to show with pride that the Britons are frequent travellers!
Pierre, Trinidad and Tobago.
Hello I think the Red bonnet who demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany Region and the city of Brest.
More seriously it seems to me that local authorities and public bodies of any kind should not spend a penny of our taxes to finance the dreams of a few even as nice as those - adventurers there!
There the players in the current Serbian formation which is Kosovo?
I know that Dusan Bajevic at Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and now Fenerbahçe, Mitrovica, but I do not know if they are still in the team
It is Bisevac Lyon Defender, pas Bajevic.
Bajevic was midfielder or forward in the 1970s and 1980s and resulted in many teams in Greece, but I do not know where it is.
Bajevic is Mostar, in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and played as a striker in the large team of Velez who, under the tutelage of the legendary Rebac Suleman finished twice in second place in the Yugoslav League (and also included sizes as Vahid Halilhodzic and faithful crew of Arsène Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what has happened to Krasic?
It was said that he would become a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time it appeared on my radar it was linked to Blackburn * shudder *.
There, I can not help you.
I know that he has lost his place when Conte arrived, then he went to Fener and as much as I know there is not licensed.
He can maybe still do something, perhaps in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, the Serbia.
Seriously, the Albania, fear not.
You'd love the Albania because you are nearby.
The thing is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the true Albania of today.
Apparently it was the flag of the great Albania, encompassing all regions where there is a substantial Albanian presence.
A bit of excessive nationalism, actually.
Fortunately, no not there was too much damage (that I know of).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the card not the so-called greater Albania, but the Albania from before 1913, when the great European powers decided to give tips of the country to neighbouring countries.
How can we have felt "an explosion of joy" by seeing two towers collapse knowing that women, men and children too are inside?
How?
What bothers me a bit in this "evidence", it is that the mere fact of being able, not even once, rejoice spontaneously in horrible of thousands of people died, testifying to my eyes with a personality "border line" all "evidence" should be taken with the greatest circumspection.
No doubt as to the short time of "joy", it will have not thought the dead or the reality of the inflicted horror.
It will have just thought, momentarily, that, for once, Muslims had managed to do really and apocalyptiquement ill at the grand villain Satan in his heart.
Do something powerful.
Grandiose.
It would seem that this feeling was shared by thousands of Muslims corroded by their sense of humiliation.
With testimony filmed in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
It is doubted a bit.
Western "Christian/white/Gaulish" cannot measure the degree of frustration, anger, hatred of the musuman when he gazes misery General underdevelopment social and cultural of the Muslim Arab world of today.
I'm talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not the towers of Dubai.
The glory, certainly magnified is no consolation, to the contrary.
How to exit the Muslim world of this diabolical funnel?
Totally in tune, 2 major poisons irrigate the Arab world l: bigot conservatism of the powers and nihilism fascist.
The common point, freezing of thought and excommunication (soft or army) expression critical.
That we have understood it before, should not roll back Muslims.
This is the only way.
Edwy Plenel read this article?
I guess that's true in many countries.
But in Britain, the fall marked the beginning of six long months dark, damp and depressing that affect the well-being and mood of many people.
In addition, everyone gets sick.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer myself.
When the light goes, it becomes hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little for mood and well-being.
Autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign in particular is breathtaking in autumn.
Not as breathtaking as the green of the summer when everything is living instead of dying.
In Britain, if you're lucky, the summer falls in a weekend.
We had a great summer this year, do not make your Curmudgeon who rambles snapshots!
Not everyone.
I get rarely sick in the winter.
But now I am retired and I develop more immunity to germs from the outside, it may change, I guess.
This is not to be on the verge of dying, it is just one step in a cycle...
A wonderful stage full of intoxicating smells, with a degree of excitement which culminates with festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, risk of snow and many other wonderful words.
Just do not stop doing things!
These are my recommendations for the holidays for you.
Yes, these dark and grey months make me actually much happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation of increases for children, this is the amount received by the State which comes mainly from the 8 to 10 deciles.
But with regard to the number of households having their tax increase due to this measure, it is especially the deciles 4 and 5 who are concerned (median income) according to figure 2.
The removal of the half share concerning especially widows is not at all treated in the article or rather its impact is completely under rated: 230 M euros this is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is painless.
And it is not ready to arrange.
Okay, it is not on the straw of course, but thoughtful
For a time that the PS is a rather left-wing politics we will not cry...
It is obvious that those who are part of the richest 20% must withstand much more than 75% of the tax increase, why not 90%?
Continue thus and you will encourage these 20% to work less or from.
Okay, I know, this is not politically correct, but I still say.
Vive the Trots and OIC recycled PS: they have included.
Adam, you see not what you look at.
The proportion is still the same, here or at the Bahrain: 20% of the population owns 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax, it is when no person to raise as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit money loses its usefulness.
And after the utility of money, money serves more to make money, that is) to say to the misfortune of the greatest number.
It is part of the richest 20%.
Probably also some 20% of households who work the most (and create wealth whose part is logically redistributed).
A fair tax must allow these homes to take advantage of some of their efforts.
Or so much give and live social minima, especially if there is a social housing.
The utopias of the Red khmer heads cutters lived happily.
I made two AirBnB in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of the two, we had things that we would have not had in a hotel 5 stars and we did not have to introduce us to the reception or to deal with any hassle.
Just go in someone, sleep, store behind and start again.
Now this will be my first option when I'm traveling.
The logo has changed, people...
Check your insurance before you rent your House.
In most cases will need you a type of homeowner's insurance.
Make sure to use a service with the good logo!
Ah, 6 hours too late.
I love Airbnb.
"This is very dangerous and highly risky" no it's not true.
You just really missed chance.
According to the link provided in the article:
In his defence, Airbnb to Teman response was rapid, almost absurdly fast.
Within 24 hours, according to an e-mail provided to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb had sent a locksmith to change the locks, arranged so that he spent a week at the hotel, and transferred $23 817 (for which Airbnb is assured, but still).
Then why this article quote Teman complaining that he has received no support from Airbnb?
I love AIRBNB, to receive as for travel
Hello I'm looking for people who have already used air bnb just to reassure me.
I intend to pay a deposit and one month's rent at a glance but I'm a little afraid to send £1 600 to a site I've never really heard.
But where will t it?
"Support the troops", sang the Bu$ herie on all shades...
Therefore harmless weapons.
I am sure this makes happy families and close thousands of Kurds killed in halabja to learn that their parents and friends have succumbed to something else to the chemical bombing of saddam hussein.
Unless the content of the article was radically modified by the author, your comment is inappropriate (to be polite).
In addition, how this mass crime in 1988 would prove that chemical weapons discovered near 20 years later were still usable?
It is not hyper clear style of the author: "looking for weapons of mass destruction.
There is much agreement.
You believe that this is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education
Is never the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war.
Alternative: It is always the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
It would strengthen already much education if we did 'them' work 35 hours instead of 17.
At the time, our teachers currently earn more than engineers.
And that we not be believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week to prepare their programme.
But it is not seen as National Education does not have the means to provide an office college/high school at his teachers so they bossent at home.
A kind of forced telework in sum, except that the employer pays the computer, internet connection or supplies.
Indeed, it's so the Hideout at 1700 per week and 4 months of vacation that we can't fill the CAPES of math, come, expected you.
How ca you do not feel like coltiner you poorly educated chiards whose parents you spit on treating Wanker?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm the djihadites so that the khurde population can better flourish.
There where we see that the Bush administration has absolutely everything done wrong.
My first job after graduating was in the sale, in London, to win three times nothing and it was yet a post for which he had graduated.
A year later, I saw an announcement to be workers for the London underground, it was paid £5 000 per year and it did even not the patent.
I have never regretted.
In this regard, don't worry not if you do not find a job after graduating, try to find something that pays well, either you enjoy doing.
If I had stayed to graduate jobs, I'd still pay my student loan
I like so much work in business, so I hope term spend either in public or in academia.
LOL LOL LOL this article is really late!
Exactly, when I got my degree in 2011 there were already a backlog of three years.
The best way to reduce the number of graduates unemployed?
Get rid of channels Bhatt as art / letters / theatre / media / philosophy / political science, IE the so-called unemployed graduates.
I have one of these degrees and I finished production manager.
It turned out that the important thing was not diploma but, as the article above says, a good career path, starting at the school and throughout the University.
While the starting salary was lower but quickly climb the ranks because in the real world what counts is results more than knowledge.
This engineering debate / artistic courses last for years.
Scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to get up the morning, arrive at work at the time and interact with people to get results.
Letters, philosophy and art are longlines Bhatt?
This is ridiculous.
I guess you are talking about the gender media studies graduates or whatever the abstruse sector where you went.
Letters, philosophy, political science and art are true channels.
Need us people who can explain the major issues for secondary school students, who understand the importance of the bases of the culture such as literature, art, etc., and put in value.
It would be no better a real territorial to relieve Paris and stimulate policy the rest of the France?
Personally, I see ill residents of the bottom end of the Essonne, and Val d'Oise do 80km round-trip every day by bicycle to come to work in Paris.
Intramural and the small belt residents already have many means of transit otherwise more practices (metro, bus, tram).
&gt; Several parks secured and locked, as it already exists in the cities of Northern Europe, Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on highways.
Good idea.
On the surface, the space is cannibalized by the 2WD.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the city of Paris is working with professionals from the Netherlands and the Denmark.
As much benefit from their large experience in the field.
Well no has found room for one bike mounting device.
The motivation seems strongest when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë...
Okay, it's not going at all.
When we discuss with pedestrians and other transport users in common of the reasons they pedal not it seems to me that the main reasons that emerge are: 1 / it's hyper dangerous with all these cars, trucks, these scooters that run super fast and care about the survival of 2 bikes / we take full of pollution in the head for me bike paths are the PIs go , need to reduce automobile traffic (congestion type congestion charge), reduce speed (Paris = zone 30), enforce the Highway Traffic Act systematically writes (even bikes at the flat meadows need to adapt the code of the road written for bagnoles 100 years bikes), generalize the buffers after passages studded, not before if not cars and scooters do is bother not.
Paths of apartheid, must coexist but re-balance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing on the bike in the grand Paris?
Not a word about the place of the bike in transit?
EELV is right.
The objective of 15% of cycling is ridiculous.
I begin to think that Anne Hidalgo drove the green in the flour.
Moreover after that reports however, the EELV assistants seem skeptical.
I preferred be optimistic.
Before the racket doesn't start, would be better to find who is really behind this massacre.
Index: this is not the Russia.
Not sure to love how is evolving worldwide.
It looks horrible.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed its intention to take the case to the ECHR, but I have heard say that a complaint has been filed.
In addition, should they file complaints in Germany or in Ukraine.
I expect also that these cases be delayed pending the outcome of the report of the accident investigation and the criminal investigation resulting.
Yeah but the Libya did not explode Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for the safety of the airspace, in this case the Government of Ukraine.
Was the accident foreseeable?
Other aircraft had been shot down earlier, the Ukraine launched in the area of air attacks against the rebels and any aircraft could of course be considered a possible and immediate threat.
The Ukrainian Government has taken reasonable precautions in the face of a clear threat or chose to play with the lives of innocent people to make airlines pay overflight rights?
Where are all pro-Kiev trolls who defend their usurper Government / ultra-nationalists from the Western Ukraine - and who want to demonstrate basically that Putin has shot the MH17 flight.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the Government of Kiev because they are responsible for what happens in their sky.
Previous: a judgment of the International Court of Justice, which concluded that the provision of arms by the CIA to the rebel forces Contras at the Nicaragua did not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions.
No chance that the Russia let this case go to the ICJ.
It's funny to think that Abbott wants to tell Putin that Australians were murdered by rebels supported by the Russia.
I hope that he can present evidence to support its allegations.
So far investigators have said nothing like.
Call Ricardo and be such a philistine in eco, is distressing!
Called Polar is losing the North is gratifying.
A single boeotian questionby views: is that the poor of today is poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I can't I help but notice that those who criticize the more virulament the book of Piketty have not read it!
It is easy to read, I put a few days.
It shows the statistical evolution of the income-production, income-capital, inequality-concentration, labour income inequality, the ownership of capital, merit and heritage in the log term...
It shows that the concentration of capital of today joined the start of 20 ° before 1914, it shows that it is the 2 world wars that have decreased the concentration of capital, of 1914 a1945, then how the concentration resumed after...
Bernajuzan: you say no to what.
I ask how long this you took to read this pad knowing that the ability of concentration of an individual has some limitations.
Then, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the Central thesis given the press is fair or not.
If it is correct, can discuss it without having read the book which essentially is arguing one way in favour of it.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajuzan: how long have you set to read?
What is the Central thesis of his pad summarized by the press is false?
I have not read and not will read it.
I therefore rely on the summary of its central thesis and it is one that strikes me as pure humbug.
The concept of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Is humanity not globally enriched?
And this enrichment added to an increase of the population today is the real political question.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the price no doubt.
But remember that it is only 17 years old.
An age at which most people are just beginning to find their place in the world.
I hope that this award will not be a burden for the girl and it will find its way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price but the capital policy of Western governments who want to prove the old adage that colorful perverts are the embodiment of evil.
All my wishes of happiness to MADD, but it must realise that it is used so that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the working-class districts of Great Britain!
Someone he thought his speech was a little strange.
She thanked his father for giving him a lot of freedom, but stated that, if it was not where she is now, she would have married at age 14.
Malala itself is only part of these 'colorful perverts?
You should have no "air time" on this site.
You are, yourself, a horrible pervert.
It is absolutely disgusting.
No, his father was wrong to marry her at age 14.
She was 15 years old when she was shot.
His father runs a school where girls are in school and it is equality of rights for women.
It is, and has always been, so that it receives a higher education and that it has the right to decide itself of her marriage.
However, it is someone unusual in Pakistan, where he thinks that women are equal to men.
What she was saying is that an average Pakistani girl must often marry at age 14, without having its say.
Sorry that it has not stated eloquently enough for you.
This may seem contradictory, but maybe does it mean that, if his father had not given him freedom, she would have married at 14 years old
Rather disappointed by this entry in season 4 and especially by Jessica Lange, who obviously has a bit of trouble finding his character of Marlene Dietrich look-alike.
I just watched the last two seasons which are quite different but I must admit that this is one of the best series of horror, one of the most accomplished!
A first fascinating episode.
Is close to perfect and Jessica Lange show singing the anachronistic Life on March of Bowie is simply stunning.
I watched the new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange bof bof) yet.
In the case of American Horror Story I preferred to have all of a sudden that watch 13 episodes spread over 3-4 months.
But one thing is, apart from Jessica Lange extraordinary, it is especially the risk of stagings and montages that me sidèrent.
There AHS in an avalanche of original plans which not bad ridicules the sanitization of the productions of today.
It escapes me a little bit to see you throw in the towel in advance for the next seasons without even waiting to gauge the quality.
Jessica Lange is a pillar of this series but, you tell it so well, there are many other things.
Non-it is simply that for me Jessica Lange (and especially its way and how she uses it) is really one of the pillars of the series outside the technical qualities.
And Hey baby I watch a lot for it.
Then I find that the series fishing writing, she too wants to do things at the same time.
Season 3 was slightly below, in 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I see them do 10 seasons of American Horror Story, or it'll end up like 24 hours chronos what.
But good each makes what eh!
It is by what I say 'I will more then look' that everyone is obliged to do the same!
I simply share my point of view, nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think that it will be fatal.
But after that, that's just my opinion.
Talk less than tax increases, please - coupons rather in State spending.
Not increase spending if you please.
Those who wanted to cut spending have failed.
Trigger polemics about spending relatively little important, such as the development assistance
The problem is that this represents less than the margin of error in the expenditures of the Government in the United Kingdom.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than the change of direction that voters seem to call their greeting and all the while some people in each camp, pretend that these shades are much more important and substantial than they are - and voters are clear in their game and find it in bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenditure.
The "debt", it is the assets owned mainly by financial institutions in this country.
The 'debt' is nothing which should worry.
I would have no problem with what the Government appropriates one third of my income (even before talk of taxes on consumption) if I thought he was going to use it wisely.
But this is not the case, and many taxpayers have the same feeling.
Told that Nigel Farage was not entirely honest about how to reduce taxes but okay, if you add our net contribution to EU, aid to development, High Speed 2, subsidies pretty much useless wind turbines and nuclear power plants that cost double what they should, you arrive at a figure that makes seem ridiculous tax labour and Lib - Dem on the most luxurious residences.
Your first £10 000 are not taxable.
This means that someone earning £35 000 annually will pay about £5 000 (a seventh of their salary), someone with £50 000 would pay around £10 000 (one fifth), etc. and pays someone with £200 000 £70 000 (a little more than a third).
And social contributions?
More social contributions, more local taxes, parking fees and the auto thumbnail, and it is before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is collected at the source before local taxes and auto thumbnail.
I am paid in a decent way, but not extravagantly so.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I'm happy to pay my taxes.
But let us not pretend to believe that money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where to spend billions of pounds of taxes.
How can an unemployed seeking work to door-to-door prove?
Even though same, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, do you mean that 80% are looking and are not.
Being myself unemployed, I more interest in what others seek it or not?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 HP, ca increases my chances of as much.
Actually I did not have news of Pôle Emploi for months, that means that officers are busier controls operations to really do return employment ads?
I do not see the interest.
Because it is not the State of work.
Pôle Emploi does not provide enough posts, then it should happen by Pôle Emploi.
What is this a sensitive issue?
We all have rights and duties, in this case to ensure that the unemployed well fulfil their duties in return for their rights.
A controller application like their title of transport users to a means of transport, a Department head or are employees of their work, etc.
Person cries out in these cases, not scandal?
It is actually good to remind that the unemployed have rights: the only two times where I been dealing with Pôle Emploi, my rights to the AER were poorly established, and on one of the files, minus 40%, it took batailler closes.
It takes time!
I'm no expert in law.
The display and control takes over now, while statutory employment Center is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the topic of compensation should be that employees, they are the ones who pay contributions.
Policies and the self-employed french grant themselves rights that they have in fact no!
This is not normal.
I would add that a worthy unemployment insurance participates in the enhancement of employment.
More what to expect from assassins tweets in Arabic...
In reality it takes having a direct military response in Iraq / Syria which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this area of conflict.
The situation would look like so the spread of the black death in 1348/9 in connection with war and displacement of populations at the time.
The Saudis had the presence of mind to prohibit this year Hajj to Mecca Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reported that 7 400 have had their visa applications refused because of their country of origin or their recent travels.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim from Bosnia who contracted smallpox in Mecca during the Hajj in the 1980s probably contaminated by a pilgrim come to Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is that it be heartless to propose to prevent Ebola patients to take a plane for Europe?
I thought it was simple common sense, but apparently those "who know" have decided that could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These countries of West Africa where Ebola is out of control should be put in strict quarantine.
Nobody comes out.
Only health personnel can enter.
21 days to wait after having treated patients until they go away.
If they assume the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay until they are cured.
These are not draconian measures.
Nothing that last week, people have been contaminated after having had contacts with people in West Africa although they took "all necessary precautions".
You can stop the advance of the disease.
It is spread mainly by the airlines.
Forbid them to fly to these countries.
In addition, officers of customs in airports should be trained to spot people with typical Ebola symptoms, so that they could be quarantined immediately.
That happens to get the message of the first individual and group (including religious) second and he will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt that he is able to erect the image of God characterized by the total of the cortex of the planet in operation in dogma.
It is still far from this design.
It is 20 years only that information has emerged as the prime data of humanity, whereas religion, from the cerebellum directs our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant Church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is a largely minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Those who criticize would anyway not jeopardise the feet to the Church, there to see the low number of protestants in France.
What is the next step, we remove the notion of sin, too "anxiety"?
@louise: Sorry the Church lacks a vision limited to the France.
And in the world, may be this will help reach more world...
@Martine E, to be honest (as usual) respect for others as you envision it previously in christ.
A century before him Hillel said: "do not do to others what you don't want to make on you, is there any Torah and the rest is comment: goes and studying!".
Christianity goes beyond a mere reciprocity but introduced the agape.
Your 'advancing justice, peace, fraternity' but without God?
It is a return to communism? :-)
Next step: removing the incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will remain this hero who shook the moral laws redefining respect for others.
Christians will be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and to advance justice, peace and brotherhood.
Not very Catholic?
I seem to remember that the low number of protestants in France is mainly by the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then forcibly converted and pushed immigration a few centuries ago.
I hesitate too much between purchasing it, the new Alien, or Wasteland 2 game.
And the new Elite game out soon.
It does not invent.
Me personally I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even participated in its fundraising campaign) but I do not think it worth £30.
If this is the PC version which you are interested, Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM to £30 and also offers a voucher of 20%.
Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM to £30 and also offers a 20% discount coupon.
I'll look.
Obviously not at work.
The killjoy of the computer Department block all cool sites.
Hello - what is £30 then 20% off, or is £30 include the 20% discount?
Attention however: the PC version is only for DX11.
It took me by surprise, I bought it, but can not play there.
In addition I purchased it on Steam, so no refund, it sucks.
It is time to buy a new video card * fact hangover *.
It is a Brazilian site, but you get one username valid Steam, I believe.
Caveat emptor and all that: I have not used it myself.
Amazon £30 for PC, £35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, £44 for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I fear that one day they erase it your library if they decide to crack down on people who buy it there while they are out of the planned area.
So join the beta of Elite: Dangerous.
Thus, was the France of 1940 "putrid soil"?
Say, this Nobel Prize has me all the air of a poisoned chalice.
Must be loving the 40 France, that of "strange defeat"?
When you see who gets the Nobel for literature one wonders if Proust or Dostoevsky would have today.
The Nobel is not even an event, it did not even want to read the award-winning authors.
Brazilians, the Chinese or Australians will read Modiano which is already hardly readable in french and which describes a universe so limited and so egocentric?
I hope that the other Nobels are more credible but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only a distant report with literature.
Did you read it at least?
Or another Nobel?
It would be better to try.
As for the Chinese, Brazilians and others, do not worry for them.
Foreigners are very sensitive to the literature and French culture, them.
They will appreciate M.
Modiano at its fair value, if they already know!
Your side, continue to attend Levy and Musso.
I share your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso retain all their chances.
So let's see who got the Nobel for literature: H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
Hi the awful.
Since I drove one in Iceland, I stop not see the Kia Sportage everywhere.
I believe that this thing has followed me so far.
Maybe she wants to crush me?
Or swallowing me as the horrible computer Superman III?
Hello Dantra, still hate?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my medocs.
It's Wednesday!
I had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the Festival of beer and cider from Nottingham.
It was messy.
I managed to enjoy 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel is one of my favorite.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there, there was not that CAMRA fanatics (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
Driving on the Sunday back it was really hard.
Monday evening we went to the grandfather of a friend to play nine card brag.
Thanks to a real chance to beginner I could walk away with several decent updates.
I hope that if I get to 95 years old I will be so keen that he.
Last night I went to a chic cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks came with a slice of bacon top.
I admire M.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how you make mistake, Dear Christian.
Having said that, without wishing to upset you, I believe that you get away a little of the subject.
This famous totality, it prohibits the quests for the jihadists out of mosques.
It reported without delay the arms trafficking.
There eyes wide open as Meddeb and Taia or Boubaker either one has large eyes closed.
You must choose.
It is not keeping the eyes closed you can access to the light.
Forgive me, Dear Christian, but even once you do a monumental counter-track: all authorities, organizations or associations representative, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the EIS and its crimes, french, Muslim or not, has nothing to add to these unanimous official sentences.
Who is silent consents.
The problem is that people like you see them first as Muslims, Arabs or Africans.
Not as the french.
Unfortunately, expensive Kentoc'h ' h Masiyambiri, doubt exists for everyone.
As I said thousand times, some doubt the approval by the Jewish french of the Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and indecent of acknowledge them a priori and demand that they publicly manifest to prove to the rest of French society that it is wrong to doubt.
This principle in my opinion is the negation of the Republic and can only help to unravel the French company.
If there's no doubt, as many say.
But who is silent consents, agrees to what?
Agrees to a proximity to EI or EI sentencing.
Silence is handy, it is the main weapon of those who want household the goat and the cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond predicted that Scotland could, during the elections, "revenge" parties represented at Westminster because a huge gap has widened between their proposals for decentralization and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the prospect of losing all these seats at Westminster...
Cameron must twist of laughter.
What is these threats?
The Conservatives completely fuck of Scotland saw that they have no basis.
They can do what they want with electoral impunity.
I do not think that even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that the Labour losing seats at Westminster in favour of the SNP is a good thing in the long term for him and the conservatives.
Who will shed a tear for the labour party.
They will be totally eliminate in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP that will cut off their head in the North.
Ed Miliband has joined the «promise» thinking that he saved his party but without realising that he signed the death warrant of its Scottish members.
No wonder that some Labour MEPs accounts to their leader.
If the SNP win 20-25 seats, and there is no majority in the Parliament, even if the seats do not come from conservatives, they will then be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they can force both the Conservatives and the Labour to do what they promised for maximum decentralization.
I believe that it is rather that the important thing.
Not if the Labour or the conservatives want to be re-elected one day in England.
Waxing pumps 8% at the expense of 85%, this is not a super electoral strategy.
In addition, once Scottish MPs will no longer vote on matters affecting England, the Conservatives will win all votes.
Oh, I believe that it is.
Cameron has perhaps not much to lose, but if Miliband.
Maggie has done with the unionists in Ulster and it has been successful.
Yet it is still vying to be Prime Minister in 2015 and that since he won the leadership of the labour party.
So, by and large, these boxes will be virtually behind each player to look over his shoulder and see what it reads, how it reads, and until the end.
It's "The lives of others" of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of money...
Always the same fascination for monitoring techniques.
Eventually, this effect at least a sterilizer.
I expect the next post: Amazon manufactures your book according to your profile and this automatically using an algorithm of his secret!
That's gay as world.
Strongly stimulated.
Thanks for the article.
As under this system, the management of the DRMs is not implemented, still me playing pirated files, books in the public domain or purchased from a few publishers who have the intelligence to offer free cookie files.
Considering the price I paid the Kobo, it without regret.
I am bewildered by the widespread abdication of users face the appropriation of their private lives.
Your mainstream bookseller you systematically will notice that everybody gives his loyalty card (fn * c d * itre,...).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are probably laughable.
For example"Finnegans Wake" by James Joyce.
@Thomas: in the age of Big Data, the data is not really need to be personal to be relevant.
Be careful not to put all the literature in the same tray.
Harvesting of anonymous data when there is a profile...
Harvesting is not anonymous.
These are data published by Kobo which are, not allowing or to identify readers or authors.
But Kobo has all these information, it.
There was so exaggerated, incorrect and contradictory statements on the part of the Turkish Government these days that the country seems to be headed for a full of schizophrenic kids on acid kindergarten class.
It's even worse that that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that some supporter of Erdogan think Islamist is a such insult that they delete your comment, but not mine. ;-)
Well seen: p but the Turkey did not want to shoot itself in the foot, unless you gain something.
If she attacks ISIS, ISIS ripostera, so it's actually shoot itself in the foot.
A diplomat in retirement wrote on his blog: "the AP reports that the Iran has warned the United States that it would be a mistake to seek to overthrow lei Syrian president Bashar Al-Assad because it would endanger the security of Israel.
It is not clear in the article if the Iran there sent a severe warning of retaliation or if he simply advised caution.
"This second option is more likely and, in all cases, what is really surprising is that today ' hui Iranian and American diplomatic engagement concerning Syria, the Israel and the security of the region.
Indian Punchline reading is to recommend highly to anyone who pays attention to the details rather than the c * nneries balanced by traditional media. The short article which you give the link is important and should be read bearing in mind the realistic observations / previous warnings from Iran to propose to the Afghanistan around 1979-1980.
Who are these 'moderate' seriously fighting the horrible Assad secular and at the same time the perverts of ISIS?
Pipelines policy pushes the world to the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to 'moderate' non-existent pay more attention to the facts and to the alternatives before sending the children of others to fight in the third world war.
"It's even worse that that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan" are there other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
Should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
'Should '?
You realize that neither criminals nor victims, have the slightest chance of still being alive?
A bit late for this, buddy...
Criminals would not just old now, type 120 years?
A bit late for that, no?
Particularly on the triumvirate of the CUP who planned and led the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed just after the 1st World War in revenge by the Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a place lost Central Asia roughly at the same time, when he went there dreaming of founding there a Turkish empire.
What delirium!
An impressive command of the fallacy of the fatal slope, but other than that, it looks in vain for the contact with the real.
For photos without argument.
The fetus will always hear a heart that beats even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
Lesbian couples have may just be a desire for a child and not a desire to be accepted.
Also sterile hetero couples.
As for the children!
What a shame to designate as future psychological imbalances.
One day, they will have the age to defend themselves, say they are happy to live, earn a living and pay the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is probably a 'solution' provisional in the evolution of medicine knows our world.
It does not date from today.
Many women have worn and the world of children who were not their husband.
Even so, we are thus made...
The important thing in this matter is that this practice be framed so that the "commodification" of the body is limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics are they not also commodification of the body?
Anakronik Fareinheit...
It is certainly more elegant to wanders much in distant countries via internet and Pay Pal to shoulder its responsibilities and or to avoid the scandal in an another centuries close to home without screaming at that time on the rooftops! ...
In addition, these practices were not made on behalf of the Church! ...
There are not only Christians and believers who refuse these practices...
No remains that the operation of the body is a real problem.
Oh shut up, this man is passionate about something.
At the end of the 1970s in the Midlands I have seen ca as far.
I had to go the day because I didn't have the right to go there the night!
But if you loved it and you listen to the music – this music today it touches you always as much.
I do not know why there is so many derogatory comments about what Paul Mason said, maybe they are posted by people who have never been cool, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article on football that awaits your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since the film by Tony Parson, there is a shortage of stories that really reflect the reality of the culture of the North of England.
No wonder that Paul Mason has grasped the social context and political, he understood things.
The Northern soul still lives, but it has been vampirized by capitalism and today it is essentially a surface phenomenon.
That said, you can to throw an ear if you're in the London area in November: 99psoul will again pass the soul, including vinyl full of Northern soul, Saturday, November 15 at the Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
Me too I thought always "the same story", but this is a small article well written and well thought-out.
your criticism really need to be more constructive.
Super article.
I loved your documentary.
I guess you are happy to have escaped to Newsnight.
Last train for Wigan of Victoria/Exchange and get off at Wallgate.
In gobant pills.
Whatever the station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 min walk from Wigan after having bought a ticket for the judgment after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern soul scene are described in an excellent episode of the series police George Gently entitled Gently Northern Soul, which is happening in Newcastle in 1968.
Affairs become more springs.
The Palestinians have no partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@Jonathan: Netanyahu does not seek peace because he wants to continue to occupy - colonize (Incidentally, it was also the case of Rabin).
It is obvious that Rabin, Netanyahu and their constituents have all preferred settlement occupation to peace.
He took off his clothes, placed it on the rock and went into the water.
An Israeli had stolen them it.
The representative of Israel rose up in anger and vociféra: "what are you talking about?
The Israelis weren't even there at the time! "."
The Palestinian representative (UN) smiled and added: and now that things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the bipolar Government of the Palestinian Authority and will not drop the guard...
This offense to the anti Israelis it is obvious, this is not the goal...
Anti-Zionist: But I told you, I translate: the global geopolitical report...
And it is always so since policy is globalized...
Avoidance, avoidance...
In the israelo-colonialiste conflict, for the creation of a Palestinian State, it is certain, it continues!
You do not answer for the creation of Israel.
What is the relationship of force has allowed the creation of Israel?
Israelism: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a balance of power!
You imagine?! ...
More everything revolves not just around Russell Brand, but the Guardian journalists seem to be difficult to go beyond what either that he did not say.
Much of what he says are just some written nickname-chomskystes silly stuff no other.
This proves that you do not understand what Russell Brand says, or what Noam Chomsky said.
It is just a series of personal attacks and innuendo (my 13 year old daughter loves it, which would mean that it is a matter of immaturity).
A really vicious charge, with just a hint of awareness that Russell Brand says some truths, perhaps the truths to which we prefer not to think.
Hang in there, this feeling will be increasingly spread!
I can understand why Brand bristle some: he sometimes speaks in a pretentious manner and after all the nonsense of the tabloids it actually gives the impression of being a beginner populist, but this story do not vote has been completely misconstrued my opinion.
The general consensus seems to be that he just told people not to vote and instead sit and ignore all the political process - but if you look at the interview with Paxman and other articles / videos that he posted, he said that vote once every 5 years only for the Labour or the conservatives (or the Lib Dems I guess) and limit the democratic commitment to this is completely useless , the two parties (to slightly different degrees) governing mainly favor special interests, multinational corporations and the rich, no time he only said simply to ignore completely the policy because these parties do not govern in our name: insisted that rather than just voting and disconnects for five years, people should become much more active politically at the local level , organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, no matter and try to influence policy from it.
I do not say that I necessarily agree with its solution (because I think being active politically by presenting its requests can go hand in hand with the fact to vote, given that politicians are weathervanes that will change opinion if they really stand to lose elections), but it's infuriating to see all these condescending responses that say that this moron who made Jesus said to young people not bothering to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it's really distort his arguments.
Its solution is extremely questionable, and it would be nice if people debated what it actually says rather than simply tag it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large amount of people left out of account.
Yes, thank you.
The trick on the vote has completely distorted.
The futility of slip a ballot into a ballot box every 5 years irritates me deeply because my vote really counts for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and members who locally accountable to their electors.
In addition, I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Brand are not his (written by others).
He is smart enough to have its own words and ideas, even if they are heavily influenced by the kind of thinkers and academics from anti-establishment of the counterculture that Suzanne would gather under the label "silly stuff nickname-chomskystes.
I am rather convinced that in a debate he succeed to convince Suzanne.
Maybe that's what the Guardian could do, that Suzanne is like Polly Toynbee and Russell interview on a veranda, with even the nodding added to mounting!
As Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russel but ended up becoming one of his fans and by inviting him on his show, it's too easy to attack him without really understanding where it wants to come.
He draws from a political discourse that has existed for generations, but who was marginalized by mainstream media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This "Sling" shows especially in my eyes that the intellectual debate is more for a long time in the appointment of history where business historians have become minority and where the exchange of specialists are depleted for the benefit of ready-to-think condensed type Sciences Po for press kits.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as Michel Foucault, a need to take to a culprit, a scapegoat.
They develop one and other very rational reasoning, but this rationality is based on these scapegoats which are the keystone of their thinking.
I believe instead that for Foucault the State was indispensable as a culprit.
This is a very archaic thought, the sacrificial thought, which is also wishful thinking.
It solves the problem of the report to another eliminating.
There is an anarchisante slope, neo - lib and / or /libertaire (whichever the second mark a hardening of the desire for the eradication of the State, the first knowing to go seek the help of the State for its markets) to meaning at least State / not at all State Foucault.
The old dream of the base which is self-organizing beautifully.
His thought is built on the guilt of the State: without this conviction does not stand.
That said guilty, elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not taking a position against the three cited here intellectuals.
Or support elsewhere.
The totalitarian left remembers the good old days, that of his God then, Stalin, the little father of the peoples.
Okeeffe, you have probably read a chouya too fast if you have taken the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for an apology for Khomeini.
Today, same Pierre Manent would more to amuse to attack Michel through this...
Gauchet poses a profound reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective, on the difficulty of the adhesion mechanism in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether one agrees or not with him, it is a respectable and original thinker.
See this cabal orchestrated by researchers in the Humanities of the hard left who do not support that runs from the allegiance to their mantras, is quite laughable.
The narcisissme and the authoritarianism of these people is limitless.
An important point to add seems to be the posture of these "rebels", which is what intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellow" I witnessed in Russia is absolutely amazing.
You did not have the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was this in Russia that a Russian could meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I do remember not when I saw a Chinese for the last time.
In London and they were nice to me when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the early 1990s the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think like whites!
My family lives in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou it y long, mid-20th century, and I can still hear some of them make remarks violently anti-white.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter way with a white.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and especially during the last years: they are more and more rich, prosperity spreads outside the major cities, and thanks to this prosperity the people travel abroad and see how others live.
What I was told, the Russians have especially prejudice against temporary workers without qualifications originating in the Caucasus and Central Asia, who work in occupations and in areas where they have a lot of chance to be exploited by their employers or faced with high crime and violence.
Although me I lived on the banks of the Yenisei River in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the opinions of Australians on the Chinese and aborigines.
It's really weird that a foreigner to tell me that I do not support Chinese, while I've met in my life (including one abroad), have not kept bad memories, all people are equal and, in fact, those in London were very nice this is the only reason why I remembered that they were Chinese.
Otherwise it doesn't remember who we meet, all the people are equal, how to remember which was which.
You know what's weird?
You and the other Russian here were talking about the Chinese as a kind of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction at a zoo.
And yet you go out always with the said White.
How many Chinese men are with white, by comparison?
No, because there is much chance that the parents of these white quite them physically.
No action the impartiality of justice.
Yet, it is the mother of all battles and justice in France is handled by highly labeled groups left as the Union of magistrates...
@Marabout: forgiveness, but judicial circles are frankly brand has the right.
When the Union of magistrates, it does represent 25% of the judges.
If a measure of his bias can be made from the relativity of the application of the laws in the courts, it command to remove two barriers.
That vision political observer as the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
It remains the tool required to act to re-focus evaluation on the fundamentals.
The extent of its non-compliance in all judicial acts of magistrates, including parquet, force to distinguish between error and bias of judges.
It would be futile to pretend that deeds of righteousness is not divided between these three groups.
The contention and ignorance are not related to an objective analysis.
And if so all this is not scanned, how then affirm that justice is improving in France?
If it doesn't by statistics revealing implicitly she leaves well down.
The preceding preamble to include the following in the third ratio.
That of corruption * of the judiciary.
Sensitive subject in proportion to the power of nuisance * which is vested in the judicial institution capable of such heresy.
The field in question is that of plunder * heirs committed up to the middle of scams to the procedure * by succession genealogists authorised by notaries.
This profession gets good year year 150 million euros while benefiting from cover * provided by the judicial impunity * the french Notariat.
For understanding their mechanism, a part in has been reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where it joins said statistical improvement * moderated by the previous comment, it is that the judicial institution has produced in many disputes between genealogist and heirs reluctant to thus make spolier, a whole jurisprudences all laws favourable to the heirs.
Is the presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria then an elaborate form of falsehood?
Surely totally prohibitive prices.
Still hardware for ripping off disabled people.
We can say it, but my brother has one of these all-terrain, built tricycles tailored to its size and weight and it really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors as never a wheelchair normal, with wheels and bulky tyres, could.
As they say, the tastes and colors...
The Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
The Tankchair looks epic.
I think that the inventor of the Whill has never had to clean a Booger's dog on a caterpillar.
I'm sure that my sister would love the all terrain tricycle, but it is simply too expensive.
The wheelchair of ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for the longboard.
Here there are hills that would please them.
Prices seem to actually high, but it is really people who put that kind of price in a bike, so "you see."
All terrain tricycle seems particularly useful.
All persons with disabilities are not poor, yet.
Many of them have at their disposal the assurances of a reasonable amount.
Only if they became disabled.
The trick is that the wheelchair market is a niche, they can therefore afford to practice high prices for things they know very well that they are necessary.
You can't really say that the Whill be minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately this is just a draft, it is not intended to make.
I'm glad that 'long distance' wheelchair arrives not on the market, because apparently there is no way to drive this damn thing.
Near 20 000 houses have been destroyed by the IDF in Gaza, when intensive bombing of densely populated residential areas.
Two million beings humans are prisoners of the Israeli Gaza blockade since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power in the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people who are less than 18 years.
Children eight years have lived all their lives under Israeli blockade!
Unique situation in the world, unacceptable, illegal, since this embargo inflicts a "collective punishment" has all the civilians of Gaza.
"Contractors who work on their projects divert a little bit of their cement to the black market"...
Ah ca is not the language of wooden, rather concrete and army the Lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anti-Zionist...
Good cement goes into the tunnels!
The black market there is certain, and recognized.
Two million beings humans are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Unique situation in the world, unacceptable situation for anyone who has a heart and moral.
The USA has a well-kept field: the Saudi Arabia.
Morsi had no time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by who you know) has excluded it!
Remember, also, that after the raising, Morsi had reestablished the blockade!
And I'm a Westerner, so I agree with...
Jonathan...
The blockade is strictures...
Gaza's children live on a fortress underground, built on the back of the population who chose his masters!
Have a boat, it's a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you've well thought.
CouchSurfing is way more cool than Airbnb.
This is the definition of the sharing economy, non-profit.
Many are only seeking a coup one evening on Couchsurfing.
So it's getting paid (or at least hoped) otherwise.
It is still much cheaper than a hotel, whether to seek the good addresses.
In addition, owners and tenants who trust often stop using Airbnb and deal directly in cash, thus bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this.
"It puts in rental on"?
No problem with the word, what is the problem with your grammar?
It does not use the verb 'to' let in the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
It is an international journal now, in case you haven't noticed.
It would be better to have the good insurance for the boat, make sure it is 100% comply with all safety rules and ask those who manage rivers and channels the authorization to practice a commercial activity (which they certainly won't). I have a boat and tried to see how rent it (in all honesty) on Airbnb, in short, it's really a nightmare...
Have you thought to the fact that boats can be moved, stolen and repainted, cast, etc.?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it would still be close to there where you had left it.
Or misappropriated by hackers...
all these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our houseboats...
Where are you going to moor?
No Marine Le Pen has no reason!
Populism?
There's no truth other than that which exposes the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training.
The increase of wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Who defends that?
Who defends what?
In 2017 the mass will be said!
Capitalism will not impoverish themselves!
The high finance, speculates, plays with our businesses so our jobs, with our raw materials, so our purchases, our food so our food with care so our health, with our debts so our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and our money they hold...
All this for the benefit money just mega-obese.
Until evidence to the contrary, FH said: "my enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy, it is the finance".
It was in 2012.
In 2014, he appointed Economy Minister a former of the Bank Rothschild, history of better defend the interests of the banksters, solely responsible for the 2007 crisis.
Was there no one else helpful?
You call it how: to return his jacket, drop his trousers?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact we know too much to think that Marine Le Pen.
Where have you seen it?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors.
I'm not sure that Spee really "refused" to rescue the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle is that none of the parties appeared sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee quickly left the area because he had received a report indicating a British battleship in the area.
The sea was choppy at the beginning of the day; I do not know if it was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the fight ended after sunset, making any more difficult rescue operation.
Compare that with the following battle of the Falklands, where, on the photos showing the survivors being rescued, one sees a calm sea and in broad daylight.
In addition, the rescuers knew that it was at this point more German fighters in the area.
Hmm, it does not really match what I remember reading about this battle, so I did a quick search on Wikipedia:
"Confusion reigned among the German ships as to the fate of the two battleships, battlecruisers which had disappeared in the dark after he stopped shooting, and a Chase began.
The Leipzig saw something burning, but getting closer he saw that it was just a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than other German ships, joined the battle late and saw Monmouth, leaning and severely damaged but still moving.
After highlighting its spotlight on the flag of the vessel, the proposal to surrender was refused and he opened fire, ultimately sinking the ship.
Without reliable information, von Spee decided that Good Hope had to escape and stopped the research at 22:15.
Concerned at reports indicating a British battleship in the vicinity, he put Cape to the North.
So, if this is true, the Germans, groping in the dark before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not search for survivors.
They also felt that there was a battleship more important Royal Navy in the area which could have the damaged seriously, so in the confusion they déguerpirent to take advantage of their lead.
They were away from their base and Spee was well aware that they should fight their way through many ships of the Royal Navy.
The sacrifice of Cradock had already caused them harm and had cost about half of their ammunition, condemning them as well when they were finally caught.
Several voices to the UMP to request that it be listed under the Act a definitively sentenced elected is definitely ineligible as a result.
This is a courageous position, which would also affect left on elected representatives.
But nooo, it's a joke.
FOR THIS IDEA I PROPOSE AN INSCRIPTION ON THE WALL OF THE CONS OF MAGISTRATES
When the prohibition of trade unions in sectors already protected?
How long will tolerate t - on this distortion of equality between citizens?
Maintained by the politicos (es) whose vision of the company is limited to these areas, always quick to coax those who will benefit from security of tenure to hinder the actions real policies, trying to really make a difference, not the beautiful parleuses whose inaction is commensurate with their sufficiency.
"I met them in the subway around noon with their small signs" sub for justice "they came from province and were not the difference between Bercy and the POPB.
It supports the existence of politicized unions whose members put the enormous power they hold in the service of his party.
It would not defend the same theses if right unions, or even extreme rightist, was targeted by the personalities of its edge and were waging against them a legal-media war.
Your assertions are completely free.
If currently the right pays the legal news is simply that she committed facts which covered!
There is no example of personality of the left who had so much to do with Justice, but all those who have been the subject of his attention did not have a preferential treatment.
On the other hand should again remind you that the Union of the judiciary which is left is not the only Union of magistrates and minority.
That a Minister support with so much commitment unions shows how they can be useful.
@MCR the Union that you quote is perhaps minority among magistrates, but its influence is great at the Chancery, this isn't a secret.
One wonders now if the "mission" of certain judges is not more dirty rather that educate.
@ gus - you should be satisfied, the SM is a minority.
What do you complain?
@Pivoine: you forget that judges are not civil servants like any other: they alone have the power put in charge and incarcerate the all-in-one each.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants was never returning?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I believe that even the most hungry for glory debile realizes that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career, so I would be surprised that someone accepts their offer.
Many used it as a springboard to start a successful career.
The One Direction fill stadiums around the world.
Others have then sold lots of records or are left for West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programmes, launched Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is part of the jury.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Céline Dion, Cliff Richard, all made the Eurovision Song Contest, like so many others.
While others such as Frank Sinatra and the rest participated in competitions in the United States.
In the 1970s and 1980s, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks have launched most of the stars of British television light entertainment.
Of course, some have fallen into oblivion.
But it happens anyway to most of the stars who do not participate in the contest.
There are few who, after a tube, succeeded in making others.
Anyway, most of the singers / groups can at best hope to three albums and a best of.
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever its name, has fans to the United Kingdom.
His fame comes partly from her marriage to a footballer who is breathing through the mouth.
Most Americans know is Jeremy Clarkson.
can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career path typical of rock, even if in your dreams you think that all market on guitar who smoke grass in the garage of their father and swing three agreements on a poem level primary school will surely become stars and that the only question is how much they want to touch before even releasing an album.
And worse than ridiculous: it establishes a distance completely artificial among Western audiences and studied peoples - remote which turns pretty quickly to racism, because sacralistes ethnologists we have these people far as infinitely superstitious and full of bigotry ritual, while most of their ways of doing are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours , practical considerations on a daily basis.
Except that you interpret unwisely in the opposite direction.
Either, but rather than saying that the drum is devoid of sanctity, is it better not admit that our Marianne and our Molières have not also somewhat sacred?
Our bias is as recalled seeing the sacred as a sort of good object defined and circumscribed in the religious sphere.
Very interesting article whatever it is.
It's the ephemeral deco to furnish the vacuum.
Nothing more.
Great article, thanks.
The recent Pantheonisation of illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the feeling of sacred still lives.
Who still believes in the interpretations of the archaeologists!
Any other discipline would throw to the nettles of any scientific interpretations that last the life of a mandarin, rarely less.
When a critic compared disciplines so that we laugh a little?
Because what applies to archaeology also applies to performances that give the other disciplines.
This would bring a dose of healthy modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is totally unjustified!
It is thanks to them that we constantly discover treasures, precious testimony to reconstruct the history, understanding societies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is fascinating.
This method is not very old and previously archaeologists relied on their knowledge and their "instinct", and could be wrong.
Nowadays it has technical and scientific means so powerful that the interpretation of the excavations is better but can always be challenged by other discoveries!
There is full (and old) controversy over shamanism advanced by prehistorian Jean Clottes (see his book "The shamans of prehistory", particularly the re-release increased the scientific controversy, published by editions home of rocks).
Thanks for this very informative article
Straight men like anal sex?
For you Mike, I could put an me.
Then it's over between us?
I really do not understand why should we continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play on it.
We couldn't watch a musical on it on the other hand, ca would be too gay!
Could be expected to have this kind of comment on your part.
It seems that Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Since your trial offer is almost complete, can I suggest that you go to the Catholic Times.
I am sure that you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikedow.
May I suggest that we all seek a newspaper that pays real, courageous journalists, so they write on the Middle East, Ebola, etc at their own risk.
Rather than giggle with these childish ass jokes.
Not very smart.
Go away then.
If these «childish ass jokes» shock you so much, you are not obliged to participate, is not it?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and it is quite possible to do both and to publish an article on anal sex?
What is the subject that shock you, or the fact that people laugh in?
Nevertheless we find amateur of the crash on the net video...
amateur video of the crash on the net...?
If FOM chose not to show these images is solely to protect its interests in no case those of the pilot.
If FOM had wanted to protect the drivers it would exit the safety because at the time or another vehicle (tow truck for example) entered on the circuit.
But he had to finish quickly before the typhoon which it knew it was coming, but for which FOM did not see it fit to advance departure time (right TV, pub, money...).
But apart from that they adequately protect drivers.
Well spotted, I also share this view.
But there is also that if the very british FOM brings the SC, it will enable Nico Rosberg to have at the restart a chance to beat English leading then...
You release on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But it's okay, I have a little time to flush out all your c * ries.
No, just no.
He y' has had heaps of conspiracies in F1, but never one that puts members in danger of death for a distant history of possibility of victory of a pilot at the expense of another.
This isn't the FOM that comes out the safety because it is the FIA.
Shade size.
In the light of the amateur images, the lack of image allows especially to the FIA to avoid embarrassing questions of the type: how is it that Commissioner waving a green flag in full intervention and continues to do so after the accident (see full video after the accident)
No, this is not because the video is deemed too violent that the FIA blocks images of the accident but because we clearly see one of the Commissioners waved a green flag, a sign that the race may resume normally and that one more is under regime of yellow flag.
Some comments show a dark meconaissance of F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is no longer under regime of yellow flag after the accident site, where the green flag waved.
This is the usual procedure.
The position of liveries just downstream from the accident (as the case may be, it can be to 10metres as to 100metres after the accident) waving the green to tell pilots to resume a normal pace.
Sensationalism sells advertising.
Before I thought that the media were part of the "patriotic" Government propaganda offensive, but I am afraid that, in the end, it's just for the money.
And sex, let us not forget the sex, the fear of not having sex life, the pub and the media are good for sell us things supposed to improve our sex life.
Information do exactly the same thing.
Make the buzz with info that there is really no need to worry about it is just to continue to frighten people in order to continue to control.
'When the tabloids cough about Ebola, we catch all the fear' it should be 'derailed', not 'cough '.
Given the medical reference, "cough" is well better said in this context that "derailed".
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola could begin to spread by air realize that they now believe in evolution?
You make them too much honor.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalypse approaching.
Ebola is the Antichrist!
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch...
Super article, thank you!
A short and concise article which ridicules beautifully and solidly this abject pseudo-journalisme.
It well made me laugh.
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with this optimism in reverse.
The goal is once again to keep us sufficiently frightened and anxious (without come to hysteria) so the Government can make us skid when he needs.
I believe that it is perfectly logical that if we suffer a fiscal emergency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of any proven cases?
It seems that this Government is trying to save us from crises he invented himself.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of rule by fear?
Congratulations for this post, and to be even of this world almost 35 years after.
More at the beginning it had to be horrible, given the context of the 1980-90.
I'm bluffing, live with the certainty of spend for years...
Completely unnecessary testimony.
As always when we talk about science.
Not only the testimonials are worthless: taken in isolation, they can serve as scientific material.
But they have a negative impact on the objective assessment of the facts.
@trafic: the testimony cannot be used in scientific material.
That is perhaps why it refrains from questions to psychiatric patients when we have reliable observations from relatives.
My psychiatric record mentions that my mother psychiatrist explains that I have educated telepathically by her mother-in-law.
This is therefore an objective symptom.
When I say that it is rubbish, it is a subjective testimony irrelevant.
Ah, because the certification of a fact (here = this testimony, which attests of the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments) is useless in a scientific approach?
On what do you base research, then?
On fantasies?
You put at the same level of fanciful theories and facts (= giving rise to verifiable evidence)?
'Résilience': the bogus word adored by grandmothers, fans of J - L de Castro, who take themselves for major psychologists after having read of ansembourg.
@Jim: there are empty buzzwords full of meaning among the psychologists.
Cyrulnik made us the shot of 'resilience '.
As a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that there will have cobbled together us a reliable scale for measuring to quantify, this famous resilience.
I wonder if the Thunderbirds could all save us from Farage and company?
It only makes you think Team America?
Seriously, this is * not * a good idea to highlight the Thunderbirds...
And why so?
It was a great series and looks like those that the emerge have consciousness!
So let our salvation to the Almighty who can do miracles.
But how are they going to do to make children hang?
The only solution that comes me to mind is the kind pee-POO humor, which would kill the series.
It was already a children's series.
Children hung.
Ah, because it is a children's series?
The UKIP are working to the Mysterons.
So keep your Team America.
Always in Supermarionation?
This will not be such if it is not the son, and the animation is well done. :-)
I can't wait to see this (despite being an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea a channel to rebroadcast the old.
The series has hardly ever stopped airing here in Australia; It's at least 40 years that we have episodes of one hour on Saturday and Sunday at 06 h.
Since the arrival of free digital TV a few years ago, it is on one of the commercial channels of second order and they can still be seen at these times.
And in addition the half-hour episodes pass now at 05:30 from Monday to Friday!
Okay, I'm probably a 'sad' 60s guy, but I'm not watching this series every day!
It doesn't have y "The temple mount" in or under the mosque's esplanades!
The radical Zionists invented this to give a political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Moreover, all the Israeli excavations beneath and around the mosque's esplanades for several decades have nothing found.
The temple mount if it exists it is elsewhere.
May be in Argentina?
This mountain is not being sought for the simple reason that it is the Hill on which was built the esplanade of the mosques.
Its peak, or dome of the rock, protrudes in the middle of the mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Muhammad ascended to heaven from the rock.
For Jews, it is the Mount Moriah where Abraham nearly sacrifice his son Isaac.
Once it has been taken and contextualized, there is no propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is good to recall it regularly, and unfortunately they are relayed to the Government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, the latter had accepted the plan in 2 States, and it was scuttled in a continuous manner!).
It is also good to show how the annexation of Jerusalem is not peaceful.
God can - he recognize his own?
The shortest of the Jewish joke: "God be praised!"
To boast tourism in Israel, it often shows us young naiades half naked, languid on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what we show advertising, as we can see from the picture that illustrates the article.
Scary a bit anyway.
And this picture is a masterpiece of propaganda!
Damage that Reuters photographer did not photographed hundreds of Palestinians allowed to enter on the temple mount and who prefer caillasser Jewish worshippers below, praying at the wailing wall.
@Mat, if this picture bothers you, is right, this is neither the newspaper nor the photographer, but this woman and ideology it conveys that we must condemn.
This system is untenable and will end in tears.
The only way to put an end to this system, it is the revolution.
Since the economy appears to spin, large companies have enormously benefited from employees.
They were able to convince their employees that they are lucky to have a job and that they cannot afford to raise salaries, while at the same time and without hiding, they gave increasingly large salaries to the small elite at the top.
You are right, this is untenable, but that will change in this country that when workers will really speak with one voice.
Instead of bitching and moaning when someone of another fact the strike, support them, get a little bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not only their problems, but also shows your employer it annoys not people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case if it is tenable.
I totally agree.
The only thing that you forgot it is that British and U.S. companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst.
Like for example China and the India.
All this can not finish.
This is because we are in a democracy that it held.
Have you voted for the YNP?
The transatlantic partnership for trade and investment (PTCI) aims to increase the profits of companies owned by these people here by short-circuiting the national Governments by secret courts.
It sounds incredible, but that's exactly what serves as the mechanism for settlement of disputes between investors and States (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and attempt to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
Is that recently that we begin to talk about it in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement look so these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Churchill did not say "blood, sweat and tears '?
This is making excellent benefits, while digital money has no reason to fall and even less to grow on trees.
The next weak link will probably be the automotive market.
This gentleman is right, at the XVIII there were trade unions in all regiments
In the very French armed Catholic, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Let there (Finally, his officers, others, nobody knows nothing) feel safe of the eternal values of the France, and she will fight and close his mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, have this small relic, it is comforting.
Even if it is more uncomfortable for her...
They still lacks you the sindicat sdes married men, singles, married women, single, lost dogs and I don't know what yet
If you do not correctly enter the French, I am unionized.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defence of vested interests is already well enough protected professions with trade unions, which has created a breach of equality with other citizens.
Please do not laugh about the fear of the risk on the part of an employee.
One can very well imagine a system ensuring a certain freedom of expression without unions, or then right to strike as in Germany, in return for the protection they enjoy.
Otherwise insured disaster.
And with the carts that prepare the Government welcomed.
What security are you talking about?
Ignorance indeed...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I alluded to military and other officials, since it is the subject commented here...
Delete "through its delegates' in article 8 of the preamble to the 1946 constitution.
It will become: "8.
Every worker participates in the collective determination of working conditions as well as the management of enterprises".
This is absolutely essential with the irruption of the informative power.
And yet you have opened, likely to be read and commented on an article specifically entitled «The Great British Bake Off review» ?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought it had to start the conversation.
Anyway it's the wedding of James I looked, and I can tell you that some were well-seasoned.
In the episode of the marriage of Joffrey was one of the best moments (albeit misleading: it was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, the pie mmmh...
Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely, the show ends with a victory of the least worst Baker; No one has done kind 'boom, this is my damn cake now bouffez it and bow before your master'!
Maybe the extra pressure of friends and relatives outside finally had an effect for them?
The previous weeks, all these people outside were kept away.
And there is also this idea of 'play it safe, always the next week ago' that disappears the last week.
I love cooking but I do not imagine inflict me it.
I am grateful to those that do and we offer a super entertainment and pushes us to try new things.
Forward for GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge of the last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
Professionals usually take days to make and them were tinkering in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to decide, I do not know how they were able to choose a winner.
Luis, the only true flaw that they could find it was a little dry basis (even if I agree with Hollywood that the Green glaze on the mill of Richard did not want, somehow Richard had already lost at this time there).
I must confess that several challenges in this series seem somewhat artificial because the allotted time.
There are also cancer facing, with the solar wind blows.
Certainly, all managed us at this time.
A bad time to pass for humanity, it is hoped.
You confuse solar wind and ultraviolet rays.
UV are primarily blocked by the ozone layer which is formed just by the impact of UV and residual solar wind particles.
So even if the magnetic field is weakening, there is enough solar wind to "hunt" ozone in the stratosphere.
There are even more, and thus less UV and "cancers".
Fortunately the ozone layer does not block UV.
They have a bunch of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If we limit ourselves to the man they have interest let us have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), us heat (less), modulating our immune system and it seems to improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks carcinogenic UVC and pass most UVB and UVA.
You know that you are not obliged to be condescending and consider your interlocutor as a residence when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor precision that was implied in the commentary, which itself intends to exercise pedagogy.
Without saying that I am a frequenter of melanoma, UV do that accelerate its development.
They do not cause it.
For proof: all tanned people may not have melanoma.
Is, when a doctor tells you need to avoid the Sun and live at the bottom of a cave, is better not to listen because UV are necessary to any human.
Excess, on the other hand, it's like everything: he kills.
But for other reasons.
UV directly cause melanoma.
Can you bend it?
And, more importantly, can we pass it to the mixer?
or pass it to the mixer...
I believe that the majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if we apply enough strength and robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable for the intended use.
I think that the army would need something more resistant and has thus not yet adopted the fossil as first online communication material.
But for us,.
It's still a good choice.
the majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if a sufficient force is applied
Except a Nokia 3310.
Specifically, is it already folded?
It made this joke in every discussion.
I decided to count.
It is the fourth joke about bending I've read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Until you install specific software, imagine that the phone has been removed from the main production chain and it is unclear how it could come back.
So hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Most likely it is whether it is a unit of production on which the iOS has not been installed properly and which is therefore stuck with the test code factory installed.
I do not at all know how they do this stuff.
But, is that they would test all software?
Ebay photographs clearly show the lack of FCC or this logo and the presence of a red connector of prototype.
Ah l article for bobo by excellence.
"We want cheap products and it surprising that industrialists produce in ' industrial ' On highlights super u but all the signs and even small traders are concerned how good, guzzle bio avac €1650 (average salary in france)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small salary.
After each is free to put its priorities where he sees fit.
For my power is a part.
Go without rancor, I kiss you
So-called bobos, or better boboecolos, people who see the world through a 'software' ideological which leads to disconnect from reality.
It is thought-reason total unbundling.
They are experts in gesticulation, for example claim to save the planet because they avoided to take a shower.
There are also experts in the hypocritical, joining in this left-caviar, which they are sometimes derived, for example by condemning releases of CO2 while spending their holidays in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our citizens do not support this mixture of lourdaude ideology and of hypocritical also don't be surprised meet often reviews thereon.
Wow, thanks for this complete and comprehensive theorizing as well as for all associated details (aircraft, shower...).
I'd join but I me not found.
The concept is not so complicated.
The boboecolos are one piece.
You have understood the concept of the left caviar?
And well you are able to understand the concept of the boboecolo.
It is perfect with just a hint of ideological copy.
The classification would be more complicated if we were interested in the short environmentalists.
The boboecolo part but is only the most visible segment of environmentalists because it is the that infests the media.
This is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, nobody wants to watch this giraffe in front.
It is so poorly made that it vaguely resembles a female nude.
Shh, you are next to the plate.
Should be part of the microcosm of the art to understand the stunning truth of this work.
But you have simply no legitimacy to make a comment since you've not spent countless decades studying and flatter great artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin is not known to draw and still seems obsessed with the same subject.
The important is that it has really managed to become fabulously rich and famous with no artistic ability.
It, is from * art *.
No, it's the pig.
The fact that Emin knows not to draw
This is not really a fact.
Rather, it is an opinion.
Unless the only thing that you can appreciate what are realistic reproductions of dogs who smoke while playing billiards.
Judge art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Draw, is much more than simply represent the real.
If you are only looking for this, a camera will do the trick.
The author speaks also of the expressionism of Emin.
Look again and let the image speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of drawing that you may prefer.
If it is so easy, why do you not yourself?
There is still enough to make savings: the horseback riding, the number of horses of the Republican Guard or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service...
L(honnêteté oblige à dire que la France diminue ses effectifs, mais comme l'ont fait tous les pays, parfois de façon plus drastique encore, à commencer par la Grande-Bretagne.)
This is halfway encouraging...
The operational without the support, it quickly finds its limits!
A unique approach, at a time where we see weaknesses, inadequacies of our defence tool, in particular in the Sahel.
A bad move for the local communities concerned, who lose a dimension of their activities, and even a part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
@edmond: this is what I was saying, look elsewhere where economies but not home, my home is really not possible...
This is exactly what you propose to do, look elsewhere where mismanagement is certain.
As all those who knew little or less the military thing dare come here, say the eyes in the eye that there is not money wasted in this area and this without bursting out laughing...
Applying the same potion to the whole of the public service and public finances will go a little better.
And Josi: really reloud: look at the inflation of public sector jobs in other departments and you will understand why defence can feel a little responsible!
Yeah, the economies on which everybody agrees that they must be, must be that it shows somewhere, no?
Lack of pot, those on whom it falls groan in the murder when it happens at home, the poor darlings.
Should do but especially ca not fall me on it, because in this case there, it is a crime and not an economy.
Horns, will!
In what close the Valley of Grace will weaken our defence in the Sahel tool?
As for local communities, l ' history repeats itself at each closing of post maternity hospital, barracks.
But everyone is for the economies of course.
It's weird, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and only welcomes savings in public expenditure.
This article is really the thing more astounding I've ever read!
This embarrassing moment where the first three people who comment are the same bad joke.
This is depression scrolling his Facebook thread and see that 80% of his friends began their statutes with the sentence "this time embarrassing.
I think they'll make a movie.
It will surely be based on hilarious scenes where someone stumbles across his ex on the bus going to work and travels account only there that her skirt was tucked into her panties.
It's not embarrassing, it is completely con.
Not really, in my opinion the author adopted the role of the typical British man to whom it was always taught to bury his emotions and grit your teeth.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return to the stage after an absence of 25 years has been something strong.
You make you account that your comment is now in the midst of a battle to see who will have the rights?
I do not have "internet".
I do not think, therefore, to comment on.
Not having any computer.
My God, it is necessary that I see this movie before you die!
I can't believe how much this article is the trick the most incredible I've ever read!
Charlie really comes to demonstrate that it is at the top of the top of the cosmic universe that is satirical journalism!
I fell over backwards!
It is imperative that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they finally have the illumination and discover the amazing overpower and unsurpassed engineering that springs from the keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine glow.
Good God, it was lousy.
Especially if they are women or shemale.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive development within democracies: the rise of regional policies and of effective associative initiatives.
Until further notice we are confiscating the right to save our planet by States who play the hypocrites at each meeting to save the planet.
We decide so citizens, to take things in hand.
With the Commissioner that they planted energy, all these beautiful recommendations have soared...
Translate: Wind and closed solar are the points of the future round.
All funded by the con-tribuable.
Please stop this pro-nuclear speech.
Pollution is not limited to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful to the level of its waste and by accident.
As long as that sector is not controlled in its entirety, it is better limitation for laboratories.
Renewables are our only salvation in good condition heard reduced drastically our consumption.
Electricity by renewable for fight against CO2 emissions?
The France is in no way affected.
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emission to the production and epsilon for the other steps.
Electricity by renewable wind or PV it is already more of GHGS on the other stages and especially the gas, or coal as in Germany, worse to offset the intermittency.
Replace nuclear power by the renewable wind or PV would be contrary to the fight against CO2.
Christial I don't insult you me I'm Docteur d'etat in physics 1981 more I did research in nuclear physics I challenge you to prove otherwise lez from what I have said.
For what I did not say it is you who lend me ideas I have said nothing about the Germany nothing nothing actually you have not responded to what I was saying and as all right people demolish the interlocutor I never do.
I quote also the conclusion of experts mandated by the German Government: the current program of the Germany of renewable energy is a profitable and inefficient means to reduce GHG emissions and should be stopped.
0 program if you do not intend the uranium mining and construction and if you do not intend to water vapor gas of greenhouse effect than Co2 it is true reminder two-thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear proportion water vapor and a bit in the water of the rivers.
I stopped reading when you spoke of Pakistan as a "giant of South Asia"...!
The last time Pakistan won against Hindustan.
I'm not surprised, most of the Indians who post comments want read and make comments on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it clearly shows your mindset.
C' would have been like if they had called the South Asian giant India...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players are involved, but have a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would simply open a full of corruption and mafiosi Pandora's box.
As the ISL, the opener of today was surprisingly interesting, the Kolkata Athletico winning 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has many many way to go.
Compared to the billion and billion that the India dedicated to cricket's IPL and now football, how could we one day compete with our 'noisy neighbours '...
The race to the low-cost Launcher pays cash.
Damage to a beautiful project.
For the incident, the potential design flaw manifests itself with a too cold helium.
It is therefore perhaps not in a default design, but implementation...
Unlike arianespace which is a private company, it seems that Soyuz is part of the Russian State...
And if the rule is the same that here the State is its own insurer.
They will maybe pay satellites in frigates who knows...
This is all the more unfortunate that many media resume loop only titles of articles - and that many readers do that hold these securities.
Altogether this creates an erroneous impression contrary to the content of the article itself.
Quite agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it puts unfairly cause the project while it is only a problem of launcher.
