The left of UKIP who refuse to those living with HIV are a perfect example.
You are talking about when Nigel Farage said that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the UK to make the health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he replied "yes" when the interviewer asked specifically if people living with HIV are included in the undesirables.
First of all you are using specious arguments, then you discredit them by a barely veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family have need of the NHS, we have to queue behind intolerant of chronic hypochondria who think that everything is due to them.
I think it is you who are using specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the right-wing nuts, practically does not exist.
I think this is what is called democracy.
Then no one would be affected by the measures of UKIP against health tourism, so there is no problem.
There are only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell may appear as a revolutionary.
A quote from a rag is not a proof.
Yes, pull on the messenger.
The Mail did not write the report, he has only comment on it.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for spreading such a populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I don't think that you know what is a specious argument.
You know nothing of my personal circumstances or who I am, then you should be careful when you are trying to kill the debate by accusations of homophobia.
The sentence of Farage was very surprised, but only because it is so rarely speaks of this problem.
He has made absolutely no homophobic remark.
You'll have to rely on you.
I am not quite sure where you are going with this, but I imagine that you don't like when the media talk about what you don't like.
We talk about it so rarely, because unlike Farage and his lunatic followers of Thatcher who think that AIDS and floods are a sign of god and not a reflection of their own inability to understand the complexities of humanity is something good, then no.
Finally, the situation is as bad in Ireland than in Spain.
With the new crisis which is the period of austerity will have done nothing.
Hope for almost 5% growth in 2015, it is a big joke.
The "Tiger Ireland OF EUROPE" we bragged about it, a few years ago.
It was known as a result!
This recommmence has read the article.
We are trying to make people believe that Ireland is a virtuous countries, and that a "NEW ECONOMIC MIRACLE" is happening.
With the agreement of Brussels, taxes on corporations are the lowest in Europe, a very flexible labour market, an emigration which continues.
With these ingredients not what "complacency" at the moment, with the arrival of the Poles.
In the 1980s the 20th century, the Irlance was one of the poorest countries of the union needless, with portugal In basing a constant perimeter, without the country nouveauy, the situation is still better than it was.
Greece was in front.
That their development is not a long calm river, it is in the light of the recent event.
Tax rate is the lowest in Europe?
It is wrong!
Latvia has a tax rate of 0% on businesses.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France on the part of policies on taxes actually paid by the multinationals.
If we are to believe a report released in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only the SMEs pay full pot.
Now I can confirm that the road traffic has become huge, and there are new cars (and good) has all the corners of the streets, exactly as before the crisis of 2008.
I live in Dublin for the past 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily caps since the re-entry.
It is supposed to be the economic news?
Don't worry, I'm sure the comments will soon burst into flames.
In another article they are in the process of writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are involved in a fender bender on the A140.
What is Ryanair now has to transfer the passengers on a flight to another in this way?
I think that Mr O'Leary will soon be able to buy a whole new fleet of aircraft, so a few dents and scratches on the old will be quickly forgotten.
Having said that I fly with him next week, then I hope it will not be on any of these two rafistolés once again.
Then it would be entirely the fault of the other pilot.
Est-ce que Ryanair has to pay an extra charge for passengers for the additional fear that it was willing to provide them?
But without this kind of Irish business, you can't afford to go on holiday, young man
I have never taken Ryanair and the last 3 times I have flown it was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers a high quality service.
No, but it's Ryanair, so they can enjoy great.
Any article on Ryanair triggered dozens of comments from people who would never Ryanair in the place of those who love to take Ryanair and think that those who pay anything other than the basic rate only have to blame themselves, etc.
It is pretty transparent.
Ryanair is not going to be happy with the additional costs due to this incident.
I wonder what will be the delay, and we will have to compensate passengers and, if that is the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was an error of air traffic controllers at the airport.
The passengers were put on another plane in less than an hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation.
Welcome aboard this British Airways flight that takes the English ISIS in Syria, not true, as you say.
A good travel
Last Sunday in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: Le Marais is largely pedestrian, and literally a lot of people.
People do not come en masse to the quality of the restaurants (of any kind, for the most part) or for the magazine's exhibition at the Espace des Blancs-Manteaux (hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd, is that the stores are all open and that the area is incredibly vibrant and lively.
With a lot of foreigners who spend.....
Do you think that the opening of Sunday is created jobs?
Go to Paris on the Rue des Francs Bourgeois where the shops are open on Sunday, packed with world with 50% of tourists.
@ aloe False!
The only argument that would be acceptable to me is one of the areas with a large number of foreign tourists and it is tempered by the fact that they buy in tax refund.
The tourist areas are losing every year a considerable amount of turnover for the same reasons.
The rest of the industry where expensive equipment, operated on Sunday, can be used to reduce prices.
Sunday rest is a right enjoyed, with some exceptions, the employees.
That is why it is planned and regulated by the Labour Code.
Neither the minister in charge of the economy, nor, for that matter, the one responsible for foreign affairs, do not have any power to reform the labour code.
When they the seat.
The law that is used to what?
Has to satisfy a portion of the population and businesses who want to work on Sunday.
In Montreal on Sunday apm I take my grandchildren at the local library.
In my City of 30000 people where I live in France, the municipal library is open 4 days a week but don't we!
That is access to culture...
And it is also the regulation of working time.
The way of life that he defended tenaciously against fascism
The way of life that he defended tenaciously against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the succession of his daughter was, against its will, use it to pay the costs of inheritance?
There are paintings.
Some are good, others not terrible.
No doubt that his successor would like its share of the cake, if you will pardon the expression.
His preference for a victory of the nationalists / Franco in the Spanish Civil War...
And his hostility to independence of places like Ireland and India and its fascist ideas as a whole and also add to its well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me either.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, he has been perfect.
In 1940 he has stood up to the other toffs in government who wanted to discuss an "agreement" with the Nazis, and he very cleverly won.
Thanks to his amazing rhetoric and his energy, he has united the country in the idea that fighting the fascists was the only way to win.
The people of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium and, in the end, the world can thank god to have had over the past five years, just five years, Churchill at the helm and nothing else.
The greatness of Churchill had nothing to do with this discussion.
His descendants sell the paintings on the open market to raise money from the estate costs, they might even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to see one in a museum, they bring together the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use the money from taxes.
No one can deny that, when it was "the moment of truth," the personality of Churchill was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War.
A revival of the internal market by public works will favour the large corporations, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, the building of infrastructure is by definition not renewable.
As for social reforms advocated by the Minister, they reflect the true evil francai: S distrust of the dialogue
Back to Ipswich values.
A reform of the unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
That the weakest of us will not be in need!
Either jointly we come to its aid, either, he is RIGHT in exchange for services rendered or handed down to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer meaning corresponds to that vision.
There is also the landlord who lives of income from its properties.
There is a need to distinguish between someone who invests for a return to the time of his retirement and the one who saw their annuities.
A property to rent or two for a couple above, it is vice
The little genius of Finance is singularly lacking in imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major works, but at a time of major infrastructure deficiency.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
The developed countries are over.
The need for infrastructure is marginal, therefore, in no way a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the question of the decline is emerging in response to a recession that is only a brutal, savage decline
You would have been right 30 years ago: Most need (or potential) of dams, coal mines, motorways...
But if we want to make it less harsh future climate-energy shock, then, the need for investment is shouting: Insulation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, transport and storage of energy etc...
A tax system that favours the high incomes and pensioners.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a galopin.
The Samsung's profits are being undermined by the iPhone 6 and its competitors in the same range
The introduction in mid-September by Apple ™ of larger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus has perhaps attracted buyers who otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I tested all of these phones and I decided for the LG G3.
So Samsung has lost me as a customer, but not at the expense of Apple.
I think it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft introduced this philosophy, we have had a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple and the open-source community.
We need to have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
In addition, we all have different needs and they can only be met by one manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I love their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design.
Some people attach no value to the design, for them the options, functionality and price.
There is nothing wrong with that.
We must stop looking for "a better platform."
Est-ce qu'il y a "better car manufacturer," not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a thriving industry of mobile phones, with radically different approaches to people and different markets.
It is more healthy and should be encouraged.
That is in all our interests. "
I am pleased that you have found exactly what you were looking for, and that this is not an Apple product, even if I have made a different choice.
Most of the people I know have iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontistes which, according to one of them oppose the ideas and not men (on the contrary, many on the Parisian yuppie) could they tell us what the author (s) (e) s they are fighting the ideas on gender and tell us the books they intend to actually fight.
Or they just attack the kind, as described in Le Figaro, Minute or Valeurs Actuelles?
Their sources is Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, John, I love you very much, and you are someone intelligent and cultivated.
I said this on Judith in the vein of Furusato reminiscent of Holopherne, which do not come to me (I don't have his wit).
Otherwise, in the "bottom," as you refer to, I'm not interested in this topic, and frankly I don't see where the problem is: I was hoping that you and your friends could get me out of my backwardness, because I am slow but I understand...
@ Jean: Acknowledge that, culturally, referring to Judith Holopherne, it does.
Who's Afraid wondered the World?
But what we are afraid of those who are afraid?
@ Furasato and give us an answer.
The first by invoking the Judith from the Bible, the second in as Judith Butler trencher very symbolic of a sore throat.
We can see how many of these studies are the most intimate at home.
We are no longer course in the debate of ideas.
It is something else, much more profound.
@ Have you read, Jean, que le Monde published an article about the necessity of theology?
@: When it comes to a discussion of idea I thought that it was appropriate to go to sources.
Pretending to fight ideas from the only exposed by their detractors (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Gender Theory or X Lacroix, a theologian) does not seem to be very strict.
But hey, as I was explaining to our friend umpfrontiste is all the difference between having an informed opinion and a mere opinion.
I am not on, moreover, it is understood the nuance.
I have not read Judith, the highly symbolic trencher throat, I contented myself of the "Second Sex" (it was more of my time), which I think is the source of the "source" according to the wishes of Lo.
While I was watching the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds are open.
This sudden emergence of the red moon had his charm and offset a bit disappointed to have to sometimes blocked by clouds.
It was fabulous here in FNQ.
Yes, the cloud last night really bound off the coast of Victoria and NSW, while most of the rest of Australia had a clear weather.
Special Flash blood moon.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey make the Labor leader.
But if the Labour Party accepts our unfair budget, we will be doing him his true colours as soon as possible.
Obsessed with you, isn't it?
I was in Melbourne, then, of course, I have not seen that the clouds.
Melbourne has also managed to cover throughout the week of the Perseid meteor shower and for virtually all the important astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I'm beginning to think that there is an evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent people from Melbourne to see anything in the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, although things are improving greatly on the other side of the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I couldn't see the eclipse because of the clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne.
I am going to put a TAX on this eclipse.
Anyone who watches this eclipse is expected to pay a TAX.
I bet your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just like the last one before you go to bed.
Who or what you obsédera when it will (inevitably) by disappear?
It seems that you spend a lot of time to read the discussions looking for messages in which people criticize on the Abbott government and then accuse THEM of being obsessed with it.
Superb photo of the moon above the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
It looks like Mars is going to collide with the Earth!
There is nothing on the stock market and property speculation.
There is nothing about the inequalities between labour and capital.
There is nothing about tax evasion.
The ultra-liberalism is in the process of killing off Europe.
Nothing on the gardens of Babylon...
The article said too much or too little.
The details and the arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No link to the original documents in order to be able to form an opinion.
See today, Tuesday, October 15, the results of revenue miracles: In Spain, exports are at their lowest for five years.
In Greece, the stock market collapses.
Yet it seems there are the examples to follow.
The reform of notaries would give rise to a claim for compensation in the order of 8 billion euros.
The Ministry of Economy tells us that these claims are unfounded.
What about in the event of an error of the Ministry of Economy?
The policy makers who have reaped the benefits resulting from the courageous attack of notaries will they have the same courage at the presentation of the invoice to the budget of the state?
Result in his time.
OK, thank you, JYL....
@ lol Not the state is not comparable to households with regard to the management of its budget because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite, while that of the household is bounded by the life of its members.
In addition, unless you consider that public spending are unproductive, they contribute to financing of tangible and intangible investments guarantees of future growth and therefore future revenues.
A few elements of response.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the Hippocratic oath sacred: The health of the global pharmaceutical companies' profits must be protected above all else.
Nice conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not correspond to your fantasy.
The medical staff would like to be able to use it, but their hands are tied by the law as written by politicians.
It's the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions instead of having risky surgery, secure shooter for addicts, rather than having them in the streets, etc.
On these issues the politicians want to make love to the uneducated masses.
In fact, doctors do not earn money with the drugs.
That's why there are pharmacists.
Doctors do not earn money with the drugs Given that the Liberals want our health care system is similar to that of the US, you should inform yourself about how it works.
Around the world doctors are courted in the same way, but that is more or less visible.
Perhaps it was badly worded to put the blame on the medics, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, give priority to the corporate profits and the "research."
So read the few reports on our spending on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and the negotiations with pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries.
Compare the world price of drugs everywhere, as well as the differences from one country to another on what is sold over the counter or prescription only.
This is increasing, it is an economic and political process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact, some companies are at this very moment of the tests on the puffs of marijuana against cancer pain, in spite of the laws that are expensive and the necessary permits.
Although the manufacturers of certain drugs may not be happy that we use alternatives such as marijuana, those who manage to a version offering good quality products at doses known will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you, but you are wrong, it happens a lot of things behind the scenes for doctors and pharmacy.
With regard to the hospital, they were happy to use it until someone put the chip in the ear of a responsible for this hospital.
You can't DETAIN patents on the grass...
If the "researchers" in the social sciences were doing research instead of doing politics and networking, it might be able to use their "work."
A researcher survey, it does not compare one to another.
Compare it is not looking.
Compare it to the teaching, not research.
You can't say "research is successful it needs to be applied," and then in the same "we must try to throw everything goes."
If your research is thought why experiment?
If your research is not mature why you ask that they are applied?
Can you explain to me how a "researcher" may infer that a student who cannot assimilate the mathematics alone could assimilate more readily mathematics and other subjects?
New technologies allow to learn on the condition that students learn to use new technologies, but how would they have to learn new technology if they don't learn?
The pisa tests are only one indicator are doing an indicator that enables us to find indicators that we are satisfactory.
What's the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you, a desire for self promotion, a deception?
A single runway to train teachers: Away from the training the sophists and the ideologues and that practitioners teach practitioners.
Fabrice re-read the paragraph on internships (which unfortunately is not very well-argued) and you will see that your conclusion is pushing us to the most inefficient conservatism: "It is a device which led to the reproduction of the practices in force, and that does not allow for advancing the system."
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system you can't wish that only teach practitioners practitioners, even if they have any place in a modern training of teachers
The theorists of education must have no place.
The practitioners, must have one.
Would you like to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and who has never set foot in an operating theatre before?
There is no consensus about the causes of the problems of the education system.
To give more weight to the theorists of education, it would be the final destruction.
Your analogy is totally crappy: If I would not like to be operated on by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training, I would like to let alone make me operated on by a surgeon who had no formal training and who has learned on the job.
Mike Weatherley, the Conservative MP for the fight against copyright infringement by David Cameron
Why doesn't he says simply to Cameron to stop?
Someone should make a popular arrest.
Lol exmaiers thank you.
If one day I'm starting to feel guilty of infringing copyright, I need only read an article like this.
In an information economy, the copyright infringement =.
It is the same thing as they need to cite their sources properly.
Often, to obtain a licence does not cost anything.
No, it is a breach of copyright.
Not at all the same thing.
By using the content without the proper license, you are cheating the artists for their livelihood.
You can always discuss pédantes assumptions - but it is theft.
And you can repeat it as much as you want, it does not become true.
It is a violation of copyright law.
Come on, repeat it again.
If one day I'm starting to feel guilty of violating copyright
Obviously it doesn't bother you to deprive the artists of their income.
If they think they should receive money for images used in the duties of school, an almost perfect definition of what should be a reasonable use, then I'm happy to deprive them of this phantom income.
The lesson No. 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish on their favorite social networks, they abandon any intellectual property at the site under the terms and conditions they have passed a click.
Maybe if they share the headphones from their your mp3 player with a friend in the school bus, they should be deported for violating the law in such a way.
Ah if we could export this resource that we regorgeons, porn, which says that everything is going wrong....
If it is a PS MP who believes, then we have to believe him.
I have 2 children and when they are old enough to choose, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed between now and then.
France draws people to the bottom in the continually assistant.
I don't want my children to support the debt that this policy will be created.
What is France to the bottom, it is the rhetoric like yours.
@ gus I work in private enterprise always has been.
I had the CHANCE to have worked in companies led by great entrepreneurs: It exists in France, but it is rare.
I am an employee because I know that I don't have the skills to run a business, and it allows me to take on the bosses zero that I frequently encounter.
A comfortable in my shoes, I fully agree with the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan: He said the horrible truth!
@ gus, if you compare with German companies that the French business leaders constantly cite to ask for reforms in France, Germany, the companies have been able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular through the link between big business and the medium and small - What French bosses are waiting to do the same??
That the State to hold their hand?
State whom they accuse of incompetence?
@ Jacques L.
Always this verse anti business leaders from you!
Remind me, what did you set up as a job, as added value, to be as severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In fact, France is faced with an intractable problem: The incompetence of the French business leaders incapable of creating jobs and sulk and minaudent pending the permanent handouts from the state!
It is terrible!
But they have solutions: Abolition of the Labour Code, labour costs, taxes, work 45 hours a week paid 35, and some, walking on eggshells, dare to call for lower wages, if not their removal!
I look forward to see all the "negative" comments on this subject.
Which is ironic, given the way people always complain of First Group.
From what I can see from where I am, Last was not really an investment for us taxpayers.
They have tried to stay afloat, rather than transform.
It doesn't mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since that Last.
But they were also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately we do not have the power to do that, unfortunately.
I have tried to have them recently, but I have not succeeded.
But hey, the Labour Party is going to get us out of boredom, isn't it...
It is a subsidiary.
They are already operating trains in Germany.
Nothing prevents people in the UK to create a more ethical company and to take part in tenders.
But it seems that we are not very good in management, most of our privatized services end up being run by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the contract to Virgin, so that the decision is finally cancelled.
And there's more: Hong Kong, a Hong Kong company has won the contract for exploitation of Crossrail for 8 years.
Well, the Labour Party, as they have repeatedly told us during the referendum campaign, is totally for the pooling and sharing and believes that workers should all help each other across the borders.
We can therefore assume that they will be pleased with this decision;)
Perhaps it is because the management of the Dutch is on track, while that of the British people is not.
What ScotRail needs, it is not simply a change of ownership but especially with new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad option, but the real problem is the ridiculous franchising system, not the franchisor.
Pouring "it was a girl."
Lord, I hate, but really I hate this kind of expression.
Assuming that the fact of being "flying" is a superior quality to many others, the concern of others, intelligence, listening, for example, the fact of being a "wing" has nothing to do with that of surviving an illness: Cancer patients "wings," which are no less dead, I know of palanquées.
Out of a disease has nothing to do with merit.
Go we are going to do it again too..
I can tell you that it is THE gérir condition, I say to you that this HELPS..
Nothing to do with any merit...!
As for the examples of your life, there is only you to judge them.
I again.
To suggest, if only for a moment, that you may have merit to get out of a disease or that can be démériter not to get out of it, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that cowardly, everywhere, in spite of the will, despite the trust in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry to think otherwise, if, having a strong moral probably makes it easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it, to try to experimental treatments, as did this woman and not reject them out of fear..
Someone who is flying in medicine, it is, above all, someone who has confidence in medicine.
But if you prefer to rely on the "lord" it is something else.
Neither with the deserved nor with courage.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch a dirt, a real one, you're away to the point of becoming a zombie.
Personally, I've got two, dirt, big, and if I have "beaten" as say these psychologists, it has completely escaped me.
Unless this fight is only to bite the bullet, to suffer the hell and roll with the punches.
I thought that the accusation against Milosevic had been agreed and finalised there was a decade ago.
I haven't seen that name in the newspapers at least since that time.
What is going on?
It is a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial was conducted "quickly" and then swept under the carpet.
Is this the story that was told at the time?
The communist-turned-nationalist who started three wars in the Balkans during the last decade?
The communist president of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, so ask what has been deliberately left out: 1.
How does the NATO bombing could be legal under THE LESSER rule of international law?
What country Serbia did she attacked?
About RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why do you not mention that NATO has destroyed this very building by killing civilians, and then he was seen as a valid target.
Milosevic had no way out: If he did not defend his country from attack by NATO, he would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he was, he would be swallowed by the Western compressor bedroom bungalows.
Westerners have used a smokescreen to detach a part of a sovereign state which has subsequently unilaterally declared its independence and was quickly recognized by the Western states who then lied from start to finish on the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, is politically dead after his first term for not having been able to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the politics of the time.
In the end, the Guardian should not qualify Milosevic tyrant (even if we didn't like it).
To my knowledge there are only in Greece as a method for predicting earthquakes walking around, by measuring the piezoelectric level in quartz.
This kind of study is undoubtedly useful, and thank you for us to share the results.
Therefore, a hope, but need to be careful water This has nothing to do with that of the planet called HAT-P-11b, located about 124 light years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, which would be "the world's smallest and coolest to submit detectable water molecules," according to a study conducted by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine of the University of Maryland.
Method to follow.
Just like those involving animals feeling a threat to arrive.
Thank you science boat we enjoy, often, of these experimental prowess that are carried out in the world.
How can animals (A) ahead of time?
No doubt by the perception of other elements which evolves in the event of an earthquake.
The radon, for example.
A priori odourless gas for the man but perhaps detectable by animals.
All of these methods are undetectable to man, but not for the measuring instruments available to it.
But we don't have a reliable result on these tracks...
It has been observed many times (and for centuries) that some animals act in a strange way a few hours with an earthquake, including chickens, cows, dogs, but above all, fish and snakes.
I had seen a story about arte telling the battle of two scientific teams, one in California, one Japanese, to recognise the validity of their work, which focused on the sensitivity of animals to the terrestrial magnetic fields, and especially to their amendment has before.
Then, of course I am not a scientist but their assumptions had me convinced!
Or are we on this research?
Why so much contempt for this track?
We should learn to listen to nature...
If you look at the things calmly and carefully, it is published in a serious journal, and nobody despises.
As soon as you talk about "signs" given by the animals, it faces the same way: Everyone should remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake goldfish bizarrely revolved round in circles.
I don't understand that we can think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much as Mayor of London.
If you listen to the LBC programme, one cannot help but think that this man knows nothing, and he always try to distract with a joke.
He never answer directly to anything.
He also said that he agreed with Farage, then Nick Ferrari the presenter asked him about what.
He has not been able to name a single point.
He made so many promises to get elected as mayor, and he has not held a single.
It only serves to highlight the extent to which the rest of the Conservative Party is nothing but a ragbag of shit, isn't it?
Because he is popular.
Because it is funny.
He has been in "Have I Got News For You."
Because it is a celebrity, and that people have been indoctrinated with the worship of celebrities.
Londoners voted for him, and he will be the same for the rest of the country.
When (not if) they take the leadership of the party, the popularity of the Tories is going to break the ceiling I am sure.
May God help us.
I am not so sure: People like the jokes, but do not want their prime minister in a
That is exactly what we said of Londoners.
He should have brought with him his friend concrete blocks, smarter than him
In many ways, I think he is trying to copy R Branson
The Americans have had a as President.
The French have always really and disinterested in the history of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read a few books (there are, including an excellent and French of B.
Millot), "Solomon" and "scrap Strait" talk, but, unfortunately, that the dead who have stayed there.
It is understandable that the Australians, who are familiar with (one of their heavy cruiser, the Australia, must always be the bottom since the Battle of Savo) have no desire to go back.
We are actually spent watching the Savo Island, in the "Iron Bottom Sound."
Even if the mission is at its end.
It is the small ones.
But the side, is a total smoking.
Calculate the kerozene consumes to achieve the goal totally undermines the concept..
You just have to go through the list of sponsors That philanthropists.
An operation to com more and no facts or has to do.
The cow, it gives too much envy!!!
I look forward to the webseries!
Your iackinnon makes me dream, identifying me a little by the way (I have also learned to sail with the Crocos of The Elorn au Moulin Blanc en rade de Brest!).
Also hats for the ecological message, even if some critics of the impact of the trip.
The end justifies the means.
Please continue to make us dream, and to show off with pride that the Bretons are great travellers!
Pierre, Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening I think the red hat who demonstrated against the taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany Region and the City of Brest.
On a more serious note, it seems to me that the local authorities and government agencies of all kinds should not spend a penny of our taxes to fund the dreams of a few adventurers, even a few sympathetic too!
Are there any players in the current Serbian training that is Kosovan origin?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and Fenerbahce now, are of Mitrovica, but I don't know if they are still in the team
It is Bisevac the defender of Lyon, Bajevic not.
Bajevic was midfield or before in the 1970s and 1980s and has led to many teams in Greece, but I don't know where he is.
Bajevic is of Mostar, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and has played as a striker in the great team of Velez, who, under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman Rebac, has twice finished in second place in the league of Yugoslavia (and also counted as Vahid Halilhodzic sizes and the faithful teammate of Arsène Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you, Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
It was said that he was going to become a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen he was linked to Blackburn * shudder *
There, I can't help you.
I know that he has lost his place when Conte has arrived, and then he went to Fener and as far as I know there is no incumbent.
Perhaps he can still do something, perhaps in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, don't be afraid.
You should love Albania because you are neighbours.
The trick is that the flag of the drone is not the flag of the true Albania today.
Apparently it was the flag of Greater Albania, which includes all the regions where there is a significant presence in Albania.
A bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there has not been too much damage (that I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map, not what is known as the Great Albania, but Albania pre-1913, when the great European powers decided to give some bits of the country to neighbouring countries.
How can you have felt "an explosion of joy in seeing two towers collapsing because of women, men and no-doubt of the children are inside?
How????
What bothers me a little in this "evidence" is that the mere fact of having been able to, even if only once, rejoice spontaneously from the horrific death of thousands of people, in my opinion, reflects a "border line personality" which all the "evidence" should be taken with the utmost caution.
No doubt that in the short time of "joy," there will be no thought for the dead, nor to the reality of the horror inflicted.
We have just thought, for a moment, that, for once, Muslims had managed to do really apocalyptiquement and the big bad evil Satan in his heart.
Make a powerful like).
A grandiose.
It would appear that this sentiment has been shared by thousands of Muslims eaten by their sense of humiliation.
With testimony filmed in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
It was a little bit.
The West "Christian / white / Gallic" cannot measure the level of frustration, anger, hatred of the musuman when he contemplates\ poverty, social and cultural development of the Arab and Muslim world of today.
I am referring to the outskirts of Cairo or Algiers, not towers of Dubai.
The former glory, certainly magnified is not a consolation, quite the opposite.
How can we get out the Muslim world of this diabolical funnel?
Totally in tune, 2 major poisons the Arab world: Bigot conservatism of the powers in place and the fascist nihilism.
The common thread, the freezing of the fresh thinking and the excommunication (or military) of its critical expression.
It has been understood before, must not be allowed to roll back the Muslims.
It is the only way.
Edwy Plenel does he read this article?
I suppose that is true in many countries.
But in Britain, the fall marks the beginning of six long months dark, damp and depressing that affect the well-being and the mood of a lot of people.
In addition, everyone gets sick.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer from it myself.
When the light is going away, it becomes the hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little to the mood and well-being.
Autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign, in particular, is breathtaking in the autumn.
Not so much breathtaking to see that the green of the summer when everything is alive, instead of being on the verge of dying.
In Britain, if you are lucky, the summer falls on a weekend.
We had a great summer this year, don't make your grumpy, which totally clichés!
Not everyone.
I rarely falls ill in winter.
But now I am retired and I fail to develop immunity to most germs from the outside, it can change, I guess.
This is not to be on the verge of dying, it's just one step in a cycle...
A wonderful stage full of intoxicating smells, with a buzz which culminates with the festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risk of snow, and plenty of other wonderful words.
If you don't stop doing things!
Here are my recommendations for the holidays for you.
Yes, these dark and grey month actually makes me much happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation increases for children, it is the amount cashed by the state, which is mostly deciles 8-10.
But with regard to the number of households who have seen their taxes increase as a result of this action, it is mostly the deciles 4 and 5 are concerned (median incomes), according to the graph 2.
The removal of the half share for mainly widows is not at all covered in the article, or rather its impact is dumped styles: 230m euros is a joke which does not take into account the impact in 2012 and 2013, and implies that it is painless.
And it is not ready to go away.
Well, it is not on the straw, certainly, but with more questions than answers
For once that the PS is a left-wing policy, but we will not cry...
It is obvious that those who are part of the richest 20% have to pay much more than 75% of the increase in taxes, why not 90%?
Thus continue and you will encourage those 20% less to work or to leave.
Okay, I know, it is not politically correct, but I say it anyway.
Long live the Proud and the OIC recycled to the PS: They have completely misunderstood.
Adam, you see what you look at.
The proportion is always the same, either here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population owns 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax, is when it prohibits anyone from amassing as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit the money loses its usefulness.
And once you're past the value of the money, the money is no longer there to make money, that is) to say to the misery of the greatest number.
It is one of the richest 20%.
Also, no doubt, of which 20% of households are most (and create wealth, some of which is logically redistributed).
A fair tax should allow these homes to take advantage of a portion of their efforts.
Or so you might as well give up and live on minimum social benefits, especially if we have a social housing.
The ideals of the head-cutters to the Khmer Rouge have happily lived.
I made two AirBnB in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of the two, we have had some things that we would not have had in a 5 star hotel and we did not have to present to us at the reception desk or face the slightest inconvenience.
You simply have to go to someone, to sleep, to put away behind you and start again.
From now on it will be my first option when I'm traveling.
The logo has changed, people...
Please check your insurance before renting your home.
In most cases you need a kind of insurance of owner.
Be sure to use a service with the right logo!
Ah, 6 hours too late.
I love Airbnb.
"It is very dangerous and highly risky" No, this is not true.
You just really run out of luck.
According to the link provided in the article:
To its credit, the response of Airbnb to Teman was swift, almost absurdly fast.
Within 24 hours, according to an e-mail provided by Gawker Teman, Airbnb had sent a locksmith to change the locks, arranged for him to spend a week at the hotel and transferred $23 817 (for which Airbnb is assured, but still).
So why this article does it quote Teman complaining that he did not receive any support from Airbnb?
I LOVE AIRBNB, to receive as to travel
Hello I am looking for people who have already used air B just to reassure me.
I am planning to pay a deposit and a month's rent in one go, but I am a little afraid to send £1,600 at a site which I've never really heard of.
But where will it?
"Support the troops," sang the Bu $herie on all shades...
Harmless weapons.
I am sure that it will be a pleasure to the families and loved ones of the thousands of dead Kurds at Halabja to learn that their relatives and friends have succumbed to anything other than the chemical bombing of saddam hussein.
Unless the content of the article has been radically altered by the author, your comment is improper (to be polite).
In addition, how does this mass crime committed in 1988 would prove that the chemical weapons discovered nearly 20 years later were still usable?
It's not very clear the author's style: "Looking for weapons of mass destruction.
It is in agreement.
You think that now is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education
It is never the time to strengthen education, because we are always at war.
Alternative: It is ALWAYS the time to strengthen education, because we are always at war?
We would already have a lot of education, if we "had" to work 35 hours instead of 17.
At the time, our teachers are currently earn more than engineers.
And that we should not lead us to believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week to prepare their programmes.
But it does not see itself as the National Education does not have the means to provide an office at college / high school his teachers so they are working at home.
A sort of forced telework, in short, except that the employer does not pay the computer or the internet connection, or the supplies.
In fact, it's so the gravy train at 17: 00 per week and 4 months of vacation that we fail to complete the CAPES math, come, we'll be there.
What do you mean you don't want to carry the poorly educated chiards whose parents are spitting on top you in dealing with wanker?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm the khurde djihadites so that people can better to flourish.
Where we see that the Bush administration has done absolutely everything wrong.
My first job after graduating was in the sale, in London, to win three times nothing and it was, however, a position for which he had a degree.
A year later, I saw an ad for a labourer for the London Underground, it was paid £5,000 per year, and we don't even ask the patent.
I've never regretted it.
In this respect, don't worry if you can't find a job after graduating, try to find something to be that pays well, or that you love to do.
If I was stuck to the graduate jobs, I would still have to pay my student loan
I don't like so much work in business, then I hope to eventually get to be in the public service is in the academic world.
Lol LOL LOL This article is really late!
Exactly, when I got my degree in 2011 there was already a backlog of three years.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
Get rid of bisounours channels such as letters / theatre / art / media / political science / philosophy, that is to say what is known as the unemployed degrees.
I have one of those degrees and I ended up production manager.
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma, but, as the article above says, a good career path, starting at school and throughout the university.
Of course the starting salary was less than but it rises quickly, because in the real world, what matters is the outcome more than the knowledge.
This debate engineering / arts channels have been going on for years.
Scientists can't solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to get up in the morning, to arrive at work on time and interact with the people in order to get results.
Letters, philosophy and art are des bisounours channels?
It is ridiculous.
I assume that you are talking about the kind of media studies degrees or whatever the abstruse chain where you went.
The letters, philosophy, political science and art are true.
We need people who can explain the big questions for high school students, who understand the importance of the bases of culture, such as literature, art, etc., and the highlight.
It would not be better a real territorial policy to reduce congestion in Paris and invigorate the rest of France?
Personally, I fail to see the people of the end-fond de l'Essonne et du Val-d'Oise to 80km round trip every day by bike to come and work in Paris.
The inhabitants intra-muros et de la petite ceinture already have many means of transport in common otherwise more practical (subway, bus, tram).
> Many parks secured and locked, as there are already in the northern cities of Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the road network.
Good idea.
On the surface, the space is cannibalized by the 2WD.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the City of Paris has been working with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
As much benefit from their big experience in the field.
Well, we did not find room for ONE hanging device of cycling.
The motivation seems to be stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë....
Well, it's not going at all.
When we speak of pedestrians and other public transport users of the reasons why they don't cycle, it seems to me that the main reasons that stand out are: 1 / is also extremely dangerous with all these old bangers, these trucks, those who ride scooters super fast and don't give the survival of bikes 2 / it is full of pollution in the head For me the cycle paths are the worst, we need to reduce traffic congestion charge type (congestion charge), reduce the speed (Paris = 30 zone), enforce the rules of the road in systematically verbalisant (even the bikes in B flat meadows need to adapt the highway code written for an entire game of 100 years ago to bicycles), to generalize the buffer zones after crosswalks, not before or old bangers and scooters don't conditioning.
Cycle paths that is apartheid, we need to live together but to rebalance the occupation of urban space.
There is nothing on the bike in the Paris?
Not a word about the place of the bicycle on public transportation?
EELV has reason.
The target of 15% of the usa to Velo is ridiculous.
I am starting to believe that Anne Hidalgo drove the greens in flour.
In fact according to what reports OR, the EELV assistants seem to be sceptical.
"I prefer to be optimistic.
Before the racket begins, it would be better to find out who is really behind this massacre.
Hint: It's not Russia.
Not sure I love the way the world is changing.
It looks horrible.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has signalled its intention to bring the case to the ECHR, but I have not heard that a complaint has been filed.
In addition, they should file a complaint first in Germany or in Ukraine.
I would also expect that these cases are pushed back pending the outcome of the investigation report on the accident and the consequent criminal investigation.
Yeah, but Libya has not blew up Pan Am 103, either.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for the safety of air space, in this case the Ukrainian government.
The accident was it predictable?
Other planes had been shot down before, Ukraine launched in the air strikes against the rebels and any aircraft, of course, could be seen as a possible threat and immediate.
What is the Ukrainian government took reasonable precautions on the basis of an obvious threat, or does he have chosen to play with the lives of innocent people so that the airlines are paying the overflight of the territory?
Where are all the pro-Kiev trolls who defend their usurper government / Ukraine's ultra-nationalists from the West - and who want to show roughly that Putin shot down the MH17 flight.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev, because they are responsible for what is happening in their heaven.
The previous: An interruption in 1986 at the International Court of Justice, which ruled that the supply of arms by the CIA to the rebel forces of the Contras in Nicaragua does not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions.
No chance that Russia does not leave this case to go to the ICJ.
It's funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that Australians have been murdered by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope that he can present evidence to substantiate his claims.
So far, investigators have not said anything of the sort.
Known as Ricardo and be such an unwordly in green, it is appalling!
Known as Polar is losing the north is good.
A single questionde unwordly: Does the poor of today is poorer than the poor man yesterday?
I cannot foreclosing to note that those who criticise the most virulament Piketty's book have not read it!
It is easy to read, I put a couple of days.
It shows the evolution of income-producing statistics, capital income, inequality-concentration, labour income inequality, the ownership of capital, and deserves a legacy in the log term.
It shows that the concentration of capital of today is the same as that of the beginning of the 20 th before 1914, it shows that it is the 2 world wars that have lowered the concentration of capital, from 1914 à1945, then how the concentration picks up after...
Bernajuzan: You say no to what.
I ask you how long it took you to read this paved with knowing that the ability of an individual's concentration has some limitations.
Secondly, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis that gave the press is right or not.
If it is right, we can discuss it without having read the book, the bulk of which is to one-sided arguments in favour of it.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajuzan: How long do you have to read it?
What is the central thesis of his paved summed up by the press is false?
I have not read and don't read it.
I am therefore relying on summary of its central thesis and it is this one, which seems to me to be pure humbug.
The notion of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Humanity has it not enriched overall?
And this enrichment added to a growing population is the real political issue today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the price without a doubt.
But remember that she was only 17 years old.
An age at which most people are just starting to find their place in the world.
I hope that this award will not be a burden to the girl and she will find its way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price, but the political capital of the Western governments who want to prove the old adage that the coloured perverts are the embodiment of evil.
All my best wishes for happiness to Malala, but she has to realise that it is used, and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the popular areas of Britain!
Someone does he thought that his speech was a bit strange.
She thanked her father for having given him a lot of freedom, but noted that, if it were not to where it is now, she would have been married 14 years.
Malala herself, does it not part of these perverse "coloured"?
You should not have any "air time" on this site.
You are, yourself, a horrible perverts.
It is absolutely disgusting.
No, his father was not going to marry at the age of 14.
She was 15 years old when he was shot.
His father runs a school where girls are educated and he is in favour of equal rights for women.
It is, and has always been, to receive higher education, and that it has the right to decide for herself of her marriage.
However, it is unusual for someone in Pakistan, to the extent that he thinks that women are the equal of men.
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often needs to marry at 14 years old, without having a say.
Sorry that she has not set out in a way that speaks for you.
It may seem contradictory, but perhaps she wants to say that, if his father had not given him freedom, she would have been married 14 years
Rather disappointed by this entry for season 4 and especially by Jessica Lange, who obviously had a little trouble finding his character of Marlene Dietrich's look-alike.
I just look at the last two seasons, which are quite different, but I have to admit that this is one of the best series of horror, one of the most successful!
A fascinating first episode.
The achievement is close to perfection and the show of Jessica Lange singing the anachronistic Life on Mars of Bowie is simply amazing.
I have not yet watched this new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange be waiting awhile).
In the case of American Horror Story I preferred to have all of a sudden that look at 13 episodes over 3-4 months.
But one thing is about, apart from Jessica Lange extraordinaire, it is primarily the risks of scenes and montages that appals me.
It was in AHS an avalanche of original plans that don't ridicule the asepsis of productions of today.
It escapes me a little to see you throw in the towel in advance for the next few seasons without even waiting to be able to gauge the quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series but, as you say so well, there are many other things.
No it's just that, for me, Jessica Lange (and especially its path and how she uses it) really is ONE of the pillars of the series apart from the technical qualities.
And good bah I watch a lot for it.
Then I think the series is writing, she wants to do too many things at the same time.
The season 3 was slightly below, in the 2 was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I see them do 10 seasons of American Horror Story or it will end up as a 24-hour times what.
But hey everyone does what wants to eh!
It is by what I say, "I don't look more then" that everyone is forced to do the same!
I share my point of view, nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think that it will be fatal.
But then, that is, it's just my opinion.
Less talk of tax increases, s'il vous plaît - rather coupons in the expenses of the state.
No, increase the spending if you please.
Those who wanted to make cuts in spending have failed.
Spark controversy about relatively small items of expenditure, such as development aid
The problem is that this is less than the margin of error in government spending in the United Kingdom.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances, rather than the change of direction that the electorate seems to want and during all this time, some in each camp, pretend that these nuances are much more important and significant than they are - and the voters are clear in their game and find them in bad faith.
Less than 1% of the spending.
The "debt," that is essentially a of assets held by financial institutions in this country.
The "debt" is nothing of which we should be worried.
I would see no problem with what the government takes a third of my income (before you even talk about taxes on consumption) if I thought he was going to use it to good use.
But that is not the case, and a lot of taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage has not been completely honest about how to cut taxes but hey, if you add our net contribution to the EU, development aid, High Speed 2, subsidies to virtually useless wind turbines and nuclear power plants which cost twice what they should, you arrive at a figure that does seem quite ridiculous tax of the Labour and Lib-Dem on the most luxurious residences.
Your first £10,000 is not taxable.
This means that someone who earns £35,000 per year will pay about £5,000 (one seventh of their salary), someone with £50,000 would pay around £10,000 (a fifth), etc., and someone with a £200,000 pays around £70,000 (a little more than a third).
And the social security contributions?
The more the social security contributions, plus local taxes, more parking fees and the car sticker, and that's before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is deducted at source before the local taxes and the car sticker.
I am paid a decent, but not extravagantly.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I'm happy to pay my taxes.
But let us not pretend that money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where to spend billions of pounds of taxes.
How does an unemployed person who is looking for work at the door-to-door can he prove it?
Even so, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, it means that 80% are looking and cannot find it.
Being unemployed person myself, I have more interest in what others are looking or not?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CVs, it increases my chances of.
Actually I haven't had a new de Pôle Emploi for months, it means that the agents are more busy checking operations than to make a real go of job advertisements?
I don't see the point.
Because it is not up to the state to provide work.
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough jobs, then we should dispense with Pole Emploi.
In what is it a sensitive subject?
We all have rights and duties, in this case, it ensures that the unemployed properly fulfil their duties in return for their rights.
Just as a controller asked their transport users as a means of transport, a head of department, or are the employees of their work, etc.
No one shouts at the scandal in these cases, isn't it?
Indeed, it is worth remembering that the unemployed have rights: The only two times I've had to deal with Pôle Emploi, my rights to the ARE had been poorly prepared, and on one of the files, reduced by 40%, we had to fight hard.
It takes time!
I am not an expert in law.
The storage and control takes over at the moment, whereas statutorily Pôle Emploi is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the issue of compensation should only concern the employees, it is they who pay the assessment.
The policies and the French non-employees themselves of the rights that they did not in fact!
This is not normal.
I would add that a decent unemployment insurance contributes to the enhancement of paid work.
Rather than wait for tweets assassins in Arabic...
In fact, you have to have a direct military response in Iraq / Syria, which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this conflict zone.
The situation then would look like to the spread of the Black Death in 1348 / 9 in connection with the war and displacement of populations at the time.
The Saudis have had the presence of mind to ban this year the Hajj to Mecca to Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reported that 7 400 had their visa application refused because of their country of origin or their recent travels.
In fact, there was the case of a pilgrim from Bosnia who contracted smallpox in Mecca during the Hajj in the 1980s, likely to be contaminated by a pilgrim come from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Est-ce que c'est be heartless to propose to prevent Ebola patients to take a plane to Europe?
I thought it was common sense, but apparently those "who knows" have decided that we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These countries in West Africa where Ebola is out of control should be quarantined.
No one comes out.
Only the health workers can enter.
Wait 21 days after treating patients before they can leave.
If they become infected with the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay there until they are cured.
These are not drastic measures.
Only last week, people have been contaminated after having had contact with people in West Africa even though they have taken "all necessary precautions."
We can stop the spread of this disease.
It is mainly spread by the airlines.
Ban them to offer to fly to these countries.
In addition, the customs officers at airports should be trained to identify people with typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be immediately put in quarantine.
That he manages to get the message out of the individual first and religious group (including) second and he will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt that it will be able to erect dogma in the image of God which is characterised by the total world's cortex in operation.
There is still a long way from this view.
It is 20 years, only that the information has emerged as the bonus given to humanity, whereas religion, end of the cerebellum directs our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is very much a minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Those who criticise would not in any case the feet to the Church, there is only to see the low number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step, it removes the concept of sin, too "anxiety"?
@ louise: Sorry the church does not have a limited vision to France.
And in the world, may be this will affect more people...
@ Martine E, to be honest (as usual) respect for others, as you look at pre-christ.
Hillel a century before him has already said: "Don't do unto others what you don't want that, they tell you to do, that is the whole Torah and the rest is just commentary: Go and study!."
Christianity goes far beyond a mere reciprocity, but introduces the agapê.
Your "advance justice, peace, brotherhood," but without a god?
It is a return to communism?: -)
Next step: It removes the incarnation and the resurrection.
Jesus will continue to be the hero who has upset the moral laws by redefining the respect of others.
The Christians will then be ready to play their role in the ethical debates of our societies and advance justice, peace, brotherhood.
Not very Catholic?
I seem to remember that the small number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then forcibly converted and pushed to immigration a few centuries ago.
I hesitate too between buying it, the new game Alien, or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite comes out soon.
It doesn't invented.
Me personally I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even participated in its fundraising campaign), but I don't think it is worth £30.
If this is the PC version that interests you, Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells for £30, and also offers a good 20% reduction.
The Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells at £30, and also offers a 20% reduction.
I am going to watch.
Obviously not at work.
The killjoys of the IT department to block all sites.
Hello, est-ce que c'est £30, then 20% discount, or is it that the £30 include 20% reduction?
However, attention: The PC version is only for beautifull.
It has taken me by surprise, I have bought, but can't play there.
In addition I have bought on Steam, therefore no rebate, it is null and void.
It is time to buy a new video card * is the mouth *
It is a Brazilian website, but you get a username Steam valid, I think.
Caveat emptor and all that: I haven't used it myself.
Amazon £30 for PC, £35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, Xbox and PS4 for £44
Thank you, I would be afraid that one day they delete your library if they decide to crack down on the people who are buying here when they are out of the region.
So join the beta version of Elite: Dangerous.
For example, France in 1940 was a "putrid breeding ground"?
Therefore, say, Nobel Peace Prize, I did have the air of a poisoned chalice.
It must be love France 40, that of "the strange defeat"?
When you see who gets the Nobel Prize for Literature one wonders if Proust or Dostoevsky would have today.
The Nobel is not even an event, it did not even want to read the award-winning authors.
The Brazilians, Chinese and Australians will read Modiano, which is already difficult to read in French, and that describes a world so limited and if égocentré?
I hope that the other Nobels are more credible, but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only a distant relationship with the literature.
Have you read at least?
Or another Nobel Peace Prize?
It would be better to judge.
With regard to the Chinese, Brazilians and others, do not worry for them.
The foreigners are very sensitive to the French literature and culture, them.
They will appreciate Mr.
Modiano at its true value, if they don't already know!
For your part, continue to attend Lévy and Musso.
I agree with your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso retain all of their chances.
Then let's see who won the Nobel Prize for Literature: H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
Hi the awful.
Since I drove one in Iceland, I would not stop to see Kia Sportage everywhere.
I believe that this thing has followed me so far.
Maybe she wants to crush me?
Or swallow me as the horrible computer from Superman III?
Hello Dantra, always hatred?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my médocs.
It is on Wednesday!
I had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the festival of beer and cider from Nottingham.
It was messy.
I managed to enjoy 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel being one of my favourites.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there, there wasn't that fanatics of CAMRA (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
On the return on Sunday, it was really hard.
On Monday evening we went in the grandfather of a friend to play nine card two thirds.
Thanks to a real chance of a beginner I was able to start again with some decent updates.
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I will be as strong as him.
Last night I went to a cocktail bar in Farringdon chic.
One of my drinks arrived with a slice of bacon on top.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how much you are wrong, Mr Christian.
Having said that, without wanting to make you angry, I think you move a little of the subject.
All this famous, it prohibits the quests for djihâdistes at the exit of mosques.
She said without delay arms trafficking.
Either we had with our eyes wide open as Meddeb and Taïa or Boubaker whether it was with our eyes closed.
We have to choose.
This is not in keeping with your eyes closed, that is in the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but again, you make a monumental sense: All of the authorities, organisations or representative associations, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the IS and its crimes, the French, Muslim or not, have nothing to add to these official convictions unanimous.
That implies consent.
The problem is that people like you see them first and foremost as Muslims, Arabs or Africans.
Not like the French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc' h Mervel, the doubt exists for everyone.
As I have said a thousand times, some are skeptical of the approval by the French Jewish Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and indecent to acknowledge the a priori and to require them to publicly display to prove to the rest of the French company that she is wrong to doubt it.
This principle is, in my view, the negation of the republic, and can only help to French society.
If there was no doubt, as much to say.
Which implies consent, but agrees to what?
Agreed to an AR proximity or to the conviction of AR.
The silence is quite convenient, it is the main weapon of those who want to sit on the cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond has predicted that Scotland could, at the time of the elections, "revenge" of the parties represented in Westminster because a huge gap has widened between their proposals for decentralisation and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the thought of losing all those seats in Westminster...
Cameron must laugh it out of court.
This is what these threats?
The Conservatives don't give completely of Scotland since they have no foundation.
They can do what they want with impunity.
I don't think even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that the Labour loss of seats at Westminster for the benefit of the SNP is a good thing in the long term for him and the Conservatives.
Who is going to shed a tear for the Labor Party.
They are going to completely wipe out in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP who are going to cut off their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband has joined the "PROMISE" thinking that he saved his party but without realizing that he signed the death warrant of its Scottish MPs.
It is not surprising that some Labour MPs demand accountability to their leader.
If the SNP wins 20-25 seats, and that there was no majority in the parliament, even if the seats are not the Conservatives, they will then be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to force both the Conservatives and the Labour Party to do what they have promised for a maximum devolution.
I think it is rather that the important thing.
Not if the Labour or the Conservatives want to be re-elected one day in England.
Waxing the pumps of 8% at the expense of 85%, it is not a great electoral strategy.
In addition, once the Scottish MPs will no longer be able to vote on matters affecting England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
Oh, I think that it is.
Cameron has perhaps not have much to lose, but if Miliband.
Maggie did with the Ulster Unionists, and it has been successful.
Yet, it is still in the running to be prime minister in 2015 and has been since he won the leadership of the Labor Party.
So, basically, these boxes will be virtually behind every reader to look over her shoulder and see what he says, how he reads, and until the end.
It is "The Lives of Others" of East Germany or the KGB used to the world of the FRIC...
Always the same fascination with surveillance techniques.
Ultimately, it will take at least a sterilizer effect.
I look forward to the next post: Amazon makes YOUR book according to YOUR profile and it automatically thanks to an algorithm of his secret!
It is gay as world.
Highly stimulating.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRMs is not implemented, I still have the reading of pirated files, books in the public domain or purchased from a couple of publishers who have the intelligence to suggest files without spy.
Given the price I paid the Kobo, that is, without regret.
I am always amazed by the widespread abdication of users in the face of widespread ownership of their private life.
From your local bookseller public, you will notice that everyone else is always gives his loyalty card (fn * c, d * * inhaled,...).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose opening and completion rates are likely to be derisory.
For example, "James Joyce's" Finnegans Wake.
@ Thomas: In the era of Big Data, the data did not really need to be personal to be relevant.
Be careful not to put all the literature in the same bin.
The harvest of anonymous data when there is a profile....
The harvest is not anonymous.
It is the data published by Kobo, which does not identify the readers, not the perpetrators.
But Kobo did all this information, he did.
There have been so many statements exaggerated, inaccurate and contradictory on the part of the Turkish government in recent days that the country seems to be run by a kindergarten class full of kids with schizophrenia in acid.
It is even worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that some supporter of Islamist Erdogan thinks is such an insult they delete your comment, but not mine.; -)
Bien vu: -P But Turkey did not want to shoot itself in the foot, unless you win something.
If they attack ISIS, ISIS will pay dearly, so it is actually shoot itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat wrote on his blog: "The AP reports that Iran has warned the US that it would be a mistake to try to topple lei Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad because it would endanger the security of Israel.
It is not clear in the article if Iran sent a serious warning of retaliation or if he simply advised caution.
This second option is more likely and, in any case, what is really surprising is that today the US diplomatic engagement with Iran and Syria, Israel and the security of the region. "
The reading of Indian Punchline is highly recommended to anyone who is paying attention to detail rather than the c * balanced disk for free by the traditional media. The short article which you give the link is important and should be read bearing in mind the realistic observations / previous warnings from Iran to Afghanistan's proposed around 1979 - 1980.
Who are these "moderates" who are fighting seriously the gruesome Assad secular and at the same time the evil of ISIS?
The politics of pipelines is pushing the world into the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to "moderates" non-existent to pay more attention to the facts and alternatives before sending other people's children to fight in the Third World War.
"It is even worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan" Are there other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
There should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
It should be ""?
You realize that neither the criminals, not the victims, do not have the slightest chance of being still alive?
A bit late for that, my friend...
The criminals are they not just old now, kind of 120 years?
A little late for that, isn't it?
Especially with regard to the triumvirate of the CUP who planned and led the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed immediately after the 1st World War by revenge by Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a place loser of Central Asia at about the same time, when he went there in dreaming of basing a Turkish empire.
What madness!
An impressive mastery of the fatal slope fallacy, but apart from that, we are trying in vain to contact with the real world.
Of clichés without argument.
Still the foetus will hear a heartbeat, even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
The lesbian couples have may be simply a desire for children, and not a desire to be accepted.
Infertile hetero couples, too.
As for the children!
What a shame to designate them as future mentally unbalanced.
One day, they will have the age of defending themselves, to say that they are happy to live, to earn a living and pay the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is probably an "interim solution" in the evolution of medicine that is our world.
It is not today.
Many women have worn and put in the world of children who were not of their husbands.
He is still in this way, we are facts...
The important thing here is that this practice be framed so that the "commodification" of the body is limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics, aren't they also commodification of body?!
Anakronik fareinheit...
It is certainly more elegant to engrosser good in distant countries via the internet and Pay Pal to shoulder its responsibilities and / or to avoid the scandal in another close to home for centuries without shouting at that time from the rooftops!...
These practices were not made on behalf of the church!...
There is not that of Christians and believers who refuse these practices...
The fact remains that the operation of the body is a real problem.
Oh be quiet, this man is passionate about something.
At the end of the 1970s in the Midlands I didn't see it that way.
I had to go there the day because I did not have the right to go there at night!
But if you liked it, and if you listen to the music - this music today it still affects you so much.
I don't know why there are so many derogatory comments about what Paul Mason said, perhaps they are posted by people who have never been cool, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article about football, which is waiting for your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since Tony Parson's film, there is a dearth of stories that really reflects the reality of the culture of the North of England.
No wonder that Paul Mason has understood the social and political context, he understands the situation.
The Northern Soul is still alive, but it has been bled to death by capitalism and today it is essentially a phenomenon of surface.
Having said that, you can take a listen if you are in the area of London in November: 99psoul goes back to vinyl records of soul, including plenty of Northern soul, on Saturday, 15 November to Betsey Trotwood at Farringdon.
Me too, I thought "the same old story," but that is a small article, well written and well thought out.
Your criticism really need to be more constructive.
Great article.
I loved your documentary.
I assume that you are happy to have escaped Newsnight.
Last train to Wigan Victoria / Exchange and get off to Wallgate.
The in swallowing pills.
No matter what the station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 min walk from Wigan after having bought a ticket for the bus stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern Soul scene are described in an excellent episode of the series police George Gently entitled Gently Northern Soul, is happening at Newcastle in 1968.
The cases are becoming increasingly ultraviolet.
The Palestinians have no partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@ Jonathan: Netanyahu doesn't want peace because he wants to continue to occupy, colonise (incidentally, this was also the case of Rabin).
It is obvious that Rabin, Netanyahu and their voters have all preferred occupation-settling for peace.
He took off his clothes, put them on the rock and went into the water.
An Israeli had been stolen from them.
The Israeli representative stood up angry and vociféra: "What are you talking about?
The Israelis weren't even there at the time!. "
The Palestinian representative (UN) smiled and added: And now that things are clearly set out
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the government of the Palestinian Authority bipolar and will not lower its guard...
That notwithstanding the anti Israelis, that much is obvious, it is not the intention...
Anti-Zionist: But I have told you, I translate: The global geopolitical report...
And it has always been thus since the Policy is globalised.
Avoidance, avoidance...
In the colonial-Israeli conflict, for the establishment of the Palestinian state, that's for sure, it continues!
For the creation of Israel you don't reply.
What balance of power has enabled the creation of Israel?
Anti-Zionist: The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still today a report by force!
You know?!!!!...
In addition to all of this is not just about Russell Brand, but the journalists of the Guardian seem to have found it difficult to go beyond anything that he does not have to say.
A lot of what he says are just nonsense pseudo-chomskystes written but not others.
This proves that you don't understand what Russell Brand says, or what Noam Chomsky said.
It's just a series of personal attacks and innuendo (my 13-year-old daughter the likes, which would mean that it is a question of immaturity).
A truly nasty load, with just a hint of self-awareness that Russell Brand said some truths, perhaps truths which we would rather not think about.
Hang yourself, that feeling is going to be increasingly common!
I can understand why Brand hard certain: He speaks sometimes pretentious manner, and after all the nonsense of the tabloids he actually gives the impression of being a populist beginner, but this whole story not to vote has been completely misinterpreted my opinion.
The general consensus seems to be that he just told people not to vote and instead sit back and ignore the whole political process - but if you look at the interview with Paxman and other articles / videos that he posted, he said that voting once every 5 years only for Labour or the Conservatives or the Lib Dems (I assume) and limit the democratic commitment to this is completely useless, the two parties (to slightly different degrees) governing mainly in favour of special interests, multinational corporations and the wealthy, A any time he does just completely ignore the policy because these parties do not govern in our name: He insisted that rather than just vote and disconnect for five years, people should become much more politically active at the local level, to organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, whatever, and try to influence policy from that.
I'm not saying I necessarily agree with his solution (because I believe to be politically active in presenting its applications can go hand in hand with voting, because politicians are weathervanes who change their minds if they really are at risk of losing the elections), but it is!!! To see all these condescending responses that say this moron who is Jesus said to young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that all will be better because it's really distort his arguments.
His solution is highly questionable, and it would be nice if people discussed what he actually said, rather than simply label it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large amount of people left behind.
Yes, thank you.
The thing about the vote was completely distorted.
The futility of slipping a ballot paper in a ballot box every 5 years deeply irritates me because my vote really counts for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and Members of Parliament who locally accountable to their constituents.
In addition, I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Brand are not his own (written by others).
He is smart enough to have its own words and ideas, even if they are heavily influenced by the kind of thinkers and academics, anti-establishment from the counter-culture that Suzanne would regroup under the label "nonsense pseudo-chomskystes."
Rather, I am convinced that in a debate he would succeed in convincing Suzanne.
Perhaps this is what the Guardian could do, that Suzanne makes such as Polly Toynbee and interview with Russell on a porch, with even the nodding added to the mounting!
As Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russell but eventually became one of his fans and by inviting him in his show, it is all too easy to attack without really understand where he is coming from.
He draws from a political discourse that has existed for generations, but which has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
Above all, this "sling" indicates to me that the intellectual debate is no longer the appointment of history where professional historians have become a minority and where the exchange of experts have become poorer for the benefit of ready-to-think condensed type Sciences Po for press kits.
For my part I'd seen in the intellectual stance of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to lash out at a culprit, a scapegoat.
They are both very rational arguments, but this rationality is based on these scapegoats who are the cornerstone of their thinking.
I think Foucault, rather than the State was necessary as the culprit.
This is a very old fashioned thinking, the sacrificial thinking, which is also the magical thinking.
It solves the problem of the report to the other in eliminating it.
There is a slope anarchisante, neo-lib and / or / libertarian (of the two words, the second marks a hardening of the desire to eradicate the State, the first given to seek the help of the state to its markets) within the meaning of less state / pas du tout d'Etat in Foucault.
The age-old dream of the base that self-organise beautifully.
His thinking is built on the guilt of the State: Without guilt that she does not hold water.
Who says guilty, said elimination, murder, self-sacrifice.
This is not taking a position against the three intellectuals cited here.
A support from elsewhere.
The totalitarian Left remembers the good old days, that of his god at the time, Stalin, the father of the people.
Wow, you've probably read a chouya too quickly if you took the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for a glorification of Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent amuserait does more to attack Michel in this way...
Gauchet poses a profound reflection on the individual and the collective, about the difficulty of the accession process, in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether one agrees with him or not, it is an original thinker and respectable.
See this orchestrated by a cabal of humanities scholars of the hard left that do not support what is happening to the allegiance to their mantras, is pretty laughable.
The narcisissme and authoritarianism of these people knows no bounds.
An important point to add seems to me to be the posture of these "rebels," which is only theoretical and intellectual.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellow" which I have witnessed in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You have not had the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was it in Russia, that a Russian to be able to meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I don't remember when I saw a Chinese for the last time.
In London, and they have been sympathetic to me when they learned that I was Russian.
Here in Russia - in the 1990s, the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think that white people!
My family lives in Australia after I came to Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago, in the middle of the 20th century, and I can still hear some of them say violently anti-whites.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter, so with a white man.
I also think that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s, and especially over the last few years: They are becoming more and more wealthy, prosperity spreads outside of major cities, and with this prosperity people travel abroad and see how other people live.
From what I was told, the Russians have mostly biased against the temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia, working in trades and in areas where they have been very fortunate to be exploited by their employers or face a high crime and violence.
Although I have lived on the banks of the river Yenisei, in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the views of Australians on the Chinese and the Aborigines.
It's really bizarre that a foreigner to tell me that I can't stand the Chinese, although I have met two in my life (including one from abroad), don't have kept bad memories, all people are equal, and in fact, those in London have been very nice that is the only reason why I was reminded that they were Chinese.
Otherwise we do not recall that we meet, all people are equal, how do you remember who was who.
Do you know what is weird?
You and the other Russian here were talking about the Chinese as a sort of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you still go out with the white man.
How many Chinese men are with white women, by comparison?
No, because there are a lot of chances that the parents of these Blanches PHYSICALLY agresseraient them.
No measure of the impartiality of the judiciary.
Yet, it is the mother of all the battles and justice in France continues to be manipulated by groups of heavily marked on the left as the union of the judiciary...
@ Marabout: Sorry, but the legal circles are frankly a trademark law.
When the Syndicat de la magistrature, he does not represent that 25% of the judges.
If a measure of its bias can be made from the relativity of the application of laws in the courts, ordering it to dismiss two obstacles.
The Observer's political vision such as that of the factual interpretation of the judge.
Then there is the tool obliged by law to refocus the assessment on the fundamentals.
The measure of his failure in all of the criminal acts of judges, prosecutors, forced to make a distinction between the error and bias on the part of the judges.
It would be futile to argue that the acts of justice are not spread evenly between these three groups.
The conceit and ignorance not under the control of an objective analysis.
And, therefore, if all this is not discussed, how can we then say that justice is improving in France?
If it is only by statistics which implicitly that it from very low.
The previous preamble provides a means to put the following in the third ratio.
The corruption * of the judiciary.
Sensitive subject in proportion to the power of nuisance * which is given to the judicial institution capable of such a heresy.
The area in question is that of the despoliation of heirs * committed up by means of fraud in the procedure * by inheritance genealogists mandated by notaries.
This profession gets year after year 150 million euros, while benefiting from the * coverage provided by the quasi-judicial impunity * du notariat French.
For the understanding of their mechanism, a party has been reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where it joins the statistical improvement * moderated by the previous comment, is that the judicial system has produced, when many disputes between genealogist and heirs reluctant to do so, and rob, a whole series of decisions that are contrary to all the laws favourable to the heirs.
The presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria does it isn't then an elaborate form of lies?
Surely prices completely prohibitive.
The equipment to rip off people with disabilities.
We can say that, but my brother was one of those all-terrain tricycles, custom built to its size and its weight and it has really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors as never a normal wheelchair, with wheels and tires, could not.
As they say, the tastes and colours...
The Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
Has the air Tankchair EPIQUE.
I think the inventor of the whill has never had to clean up a dog doo on a caterpillar.
I am sure that my sister would love the tricycle all terrain, but it is simply too expensive.
The wheelchair ultra-long-distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for the longboard.
Here there are hills which would appeal to them.
The prices seem to be high, but there really are people who make this kind of money in a bike, then "you see."
The all-terrain tricycle seems to me to be particularly useful.
All disabled people are not poor, yet.
Many of them have at their disposal of insurance to a reasonable amount.
Only if they have become disabled.
The trick is that the market of the wheelchair is a niche, so they can afford to charge high prices for things which they know perfectly well that they are necessary.
You can't really say that the whill be minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately it's just a sketch, there are no plans to manufacture it.
I am content that the wheelchair "long distance" does not arrive on the market, because apparently there is no way to lead this trick.
Close to 20,000 homes have been destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza, during heavy bombardment of densely populated residential areas.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power in the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half of them are children and young people who are under the age of 18.
The eight-year-old children have lived their entire lives under Israeli blockade!
Situation is unique in the world, unacceptable situation, as well as illegal, since the blockade imposes a "collective punishment" has all the civilians in Gaza.
"The contractors working on their projects to divert a little of their cement into the black market..."
Oh ça c'est pas de la langue de bois, concrete rather than army and the lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anti-Zionist...
The good will cement in tunnels!
There is the black market, that's for sure, and acknowledged.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Situation is unique in the world, unacceptable situation for anyone who has a heart and a sense of morality.
The US has a well-kept grounds: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by you know who) has been ruled out!
Don't forget, too, that after having lifted, Morsi had restored the blockade!!!
And I'm a Westerner, so I agree with...
Jonathan....
The Egyptian-Israeli Blockade is...
The children of Gaza are living on a subterranean fortress, built on the back of the population who chose his masters!
Have a boat, it's a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope that you have thought through.
Couchsurfing is much more cool that Airbnb.
It is the very definition of the sharing economy, non-profit.
Many do not seek a quick one evening on your guide.
So it is to be paid (or at least hope) in a different way.
It's still much cheaper than a hotel, if we need to find the right addresses.
In addition, the owners and tenants who trust each other often stop to use Airbnb and deal directly with cash, bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this.
"It puts on"?
No problem with the word, what is the problem with your grammar?
It does not use the verb "to let" in the United States.
The author has simply used an American expression.
It is an international newspaper, now, in case you hadn't noticed.
It would be better to have good insurance for the boat, make sure that it is 100% in compliance with all safety rules and ask those who manage canals and rivers permission to carry out a commercial activity (which they surely will). I have a boat and I have tried to see how the rent (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it really is a nightmare...
Have you thought about the fact that the boats can be moved, stolen and repainted, sunk, etc.?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it would still be close to where you left off.
Or hijacked by pirates...
All of these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our boats...
Where are you going to the moor?
No Marine Le Pen has not right!
Populism?.
There is no truth, other than that which set out the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training.
The increase in wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Defending that?
Defending what?
In 2017 the Mass will be called!
Capitalism is not going to impoverish itself!
High finance, speculates, plays with our businesses, therefore, our jobs, our raw materials, so we buy, our food, our food, with the structures of our health care, with our debts, therefore, our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and by our money they hold..
All of this for the benefit dequelques hyper-mega-obese of filthy lucre.
Until proven otherwise, FH said: "My enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance."
It was in 2012.
In 2014, he was appointed Minister of Economy, a former Rothschild banker, history to better defend the interests of the banksters, solely responsible for the crisis of 2007.
Were there no one else was?
You call it how: To return to his jacket, drop his pants?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact, it is not clear what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see it?
Because the Germans have refused to rescue the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee has really "refused" to rescue the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle is that none of the parties seemed to be sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee has quickly left the area because he had received a report showing a British battleship in the area.
The sea was rough at the start of the day; I don't know if it was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the war came to an end after sunset, making it more difficult for any rescue operation.
Compare that with the next battleground, that of the Falklands, where, on the pictures showing the survivors being rescued, we see a calm sea and in broad daylight.
In addition, the rescuers knew that there was no more at this stage of German fighters in the area.
Hmm, it really does not correspond to what I remember reading about this battle, so I did a quick search on Wikipedia:
"There was some confusion among the German ships about the fate of two battleships, cruisers, who had disappeared in the dark after he stopped shooting, and a chase began.
The Leipzig saw something on fire, but by closer he saw that it was only a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships, belatedly joined the battle and saw the Monmouth, examined and severely damaged but still in motion.
After I pointed to its spotlight on the flag of the ship, the proposed visit was refused and he opened fire, eventually sinking the ship.
Without reliable information, von Spee ruled that the Good Hope had to escape and stopped the research at 22: 15.
Concerned about reports indicating a British battleship in the vicinity, he headed north. "
So, if this is true, the Germans, groping in the dark before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not look for survivors.
They also felt that there was a bigger battleship of the Royal Navy in the area which would have been seriously damaged, so confused they déguerpirent to take advantage of their advance.
They were far from their base and Spee was well aware that they should find a path through many ships of the Royal Navy.
Cradock's sacrifice their had already caused harm and cost them about half their ammunition, thus condemning them when they were eventually taken.
A number of voices in the UMP to request that it be enshrined in law that an elected official is definitively convicted as a result permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous stance, which also affect of left-wing politicians of course.
But nooon, it is a joke.
For THIS IDEA JE PROPOSES ADDING TO THE WALL OF CONS OF JUDGES
When will the banning of trade unions in the areas already protected?
How much longer do we tolerate this distortion of equality among citizens?
Maintained by schemers (es) whose vision of society is limited to those areas, always quick to appease the very same people who will benefit from their tenure to hinder the actions of real policies, which are actually trying to change things, not the beautiful parleuses whose inaction is commensurate with their complacency.
I met them in the subway around noon with their small signs of "Justice" they came from province and did not differentiate between Bercy et le POPB.
It supports the existence of politicised unions whose members are the enormous power they hold in the service of his party.
It is not in the same right-wing theses if unions, or even of the extreme right, were targeted celebrities from his board and led to a legal war against them in the media.
Your assertions are completely free of charge.
If, at the moment the legal right to pay for the news it is simply that she had committed acts that are in!
We don't have an example of left-wing personality who has had as much to do with Justice, but all those who have been the subject of his attention had no preferential treatment.
On the other hand it is important to remember that the union of the judiciary, which is on the left is not the only union of judges, and that he is in the minority.
That a minister with such commitment to support the unions shows the extent to which they can be useful.
@ MCR The union that you quote is perhaps a minority among the judges, but its influence is great at the Chancellery, it is not a secret.
Now one wonders if the "mission" of some of the judges is no more dirty rather than educate.
@ gus - You should be happy, the DM is in the minority.
What you are complaining about you?
@ Peony: You forget that the judges are not civil servants like any other: They are the only ones who have the power to impeach and imprison the all-a-each.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants was ever?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I believe that even the most insane of fame hungry realizes that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career, then I would be surprised if someone accepts their offer.
Many have used it as a springboard to start a career success.
The One Direction fill the stadiums around the world.
Others were then sold a lot of records, or are left to the West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programs, launched Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is one of the jurors.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Céline Dion, Cliff Richard, all have made the Eurovision contest, like so many others.
While others, such as Frank Sinatra and all the rest have participated in competitions in the United States.
In the 1970s and 1980s, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks threw most of the light entertainment stars of British television.
Of course, some have fallen into oblivion.
But this is what happens in any case most of the stars who do not participate in the competition.
There are few who, after a tube, manage to do the other.
In any case, most of the singers / groups can at best hope three albums and a best of.
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever her name, did the fans in the UK.
His fame comes in part from her marriage to a footballer who breathes through her mouth.
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson.
That can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career than the typical path of rock, even if in your dreams you think all climate to guitar who smoke grass in the garage of their father and release three agreements on a poem is bound to become primary school level of stars and that the only question is how much they want to touch before you even get an album.
And worse than ridiculous: It creates a completely artificial distance between the Western public and the people studied - which turns away pretty quickly to racism, because the ethnologists sacralistes we have these people away as infinitely superstitious and ritual steeped in bigotry, whereas most of their ways of doing things are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours, practical considerations on a daily basis.
Except that you interpret unwisely in the opposite direction.
Either, but rather than saying that the drum is devoid of sanctity, is it not better to admit that our Marianne and dieting have not also a sacred character a bit?
Our bias is as recalled seeing the sacred as a sort of defined purpose and limited to the religious sphere.
Very interesting article in any case.
It is the casual staff to fill the vacuum.
Nothing more.
Superb article, thank you.
The recent Panthéonisation illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the sense of sacred is still alive.
Who still believes in the interpretations of the archaeologists!
Any other discipline would cast aside interpretations not at all scientists who last for the life of a Mandarin, rarely less.
When has a comparative critique of the disciplines for a bit?
Because what is true for archaeology also applies to the interpretations that give the other disciplines.
It would be a healthy dose of modesty.
Your contempt for the archaeologists is quite wrong!
It is thanks to them that we are constantly finding treasures, precious testimonies to reconstruct history, understanding of societies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is exciting.
This method is not very old and archaeologists previously relied on their "instinct" and their knowledge, and could be wrong.
These days there are technical and scientific means so powerful that the explanation of the excavation is better but can still be called into question by other discoveries!
It is here in full (and old) polemic on shamanism advanced by Jean Clottes prehistorian (see his book, "The shamans of prehistory," particularly the re-expanded edition of the scientific controversy, published by La Maison des Roches).
Thank you for this article very informative
The straight men like anal sex?
For you, Mike, I could put it.
So it's over between us?
I do not really understand Why can't we continue to three?
This is supposed to be a serious newspaper, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play on that.
We would not be able to watch a musical that on the other hand, that it would be too gay!
One could expect to have this kind of comment from you.
It looks like Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Since your offer to test is almost over, can I suggest you move to the Catholic Times.
I'm sure you will feel more at home.
He prefers to mikedow.
May I suggest that we are all a newspaper that pays real journalists, brave, for they write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc. at their peril.
Rather than making aloud with these childish jokes of ass.
Not very clever.
Are you going to do then.
If these "jokes of childish ass" offend you so much, you are not obliged to participate, isn't it?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola, and that it is quite possible to do both, and to publish an article about anal sex?
Is it the subject that offends you, or the fact that people are joking?
However there is the amateur video of the crash on the net...
Amateur video of the crash on the net...??
If the FOM chose not to show these images it is only to protect its interests, in any case, those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots would have left the safety because at the time or another vehicle tow truck (for example) was on the circuit.
But he had to finish quickly before the typhoon which we knew that it was coming, but for which the FOM has not seen fit to bring forward the time of departure (TV rights, pub, money...).
But apart from that they are protecting the pilots.
Well seen, I also share this view.
But there is also that if the very british FOM brings the SC, it will allow Nico Rosberg to have to restart a chance to beat the English, which was then...
You unleash on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But it doesn't matter, I have a little time to flush out all your c * * * * * *.
No, just not.
There has been a lot of conspiracies in F1, but never one that puts the Commissioners in danger of death to a distant history of the possibility of victory of a pilot at the expense of another.
It is not the FOM leaving the safety because it is the FIA.
Size nuance.
In the light of the amateur images, the absence of image, above all, to the FIA to avoid embarrassing questions like: How is it that the Commissioner is a green flag in the middle of a speech, and continues to do so after the accident (see the full video after the accident)
No, it is not because the video is deemed to be too violent that the FIA is blocking the images of the accident but because there is clearly one of the Commissioners waved a green flag, a sign that the race can return to normal and that there is more under the regime of yellow flag.
Some of the comments show a dark méconaissance of F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is no longer under the regime of yellow flag AFTER the scene of the accident, hence the green flag waved.
It is the usual procedure.
The position of commisaires just downstream of the accident (as the case may be, it can be both 10mètres 100 metres after the accident) is the green to tell the pilots to return to a normal pace.
Sensationalism to sell out of the pub.
Before I thought the media were an integral part of the "patriotic" propaganda offensive from the government, but I am afraid that, in the end, it's just for the money.
And sex, let us not forget the sex, the fear of not having a sex life, the pub and the media are good for us to sell things to improve our sex life.
News are doing exactly the same thing.
To make the buzz with news of which there is really no need to worry about is just to scare a lot of people to be able to continue to control them.
"When the tabloids cough about Ebola, we all fear," It should be "go off the rails," not "cough."
Given the medical reference, "cough" is much better said in this context that "derailing."
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola could spread by air to realize that they now believe in evolution?
You make them too much honour.
They probably think that this is the end of the world, and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalypse.
Ebola is the Antichrist!!
You are confusing Ebola and Murdoch...
Great article, thank you!
A short and concise article which ridicules nicely and firmly this pseudo-despicable journalism.
It was a good laugh.
I find it depressing that the media talk about most things with this optimism upside down.
The goal is once again to keep us frightened and anxious enough (without arriving at the hysteria) to enable the government to make us go awry when he needs it.
I think it is perfectly logical that, if we have to undergo an emergency budget in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of any proven cases?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that he himself has invented.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations on this post, and to still be in this world almost 35 years later.
In addition at the beginning it must have been horrible, given the context of the 1980-90.
I am bluffing, live with the confidence to spend for years.....
Testimony completely useless.
As always when we talk about science.
Not only the testimony of no use - taken in isolation, they cannot be used for scientific material.
But they have a negative influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
@ traffic: The evidence cannot be used for scientific material.
Perhaps it is for this reason that it fails to ask questions of the psychiatric patients when there are reliable observations from relatives.
My psychiatric records mentioned that my mother psychiatrist explained that telepathically I was brought up by his mother-in-law.
This is therefore a symptom.
When I say that it is rubbish, it is a subjective testimony immaterial.
Ah, because the certificate of a fact (= here this testimony, which attests to the contamination and effectiveness of new treatments) serves no purpose in a scientific approach?
On what do you base the research, then?
On fantasies?
You are at the same level of fanciful theories and facts (= giving rise to verifiable evidence)?
"Resilience": The word bogus idolized by grandmothers, fans of J-L Delarue, which will make for great psychologists after reading The ansembourg.
@ Jim: There are plenty of meaningless buzzwords among shrinks.
Cyrulnik gave us the scope of the "resilience."
As is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that we will have cobbled together a reliable measure for measure, this famous resilience.
I wonder if the Sentinels of the air could save us from Farage and company??
It doesn't make you think about Team America?
Seriously, this is * not * a good idea to highlight the Sentinels of the air...
, and why?
It was a brilliant series, and it seems that those who are aware of it!
So let our salvation to the almighty who can work miracles.
But how are they going to do to ensure that children hanging?
The only solution that comes to my mind is the kind of humour pee-caca, which would kill the series.
It was already a series for children.
Children hung them.
Ah, because it is a series for children?
UKIP are working for the Mysterons.
So, keep your Team America.
In Supermarionation?
It will not be like that if we don't see the sons and the animation is well done.: -)
I look forward to seeing this (despite being an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea to a chain of repost the old.
The series has virtually never stopped being aired here in Australia; it's been at least 40 years that it was the one-hour episodes on Saturday and Sunday at 06: 00.
Since the advent of digital television free a few years ago, she was on one of the second-class commercial channels, and you can still see it in these times.
And in addition to the half-hour episodes now spend at 05: 30 p.m., Monday to Friday!
Okay, I'm probably a "sad" guy 60 years ago, but I don't watch this series every day!
He did not have "the Temple Mount" in or under the mosque esplanades!!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give themselves a political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
In fact, all Israeli excavations beneath and around the mosque esplanade for several decades have nothing found.
The Temple Mount, if there is it is elsewhere.
May be in Argentina??
The mountain is not wanted for the simple reason that it is the hill on which was built of the mosques.
Summit, or the Dome of the Rock, juts out in the middle of the Mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Muhammad ascended to heaven from this rock.
For Jews, it is the Mount Moriah, where Abraham fails to sacrifice his son Isaac.
At the time she was taken and contextualized, there was no propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is good to remember that on a regular basis, and they are unfortunately relayed to the government (Naftali Bennett, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, he had accepted the plan to 2 states, and has scuttled continuously!).
It is also good to show how the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful.
God he will be able to recognise his own?
The shortest of the Jewish joke: "Thank God!"
For we brag about tourism in Israel, we are often shows young half-undressed naiads, faint on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what we showed the advertising, as we can see on the photo illustrating the article.
It's been a little afraid anyway.
And this photo is a wonderful piece of propaganda!
It is a pity that the photographer for Reuters photo has not taken the hundreds of Palestinians are allowed to come back on the Temple Mount and who prefer relly Jewish worshippers below, praying at the Western Wall.
@ Mat, If this photo disturbs you, that is, quite rightly, it is neither the paper nor the photographer, but this woman and the ideology that it transmits that should be condemned.
This system is not sustainable and will end in tears.
The only way to put an end to this system, it is the revolution.
Now that the economy appears to be a spin, large companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have managed to convince their employees they are lucky to have a job, and they cannot afford to increase wages, while at the same time and without hiding, they have produced ever larger salaries to the small elite at the top.
You are right, it is not tenable, but that will not change in this country that when the workers really speak with one voice.
Rather than whinge and moan when someone else is doing the strike, support them, show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not just about their problems, but also shows to your employer that you don't boring people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case, if it is sustainable.
I totally agree.
The only thing you forgot is that the British and American companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where the social and environmental conditions are the worst.
As, for example, China and India.
All of this may not end well.
It is because we are in a democracy that it held.
Have you voted in favour of the TTIP?
The trans-Atlantic Partnership for Trade and Investment (TTIP) aims to increase the profits of companies owned by these people bypassing national governments through the secret tribunals.
It seems incredible, but that is exactly what is the mechanism for resolving disputes between investors and States (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against it and trying to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we are starting to talk about it in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement, therefore, look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated behind your back.
Churchill did he not say "blood, sweat and tears"?
That is what makes an excellent benefits, while the digital money has no reason to fall, let alone grow on trees.
The next weak link is likely to be the car market.
This man is right, in the 18th century there were trade unions in all regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Let there (well, his officers, the other, no one knows anything) believe the safe of eternal values of France, and she will fight and will close his mouth.
And then, with the decline of the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: The dissolution of the idea of Nation, to have this small relic, it is comforting.
Even for her, it is becoming more and more uncomfortable...
You are still missing the sindicat smade men married, single, married women, single, lost dogs, and I don't know what yet
If you do not write correctly the Frenchman, I am syndicate.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defence of vested interests, it is already well enough protected professions with trade unions, which created a breach of equality with other citizens.
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of risk on the part of a civil servant.
It is perfectly possible to imagine a system that ensures a certain freedom of expression without unions, or without the right to strike, as in Germany, in exchange for the protection they enjoy.
If not disaster.
And with the carts that are preparing, the government welcomes it.
Security what are you talking about?
Indeed ignorance...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I was referring to the military and other officials, since it is the subject here commented on...
Delete "through its delegates" in Article 8 of the preamble to the Constitution of 1946.
It will be: "8.
Every worker is participating in the collective determination of working conditions, as well as the management of companies. "
This is absolutely essential with the eruption of the power of information.
And yet you have opened, presumably read and commented on an article specifically entitled "The Great British Bake Off review."?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought it was necessary to start the conversation.
In any case it is the wedding of Joffrey that I watched, and I can tell you that some people have been well seasoned.
In the episode of the wedding of Joffrey was one of the best moments (albeit misleading: It was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, the pie.... whouaa
Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely, the show ends with a victory of the baker the least worst; no one has done like "boom, that's my fucking cake now bouffez and bow to your master"!
Perhaps the extra pressure from friends and relatives outside has finally had an effect for them?
The previous weeks, all these people outside were held on the sidelines.
And there is also this idea of "play security, there is always next week," which disappears in the last week.
I like to cook but I don't imagine that inflict on me.
I am grateful to those who do it and we are offering a great entertainment and leads us to try new things.
Forward to GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge of last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
The professionals are usually days to make them and they had to cobble together in one in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to separate, I don't know how they have been able to choose a winner.
For Luis, the only true if they were able to find it was the basis of a little dry (even though I agree with Hollywood to say that the green icing on the mill of Richard did not want, in any case, Richard had already lost at that time).
I have to say that a number of challenges in this series seems a little artificial because of the time limit.
There is also the cancer that lurks, with the solar wind blows.
Obviously, everything we can at this time.
A bad time to go for humanity, we hope.
You are confusing solar wind and ultraviolet rays.
The UV is blocked primarily by the ozone layer which is formed by the impact of the residual solar wind particles and UV.
So even though the magnetic field is weakening, there wouldn't be enough solar wind to "hunt" ozone in the stratosphere.
There would be even more, and therefore less UV and "cancers."
Thank goodness the ozone layer does not block the UV.
They have a lot of useful functions that you don't suspect.
If it is limited to the man they have the benefit of allowing us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), unless the infra-red (heat), to adjust our immune system and, apparently, to improve our morale.
The ozone layer is blocking the carcinogenic UVC and lets the UVA and UVB most.
You know that you are not obliged to be condescending and consider your interlocutor as a left when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor detail that was implied in the commentary, which itself intends to show pedagogy.
Not to say that I am a habitué of melanoma, the UV merely acceler its development.
They don't PROMPT.
For proof: All the people who have not necessarily embracement of melanoma.
Or, when a doctor tells you that we need to avoid the sun and live at the bottom of a cave, it is better not to listen to because the UV is necessary for all human beings.
The excess, on the other hand, it is like any other: It kills.
But for other reasons.
Ultraviolet radiation causes directly melanoma.
Est-ce qu'on peut le bend?
And, most importantly, we can move on to the blender?
Or move to the blender...
I believe that the majority of those who are interested have established that anything can be folded if there is sufficient strength and robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the purpose for which it is intended.
I think the army would need something more resilient and thus did not yet adopted the iPhone6 as communications equipment in the front line.
But for the rest of us,
It's still a good choice.
The majority of those who are interested have established that anything can be folded if there is sufficient force
Except a Nokia 3310.
More specifically, is it already bent?
We made this joke in every discussion.
I have decided to count them.
It is the fourth joke about bending that I have read in the comments today.
It is hard to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Prior to that specific software is installed, one imagines that the phone has been removed from the main production line and it is hard to see how it could come back to it.
So, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...........
The most likely scenario is that it is a unit of production on which the iOS has not been properly installed, and which is therefore stuck with the code of test factory installed.
I don't know at all how they do these things.
But, do they would test software on all?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the lack of FCC logo or EC and the presence of a prototype red connector.
Ah the article for Bobo par excellence.
We want cheap products, and are surprised that the industry in "industrial" It puts forward super u but all signs and even small businesses are concerned, How do we eat good, bio with 1650 €(average wage in france)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small salary.
After everyone is free to set its priorities where he sees fit.
For my part the food is one of them.
Go no hard feelings, I embrace you
We call ailments, or better boboécolos, people who see the world through a "ideological" software, which leads them to disconnect from reality.
It is the total unbundling thought-reason.
They are experts in posturing, for example, claim to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
He is also hypocritical experts, with the gauche-caviar, which they are sometimes come from, for example, in condemning the release of CO2 while on holiday in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not support this mixture of cloddishness ideology and hypocritical, too, don't be surprised to meet often criticism about them.
This, thank you for that comprehensive and exhaustive theory as well as for all the details involved (plane, shower...).
I'd like to be part of, but I don't find.
The concept is not so complicated.
The one-piece boboécolos are.
You have understood the concept of the gauche-caviar?
And while you are able to understand the concept of boboécolo.
It is the perfect copy with just a nuance ideology.
The classification would be more complicated if we are interested in green at all.
The boboécolo is part of it, but is only the most visible part of the green, because it is the one that infests the media.
This is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, no one wants to watch this giraffe in front.
She is so badly done it vaguely resembles a female nude.
Shh, you are the side of the plate.
We need to be part of the microcosm of the art to understand the stunning beauty of truth of this work.
But you are simply no legitimacy to make a comment, because you have not spent countless decades to study and flatter great artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin does not know draw and always seem to be obsessed with the same subject.
The important thing is that it has really succeeded in becoming fabulously rich and famous in with no artistic ability.
That is the art of * *.
No, it is of the pig.
The fact that Emin does not know draw
That is not really a fact.
Rather, it is an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate this is realistic reproductions of dogs who smoke while playing billiards.
Judge the art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Draw, it is much more than simply represent the real.
If you don't want that, a camera will do.
The author also speaks of expressionism of Emin.
Look again and let the pictures speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of drawing that you prefer perhaps.
If it is so easy, why don't you yourself?
There are still enough to make savings: The activities of horse-riding, the number of horses of the Republican Guard or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service....
(The honesty to say that France is declining in numbers, but as has been done in all countries, sometimes even more drastic way, starting with Britain.
It is only half-encouraging...
The running without the support, it'll soon find its limits!
A singular approach, at a time when we are seeing the weaknesses, the shortcomings of our defence tool, especially in the Sahel.
A blow to the local authorities concerned, who are losing an aspect of their activities, or even a part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
@ edmond: That is what I was saying, look elsewhere where to save money, but certainly not for me, for me this really is not possible...
That is exactly what you are proposing to do, look elsewhere where the waste is certain.
That all those who have worked with more or less the military thing dare to say here, the eyes in the eye that there isn't money wasted in this area without bursting into laughter...
Applying the same potion to the whole of the civil service and the public finances will go a bit better.
And for Josi: Really reloud: Look at the inflation of the public sector jobs in other departments and you will understand why La Défense may feel a bit responsible for!
Yeah, the savings on which everybody agrees that we need to have them, although it is to be somewhere, isn't it?
Lack of pot, those on whom it falls moan to the murder when it happens at home, the poor darlings.
What needs to be done but above all I do not fall over because, in this case, it is a crime, not an economy.
Gunman, goes!
How close the Val de Grace will weaken our defence tool in the Sahel?
As for local communities, the story is repeated at each station closures, maternity, hospital, fire station.
But everyone is for the economies of course.
It is bizarre, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and not pleased of the savings in public expenditure.
This article is really the most amazing thing I've ever read!
That embarrassing moment when the first three people who comment on doing the same bad joke.
It is depressing to scroll through his Facebook thread and see that 80% of his friends have started their status by the phrase "This embarrassing moment."
I think they are going to make it into a movie.
Surely it will be based on the hilarious scenes where someone stumbled upon her ex on the bus on the way to work and realise just where her skirt is tucked into his trousers.
It's not embarrassing, it is completely stupid.
Not really, in my opinion the author adopts the role of the typical British man who was always learned to bury his emotions and bite the bullet.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return on stage after 25 years of absence was something strong.
Do you realize that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to see who has the rights?
I don't have "the Internet."
I do not think, therefore, not be able to comment on.
Not having a computer.
My god, I need to track this film before I die!
I can't believe how much this article is the most amazing thing I've ever read!
Charlie really has to show that he is at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe that is the satirical journalism!
I fell backwards!
It is imperative that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter for they have finally enlightenment and discover the incredible improved and unsurpassed genius who emerges from the keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine light.
Good god, it was really zero.
Especially if it is neither women nor transvestites.
I am a parasite.
It shows a positive change within democracies: The rise of regional policies and effective community initiatives.
Until further notice, we forfeit the right to save our planet by states who are the hypocrites at each meeting in order to save the planet.
So we, the citizens, to take matters into their own hands.
With the Commissioner that they planted to energy, all of these beautiful recommendations have soared....
Translate: Wind turbines and solar farms are the Rond points tomorrow.
All financed by the con- tribuable.
I beg you stop this pro-nuclear.
The pollution is not limited to the CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful to the level of its waste, and in the event of an accident.
As long as that the industry is not controlled in its entirety, it is best to limit it to the laboratories.
Renewables are our only salvation, provided of course, drastically reduced our consumption.
The electricity by renewables to combat CO2 emissions?
France is in no way involved.
Nuclear power is zero emissions of CO2 production and epsilon for the other stages.
Renewable electricity from PV or wind is already more GHG emissions on the other stages and, above all, gas, coal or worse, as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittency.
Replace the renewable's nuclear or wind PV would run counter to the fight against CO2.
I don't insult Christial I'm a Ph.D. in physical sciences, 1981, in addition I researched in nuclear physics, I challenge you to prove lez opposite of what I said.
For what I did not say it is you who lend me ideas I have nothing to say about Germany is nothing, in fact, anything you have not responded to what I was saying, and like all right-wing people to demolish the listener I never do.
I quote the conclusion of experts appointed by the German Government: The current programme of Germany of renewable energy is a non-profitable and inefficient way to reduce GHG emissions and should be stopped.
0 emissions if you don't count uranium mining and construction, and if you don't count the water vapor greenhouse gas emissions of any effect that Co2 it is true reminder for two-thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant in water vapour and a little water in rivers.
I stopped reading when you spoke of Pakistan as a "giant of South Asia..."!!
The last time, Pakistan has won against the Hindustan.
It does not surprise me, most of the Indians who post comments don't want to read and comment on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your state of mind. "
It would have been like if they had qualified India of South Asia's giant...
I have nothing against the fact that some players are involved in Pakistan, but have a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would be simply to open a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafiosi.
With regard to the ISL, the opening match of today has been surprisingly interesting, Athletico de Kolkata by 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan has still a long way to go.
Compared to the billions and billions that India spends on cricket in the IPL and now football, how can we possibly one day to compete with our "noisy neighbours"...
The race to the low-cost launcher will pay cash.
Pity for such a wonderful project.
For the incident, the eventual design defect only manifests itself with a helium too cold.
It is, therefore, may not be in a design defect, but implementation...
Unlike arianespace, which is a private company, it does seem that soyouz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same as here the state is its own insurer.
Maybe they are going to pay for the frigates, satellites, who knows..
This is all the more unfortunate that many media looping back just the titles of articles - and that many readers don't hold these securities.
In total it creates a false impression to the contrary to the content of the article itself.
Totally agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it unfairly puts into question the project even though it is only a problem with the launcher.
