The remained of UKIP who refuse those living with HIV are a perfect example.
You speak of when Nigel Farage said that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the UK to do health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he answered yes when the interviewer asked specifically whether people living with HIV are included in the folder.
First you are using specious arguments, then you discredit them by a thinly veiled homophobia.
Every time that I or my family have need of the NHS, we have to queue behind intolerant chronic hypocondrie who think that everything is due to them.
I think it is you who are using specious arguments.
The health tourism, as defined by the lunatic right, hardly exists.
I believe that this is what is called democracy.
Then nobody would be affected by the measures of UKIP against the health tourism, therefore there is no problem.
It was only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell may appear as a revolutionary.
A quote from a dishcloth is not proof.
So yes, shoot the messenger.
The Mail did not write the report, he made that comment.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for having spread such a populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I don't think you know what that is a specious argument.
You don't know anything of my personal situation or of my identity, then you should be careful when you are trying to kill the debate by accusations of homophobia.
The sentence of Farage has surprised many, but only because it so rarely speak of this problem.
He made absolutely no homophobic remark.
He'll have to leave it up to you to succeed.
I am not quite sure where you are going with this, but I guess you don't like when the media speak of what you don't like.
We are talking about it so rarely because unlike Farage and his lunatic followers of Thatcher who think that AIDS and flooding are a sign of god and not a reflection on their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity are something good, then not.
Finally the situation is bad in Ireland and Spain.
With the new crisis comes during the period of austerity will have nothing arranged.
Hoping for almost 5% growth in 2015 is a big joke.
Ireland, the "TIGRE OF EUROPE" we vantait-on, a few years ago.
It was known the rest!
This recommmence has read this article.
It is trying to make us believe that Ireland is a country virtuous and that a "NEW ECONOMIC MIRACLE" is in the process of happening.
With the agreement of Brussels, and taxes on the lowest in Europe, a walk, a very flexible labour emigration continues.
With these ingredients not what "complacency" for the time being with the arrival of the Poles.
In the 1980s the irlance vingtieme century, was one of the poorest countries of the union, along with Portugal. In a perimetre wasnt enough room, without the constant nouveauy countries, the situation is still better than it was.
The large family house was in front.
That was their Car is not a long quiet river, it is in the light of the recent events.
Rates of taxes the lowest in Europe?
That is wrong!
Latvia has a rate of 0% in taxes on businesses.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France from the MR. policies on taxes paid by multinationals.
According to a report released in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only SMEs pay full lot.
Now I can confirm that the road traffic is enormous, and there are new cars (and beloved) has all the corners of the streets, exactly as before the crisis of 2008.
I saw a Dublin for 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily caps since the blast.
This is supposed to be of business news?
Don't worry, I'm sure the comments will soon ignite.
In another article they're in the process of writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are involved in a fender bender on the A140.
Does Ryanair now has to transfer the passengers on a flight to another in this manner?
I think that Mr O'Leary will soon buy a whole new fleet of aircraft, so a few dents and scratches on the old will be quickly forgotten.
That said I fly with him next week, then I hope that this won't be on one of these two once rafistolés.
Then that would be entirely the fault of the other driver.
Is it that Ryanair has done to the passengers pay extra for the additional fear that it was willing to provide them?
But without this kind of Irish companies, you couldn't afford to go on holiday, young man
I have never taken Ryanair and the last 3 times that I got on the plane that was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers a quality service.
No, but this is Ryanair, then they can for meals.
Any article about Ryanair triggered dozens of comments from people who would never do Ryanair in the place of those who like to take Ryanair and think that those who pay anything other that the base rate will only have themselves to blame, etc.
It's pretty transparent.
Ryanair will not be happy with the extra cost due to this incident.
I wonder what will be the delay and whether it will have to compensate passengers and, if this is the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was an error by air traffic controllers in the airport.
The passengers were put on another plane in less than an hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
I'm sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation.
Welcome aboard this British Airways flight which takes the English ISIS in Syria, not true as you say.
Bon voyage
Last Sunday in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: the Marais is largely pedestrianized, and determines the world.
People do not come in droves to the quality of the restaurants (any kind, for the most part) or for the Salon de la revue at the Espace of Blancs-Manteaux (hyper-intellectuel and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd is that the stores are all open and that the neighborhood is incredibly vivid and lively.
With many foreigners who spend...
Do you believe that the opening of Sunday will created jobs?
Go to a Paris Rue des Francs Bourgeois where the shops are open on Sunday, crammed with world with 50% of tourists.
@aloes False!
The only argument that would seem to me to be admissible is one of the areas receiving a significant number of foreign tourists and it is coloured by the fact that they buy in détaxe.
The tourist areas are losing each year a considerable volume of sales turnover for the same reasons.
The industry remains expensive, where facilities operated on Sunday nights, allow it to lower the price.
The Sabbath is a right enjoyed by, with some exceptions, the employees.
That's why it is planned and regulated by the Labour Code.
Neither the Minister of Economy, nor, for that matter, that of Foreign Affairs, does not have the least authority to reform the labour code.
While the curls.
The law is what?
Has a portion of the population and businesses who want to work on Sundays.
In Montreal on Sunday afternoon I take my grandchildren to the municipal library.
In my City of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France the municipal library is open 4 days a week but not the superb!
This is the access to culture...
And it is this also the regulation of working times.
The way of life that he has defended tenaciously against fascism
The way of life that he has defended tenaciously against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the succession of his daughter was, against his will, use it to pay for the costs of succession?
There are paintings.
Some are good, others not so terrible.
Without doubt that his succession would want their piece of the pie, if you will forgive the expression.
His preference for a victory of the Nationalists/Franco in the Spanish Civil War...
And its hostility to independence in places like Ireland and India and its fascist ideas together and add as well known for his hatred of the Jews.
Churchill wasn't perfect.
Me either.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, he has been perfect.
In 1940 he has stood up to the government's other aristos who wanted to discuss a "agreement" with the Nazis and it has very cleverly won.
Thanks to its beautiful rhetoric and energy, he has united the country in the idea that fighting the fascists was the only way to win.
The inhabitants of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium, and in the end, the world can thank god to have had for the past five years, just these five years, Churchill at the helm and nobody else.
The greatness of Churchill has nothing to do with this discussion.
Their descendants are selling the paintings on the open market to raise the cash costs of succession, they might even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire a in a museum, they bring together the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use tax money.
No one can deny that, when it was "the moment of truth", the personality of Churchill was a positive advantage for his country during the Second World War.
A relaunch of the internal market by public works will favor the large corporations, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, the shipyards of infrastructure being by definition bit renewable.
As for the social reforms advocated by the minister, they reflect the true evil francai: s distrust of the dialogue
Return to the values princeps.
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
That the weakest of us not to be in need!
Either severally we come to his aid, either, he LAW in exchange for the services that it renders or made to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer the mia "corresponds to this vision.
There is also the landlord who lives of revenues to its properties.
There is reason to differentiate one who invests for a return at the time of his retirement, and the one who lives by its annuities.
To rent a property or two for a couple on top, it is a vice
The little genius of Finance a singular lack of imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major works, but at a time of deficit in major infrastructure.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
The developed countries are suréquipés.
The need for infrastructure is marginal, therefore, in a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the issue of decreasing emerged in response to a recession that is so brutal that a decrease in wild
You would have been right there 30 years ago: most need (or opportunities) of coal mines, dams, highways...
But if we want to make the future less harsh climato-énergétique shock, then, the need for investment is shouting: insulation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, transport and storage of energy etc...
A tax system that encourages high earners and pensioners.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a scamp.
Profits from Samsung are undermined by the iPhone 6 and its competitors of the same range
The introduction of September by Apple ™ of bigger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus has attracted buyers who might otherwise have bought a Galaxy
I have tried all these phones and I am determined for the LG G3.
So Samsung has lost me as a customer, but not to the benefit of Apple.
I think that it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft has implemented this philosophy, we have experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple and the open source community.
We need to have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
In addition we all have different needs and they can only be satisfied by a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For myself, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy, and I appreciate the design.
Some people attach no value to the design, for them the options, functionality and price.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Stop looking for "a best platform".
Is there a "best car manufacturer", not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a booming mobile industry, with radically different approaches to people and different markets.
This is healthier and must be encouraged.
It is in all our interests.
I am pleased that you found what you were looking for and that this is not an Apple product, even if I have made a different choice.
Most people I know have iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontistes who according to one of them fought the ideas and not men (on the contrary, many on Parisian Bohemians) could they tell us what the number (s) of the author (s) they are fighting the ideas on gender and show us the books that they hear precisely to combat.
Or are they just in kind such as described in Le Figaro, Minute or Actuelles Values?
Are their sources Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Hey, John, I love you, and you are someone clever and cultured.
I said it on Judith in the vein of Holopherne, evoking Furusato rapprochement that do not come to me (I do not have his alertness).
Otherwise, in the "background", since you will return, I am not interested in this topic, and frankly I do not see where the problem is: I was hoping that you and your friends could pull me out of my backwardness, because I'm slow but I understand...
@ John: recognize that, culturally, referring to Judith Holopherne, that's the fact.
Who's afraid wondered the World?
But what we are afraid of those who are afraid?
@ Furasato and give us some answers.
The first by invoking the Judith from the Bible, the second by referring to Judith Butler drip-feed very symbolic of throat.
We have seen how much these studies are the most private home.
We are obviously more in the discussion of the idea.
That is something else, far more profound.
@ Have you read, John, that the World has published an article on the necessity of theology?
@: when it comes to a debate of idea I thought it was appropriate to go to sources.
Pretend fight ideas starting only exposed by their detractors (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Theory of the Genus or X Lacroix, theologian) does not seem to me to be very rigorous.
But hey, as I was explaining to our friend umpfrontiste it is the difference between having an informed opinion, and a mere opinion.
I am not sure, incidentally, that it is understood the nuance.
I have not read Judith, the trenching machine very symbolic of throat, I contented myself of the "Second Sex" (it was more of my time) which is I believe the source of the 'the source' according to the wishes of Lo.
When I was watching the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds are open.
This sudden appearance of the moon red was his charm and offset somewhat the disappointment of having the sometimes blocked by clouds.
It was amazing here in FNQ.
Yes, the cloud of last night bound really the coast from Victoria and NSW, while most of the rest of Australia had a clear weather.
Special Flash blood moon.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey make the Labor responsible.
But if the Labour accepts our unfair budget, we will in its true colour as soon as possible.
It obsesses you, no?
I was in Melbourne then of course I have not seen that from the clouds.
Melbourne has also managed to take cover during the whole week of the Perseid meteor shower and for virtually all important astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I am beginning to think that there is an evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent the people of Melbourne to see anything in the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, even if things are improving greatly on the other side of the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I couldn't see the eclipse due to clouds above the suburbs of Melbourne.
I'll put a TAX on this eclipse.
Anyone who watches this eclipse should pay a TAX.
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just as the last before you go to bed.
Who or what will you obsédera when it (inevitably) by disparaitre?
It seems that you spend a lot of time to read the discussions by seeking messages in which people criticize on the Abbott government to then accuse them of being obsessed with theys.
Superb photo of the moon above the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
It seems that Mars will collide with Earth!
Nothing on the real estate and stock market speculation.
Nothing on the inequalities of income from labour and capital.
Nothing on tax fraud.
The ultra liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing on the gardens of Babylon...
The article says too much or not enough.
The details and the arguments of these recommendations are not given.
Not a hypertext link to the original documents in order to be able to form an opinion.
Go see today Tuesday 15 October results revenue miracles: in Spain, exports are at their lowest for five years.
In Greece the stock market collapses.
Yet it seems there are the examples to follow.
The reform of the notaries generate a claim for compensation in the order of EUR 8 billion.
The Ministry of Economy said that these claims are unfounded.
What about in the case of error of the department of economics?
Policy makers who have achieved the political benefits as a result of the courageous attack notaries will they have the same courage during the presentation of the invoice to the budget of the state?
Later on in his time.
OK, thank you, JYL....
@lol No state is not comparable to households in relation to the management of its budget because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite while the price of household is bordered by the life of its members.
In addition, at least to consider that public spending is unproductive, they contribute to the financing of material and immaterial investment guarantees for the growth of tomorrow and therefore future revenue.
A few elements of response.
An unfortunate decision.
But remember the Hippocratic oath sacred: the health of the profits of pharmaceutical companies in the world must be preserved before everything.
Nice conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not fit your fantasy.
The medical staff would be able to use it, but they have their hands are tied by the law as written by politicians.
It's the same situation as for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgical interventions, the shoot secure rooms for drug users rather than to the streets, etc.
On these issues the politicians want to make fun of the ignorant masses.
In fact, doctors don't earn money with the drugs.
That's why there are pharmacists.
Doctors do not earn money with the drugs Given that the Liberals want our health system is similar to that of the United States, you should find out about how it works.
Everywhere in the world doctors are courted in the same way, but that is more or less visible.
It was perhaps badly worded to put the blame on toubibs, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, gave priority to the profits of companies and to the "research".
Read the few reports on our expenses of Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and the negotiations with pharmaceutical companies, compared to other countries.
Compare the prices of medicines exist everywhere, as well as the differences from one country to another on what is over-the-counter or prescription only.
This reinforces it is a political process and economic process, not a medical or scientific, direct or indirect.
In fact some businesses are at this very moment of testing on the puffs of marijuana against the pain, oncology, in spite of the laws that the slow and expensive permits.
Although manufacturers of certain drugs may not be happy that we use alternatives such as marijuana, those who reach a version offering good quality products at doses known will benefit hugely from this.
Sorry to tell you madam but you are wrong, a lot is happening behind the scenes to doctors and pharmacy.
As for this hospital, they were happy to use it until someone put the chip in the ear of a responsible of this hospital.
You can't DETAIN patents on the grass...
If the "scientists" were in social science research instead of making policy and of networking, maybe we could use their "work".
A researcher survey, it does not compare one to another.
Comparing is not picked up.
Compare this to the pedagogy is not research.
You can't say "research is complete to apply it" and then in the same jet "we must experiment all around".
If your research are dealt with why experiment?
If your research are not dealt with why you ask that we apply them?
Can you explain to me how a "researcher" may imply that a student who cannot assimilate math alone could assimilate more easily mathematics and other subjects?
New technologies have to learn on the condition that the students learn to use new technologies, but how would they learn new technologies if they do not know how to learn?
The pisa tests are only an indicator are doing an indicator which will allow us to find indicators that we are satisfactory.
What is the point of building an indicator which informs you of what suits you, a desire for self promotion, a deception?
Only one track to train teachers: away from the training the sophists and ideologues and that practitioners teaching practitioners.
Fabrice re-read the paragraph on the internships (which unfortunately is not very argued) and you will see that your conclusion is pushing us to the conservatism of the more ineffective: "it is a device which led to the reproduction of the practices in force, and which fails to advance the system".
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system you cannot wish that only practitioners teaching practitioners, even if they have any place in a modern training of teachers
The theorists of education should have no place.
Practitioners must have one.
Would you want to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and who has never set foot in an operating theatre before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the educational system.
Give more weight to the theorists of education, this would destroy it forever.
Your analogy is totally crappy: if I don't like to be operated on by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training, I would like me even less to operate by a surgeon who has no formal training and who has learned on the job.
Mike Weatherley, the Tory MP in charge of the fight against copyright infringement by David Cameron
Why do we not simply says to Cameron to stop?
Someone should make a People's arrest.
Http: / / exmaiers thank you.
If one day I am starting to feel guilty of infringing copyright, it will suffice to read an article like this.
In an economy of information, copyright infringement = theft.
This is the same thing as they should cite their sources properly.
Often, getting a license costs nothing.
No, it's a violation of copyright law.
Not at all the same thing.
Using the content without having the proper license, you are cheating the artists of their livelihood.
You can always discuss assumptions. - but it's theft.
And you can repeat it as often as you like, it will not become so true.
It is a violation of copyright law.
Come on, say it again.
If one day I am starting to feel guilty of infringing copyright
Looks like it doesn't bother you deprive artists of their income.
If they think they should get money for pictures used in the duties of school, an almost perfect definition of what should constitute a reasonable use, then I am happy to deprive them of this fictitious income.
The lesson No. 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish on their favourite social networks, they drop any intellectual property at the site under the general conditions that they have moved from one click.
Perhaps if they share the headphones of an MP3 player with a boyfriend in the school bus, they should be expelled for violating the law in such a way.
Ah if only we could export this resource we regorgeons, the porn that says everything is going wrong....
If it is a MP PS who believes, then we must believe him.
I have 2 children and when they are of age to choose, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed in the meantime.
France draws people to the bottom in the assistant continuously.
I do not want my children to support the debt that this policy will be created.
What draws the France down, these are the speeches as yours.
@gus I work in private enterprise, and always has.
I had the OPPORTUNITY to have worked in companies led by great entrepreneurs: it exists in France, but this is rare.
I am an employee because I know that I don't have the skills to run a business and this selection allows me to demonise bosses void that I frequently found.
Comfortable in my sneakers, I fully agree with the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan: he said the awful truth!
@gus, when compared with the German companies that constantly cite French business leaders to demand reform in France, Germany, the companies were able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular by ensuring the link between large companies and small and medium-sized - What French bosses expect to do the same??
That the state their hand to be held?
This State they accuse of incompetence?
@ Jacques L.
This verse still anti business leaders on your part!
Remind me, what have you created as employment, as added value, to be so severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, France is faced with an insoluble problem: the incompetence of the French business leaders are incapable of creating jobs and sulk and minaudent pending permanent handouts from the State!
It's terrible!
But they have solutions: deletion of the Labour Code, employers' contributions, taxes, work 45h / week paid 35, and some, walking on eggs, dare to claim the reduction in wages if not scrapping them!
I look forward to seeing all the "negative" comments about this subject.
Which is ironic given the way people always complain of First Group.
From what I can see from where I am, Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers.
They tried to stay afloat, rather than transform.
It doesn't mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since that Last in charge.
But they were also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately we do not have the power to do this, unfortunately.
I tried to get them recently, but I was not successful.
But hey, the Labour Party will we draw of boredom, isn't it...
It's an international subsidiary.
They are already operating trains in Germany.
Nothing prevents people in the UK to create a company that is more moral and to take part in tenders.
But it appears that we are not very good at management, most of our privatized services end up being operated by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the Virgin contract, all just to have the decision finally cancelled.
And there's more: MTR, a society of Hong Kong has won the contract for the exploitation of Crossrail for 8 years.
Well the Labour Party, as they repeated during the referendum campaign, is totally for the pooling and sharing, and believe that the workers must all help each other across borders.
One can therefore assume that they will be pleased with this decision;)
Perhaps it is because the management of the Dutch is on track, while that of the British people is not.
What ScotRail needs, this is not simply a change of ownership but especially new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad option, but the real problem is the ridiculous system of exemptions, not the franchisor.
"She was a girl pouring".
Lord, I hate it, but I really hate this kind of expression.
Even if we assume that the fact of being a "wing" is of a higher quality to many others, the concern of others, intelligence, listening, for example, the fact of being a "wing" has nothing to do with the one to survive a disease: cancer patients "champions", who are no less dead, I know of palanquées.
Out of a disease has nothing to do with merit.
We'll go again also..
I'm not saying it's THE condition for gérir, I say unto you, that this HELPS..
Nothing to do with any merit...!
When the examples in your life, there is only you to judge them.
I again.
Suggesting, if only for a moment, that there could be merit to emerge from a disease or that you can not leave démériter, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or not following suit.
A body that cowardly, from everywhere, in spite of the will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry to think otherwise, if, having a solid moral likely allows easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare to try experimental treatments, as did this woman and not reject them by fear..
Someone who is flying in medicine is, above all, someone who has confidence in medicine..
But if you prefer to rely on the "lord" is another thing..
Neither with the deserved nor with the courage.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch your dirt, a real one, tu te fais strip to the point of being nothing more than a zombie.
Personally, I got two, of dirt, of coarse, and if I am "beat" as psychologists say these purposes, it has completely escaped me.
Unless this fight is only to bite the bullet, to suffer and to hell with the punches.
I thought the accusation against Milosevic had been decided on and finalised it had ten years ago.
I haven't seen that name in the papers for at least that long.
What's happening there?
It's an anniversary.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial had been conducted "swiftly" and then swept under the carpet.
Was this the story that was told at the time?
The Communist Party has become a nationalist who started three wars in the Balkans over the last decade?
The communist president of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, ask, therefore, what has been deliberately left out: 1.
How the NATO bombing could be legal under LA MOINDRE rule of international law?
Which country has it attacked Serbia?
About RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why not do that NATO has destroyed the building, killing civilians, and then treated as a valid target.
Milosevic had no way out of it: if he did not defend his country against attacks by NATO, he would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he did, it would be swallowed by the Western compressor one-bedroom bungalows.
Westerners have used a smokescreen to detach a part of a sovereign state which has then unilaterally proclaimed its independence and was swiftly recognized by the Western States, who then lied and end-to-end on the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnically cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, is dead politically after his first term for not having understood the situation was developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures of the political world of the time.
In the end, the Guardian should not describe Milosevic of tyrant (even if we didn't like it).
To my knowledge there is only in Greece that a prediction method of walking about earthquakes, measuring the level in the piezoelectric quartz.
This type of study is undoubtedly useful and please do share the results.
One hopes so, but caution is required water This has nothing to do with the history of exoplanet named HAT-P-11b, located about 124 light years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, which would be "the world's smallest and the coldest of the water molecules present in detectable", according to a study conducted by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine of the University of Maryland.
Method to be followed, then.
Just like those involving animals sensing a threat coming.
Thank you load of science to regale us, often, of these experimental prowess which are carried out in the world.
How do animals know in advance (A)?
Undoubtedly by the perception of other elements whose rate is changing in case of earthquake.
As the radon for example.
A priori, odorless gas for the man but perhaps detectable by the animals.
All of these methods are undetectable to humans, but not for the measuring instruments available to it.
We do not have reliable performance on these slopes ...
It has been repeatedly observed (and for centuries) that some animals act in a strange way a few hours with an earthquake, including chickens, cows, dogs, but especially the fish and snakes.
I had seen a story about art, recounting the battle of two teams of scientists, one in California, the other Japanese, to recognize the validity of their work, which focused on the sensitivity of terrestrial animals to magnetic fields and, more particularly, their change before a seisme.
Then of course I am not a scientist but their assumptions had me convinced!
Or are we, on this research?
Why so much contempt towards this track?
We should relearn how to listen to nature ...
If you look at the things calmly and rigorously, it published in a serious journal, and nobody despises.
As soon as we speak "signs" given by the animals, it suffers the same bias: everyone will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the goldfish was bizarrely in circles.
I don't understand how you can think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much, as Mayor of London.
When you listen to the LBC programme, one cannot help thinking that this man knows nothing, and that he always try a distraction with a joke.
It never answer directly to anything.
He also said that he agreed with Farage, then the presenter Nick Ferrari asked him about what.
He has not been able to name a single point.
He has made so many promises to get elected as mayor and he hasn't held a single.
It only serves to underline how the rest of the Conservative Party is full of shit, no?
Because he's popular.
Because he's funny.
He has been in "Have I Got News For You".
Because he's a celebrity, and that has been instilled in people adoration of celebrities.
Londoners voted for him and it will be the same for the rest of the country.
When (not if) he is taking the party leadership, the popularity of the Tories will puncture the ceiling I'm sure.
Heaven help us.
I am not so sure: people like the jokes, but don't want their Prime Minister is a
This's exactly what we said Londoners.
He would have had to bring with him his friend, the smarter than him
In many ways, I think he is trying to copy R Branson
The Americans have been as President.
The French never really are and always selfless of the History of the War of the Pacific.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read a few books (they exist, including a French and excellent of B.
Millot), the "Solomon" and the "Strait of scrap metal" speak, so unfortunately that the dead who have stayed there.
It is understood that the Australians, who are aware of their (a heavy cruiser, the Australia, must always be there through the bottom since the Battle of Savo) have no desire to return.
We passed in front of the actual sum of Savo Island, in the "Iron Bottom Sound".
Even if the mission touches was his end.
It is much smaller.
But the next is a total enfumage ecolo.
Calculate the kerozene consumes for achieving the target fools the concept..
One need only read through the list of sponsors What philanthropists.
An operation of com or fact nor has more to do.
The cow, and it gives too much envy!!!
I await with impatience the websérie!
Your recit makes me dream, in identifying me a bit (I also learned to sail with the crocos of The Elorn at Le Moulin Blanc en rade de Brest!).
Also hats off to propagate the message, even if some critics described the impact of travel.
The end justifies the means.
Please continue to dream, and to show with fierte that the Bretons are avid travellers!
Stone, of Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening, I think the red bonnet who demonstrated against taxes is pleased to know that this trip is sponsored by the Region and the City of Brest in Brittany.
On a more serious note it seems to me that local authorities and other public bodies of any sort should not spend a penny of our taxes to fund the dreams of a few chancers even as friendly that there!
Are there any players in the current Serbian training who is originally from Kosovo?
I know that Dusan Bajevic at Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and now are Pizzo scored in Mitrovica, but I don't know if they are still in the team
It is the defender of Lyon, Soccernet staff not Bajevic.
Bajevic was midfield or before in the 1970s and 1980s and has led to many teams in Greece, but I don't know where it is.
Bajevic is in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and has played as a striker in the great team of Velez, who, under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman REBAC twice, finished in second place in the league of Yugoslavia (and also count as Luis Fernandez and team mate faithful of Arsène Wenger, indigenous Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Fernandez and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
It was said that it was going to become a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen it was linked to Blackburn * shudder *
There, I can't help you.
I know that he has lost his place when Conte has arrived, and then he went to the city and as far as I am aware there is no incumbent.
Perhaps he can still do something, perhaps in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, not afraid.
You should love Albania because you are neighbours.
The trick is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of the true Albania today.
Apparently it was the flag of Greater Albania, which covers all the regions where there is a significant Albanian presence.
A bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there was not too much damage (that I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the card, not the so-called Greater Albania, but Albania before 1913, when the great European powers decided to give some bits of the country to neighboring countries.
How can you have felt "an explosion of joy" in seeing two towers collapsing knowing that women, men and children are sans-doute inside?
How???
What annoys me a bit in this "evidence" is that the mere fact of having been able, if only for once, celebrate spontaneously of the horrific death of thousands of people, is in my view a personality "border line" which all the "testimony" should be taken with great caution.
No doubt that in the short time of "joy", we will not have a thought for those who died or to the reality of the horror inflicted.
It will be just thought, for a moment, that, for once, Muslims had been able to do really well on the big bad apocalyptiquement and Satan in his heart.
Has to do something powerful.
Awe-inspiring.
It would appear that this sentiment was shared by thousands of Muslims consumed by feelings of humiliation.
With testimonials filmed in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
We knew this a little.
The West 'Christian / white / Gallic "cannot measure the degree of frustration, anger, hatred of musuman when he watches the misery génèrale, the social and cultural backwardness of the Muslim of arab-berber world today.
I am talking about the suburbs of Cairo, Algiers, or not of the towers of Dubai.
The grim past splendour, certainly is not a consolation, on the contrary.
How can we escape the Muslim world of this funnel demonic?
Completely in phase 2, major poisons fertilizes the Arab world: the conservatism of the bigot and the powers in place fascisant nihilism.
The common point, the freezing of the thought and the excommunication (or soft) army of his critical expression.
That it has been understood before, should not roll back the Muslims.
This is the only way.
Edwy Plenel he read this article?
I suppose that is true in many countries.
But in Britain, the fall marks the beginning of six long months of dark, damp and depressing that affect the well-being and the mood of many people.
In addition, everyone gets sick.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer from it myself.
When the light goes, it becomes hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a little bit for the mood and well-being.
The fall is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign in particular is breathtaking in the autumn.
Not so breathtaking that the green of the summer when everything is living instead of being on the verge of death.
In Britain, if you're lucky, the summer falls on a weekend.
We had a good summer this year, don't make your grumpy that Dragon Age clichés!
Not the whole world.
I rarely falls ill in winter.
But now I am retired and do not develop more immunity to sprouts from the outside, it can change, I suppose.
This is not to be on the verge of dying is just one step in a cycle...
A stage full of intoxicating smells wonderful, with a frame, which culminates with the festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risk of snow and a lot of other wonderful words.
Just don't stop doing things!
Those are my recommendations for the holidays for you.
Yes, these dark months grey and actually makes me much happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation of supplements for children, it is the amount cashed by the State which comes mainly from the deciles 8 to 10.
But in terms of the number of households who have seen their taxes increase due to this measure, it is mostly the deciles 4 and 5 are concerned (median incomes) according to the graph 2.
The removal of half the part concerning especially widows is not addressed in the article, or rather its impact is assessed under complêtement: 230m euros it is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is painless.
And it is not ready to arrange.
Good, it is not on the straw, certainly, but inhaled
For once that the PS is a policy instead of the left we will not cry...
It is obvious that those who are part of the richest 20 per cent must bear much more than 75% of the tax hike, why not 90%?
Carry on like this and you will these 20% less work or to leave.
Good, I know, it is not politically correct, but I said it anyway.
Long live the Trots and the OIC recycled at PS: they all understood.
Adam, you see evil what you look at.
The proportion is the same as always, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population owns 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax, that is when it is forbidden to anyone to amass as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit the money loses its usefulness.
And once you're past the utility of money, money that is not going to make money, that is) to say to make the plight of the greatest number.
It is part of the richest 20 per cent.
Also without a doubt of the 20% of households who work more (and create the wealth, part of which is logically redistributed).
A fair tax should allow these homes to benefit from being a part of their efforts.
Or so I might as well give up and live off of minimum social benefits, especially if there is a social housing.
Utopias roadblocks, heads to the Khmer Rouge have happily lived.
I've done two Airbnb in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of the two, we had things that we would not have had in a five-star hotel and we did not have to present to us at the reception or cope with the least hassle.
Just go to someone's house, sleep there, to put behind you and start anew.
Now this will be my first option when I'm traveling.
The logo has changed, people...
Check your insurance before you rent your house.
In most cases you need a kind of insurance for the owner.
Be sure to use a service with the right logo!
AH, 6h too late.
I love Airbnb.
"it is very dangerous and highly risky" No that is not true.
You just really ran out of luck.
According to the link provided in the article:
To its credit, the response of Airbnb to teman has been rapid, almost obscenely fast.
Within 24 hours, according to an email provided to Gawker by teman, Airbnb had sent a locksmith to change the locks, made arrangements for that he spent a week at the hotel and transferred 23 $817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but still).
So why this article cite-t-il teman complaining that he has not received any support from Airbnb?
I LOVE the Airbnb, to receive as for travel
Hello I'm looking for people who have already used air B just to reassure me.
I intend to pay a deposit and a month's rent from a blow but I'm a little bit afraid to send £1,600 at a site that I've never really heard of.
But where is it?
"Support the troops", sang the April $herie on all shades ...
Therefore harmless weapons.
I am sure that this will be pleased to the families and relatives of the thousands of dead Kurds at Halabja to learn that their parents and friends have died from something other than the chemical bombing of Saddam hussein.
Unless the content of the article has been radically altered by the author, your comment is inaproprié (to be polite).
Moreover, how is this mass crime committed in 1988 prouverait-il that chemical weapons discovered nearly 20 years later were still usable?
It's not hyper clear the style of the author: "in search of weapons of mass destruction.
It is in perfect agreement.
You believe that this is the right time to weaken the military to strengthen education
It is never the time to strengthen education, because we are always at war.
Alternative: it is ALWAYS the moment to strengthen education, because we are always at war?
We would already have a lot of education if we "all" was working 35 hours instead of 17.
At the time, our teachers now earn more than engineers.
And that does not make us believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week to prepare for their program.
But it is not because the Education Nationale has not the means to provide an office at college / high school his teachers said they do so at home.
A sort of forced telework, in short, except that the employer pays either the computer or the internet connection, or the supplies.
Indeed, it is so the stash at 5pm a week and 4 months of holiday that we can't manage to complete the CAPES math, come, we'll be waiting for you.
How is it you don't feel like you carry chiards of poorly educated, whose parents are spitting uppers of treating you wanker?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm the djihadites khurde so that the population can best flourish.
Where we see that the Bush administration has done absolutely everything wrong.
It was my first graduate job in the sale, to London, to win three times and it was nothing but a position for which he needed a diploma.
A year later, I saw an ad to be construction workers on the London Underground, it was paid £5,000 a year more and we do not even ask the patent.
I have never regretted it.
On this subject, don't worry if you can't find a graduate job, or trying to find something that pays well, either that you love to do.
If I was stuck to the jobs graduates, I would still have to pay my student loan
I don't like so much of the work in business, then I hope to eventually spend either in public service or in the academic world.
Lol LOL LOL This article arrived really late!
Exactly, when I graduated in 2011 there was already a backlog of three years.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
Get rid of your post as art / letters / theatre / media / political science / philosophy, that is to say what is called the diplomas of unemployed.
I have one of these diplomas and I finished director of production.
It turned out that the important thing was not the degree but, as the article above says, a good career path, starting at school and throughout the university.
While the starting salary was lower but it rises rapidly through the ranks because in the real world what matters is results more than knowledge.
This debate studies of artistic careers / engineer has gone on for years.
Scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to get up in the morning, to get to work on time and interacting with people in order to get results.
Letters, philosophy and art are lines of your post?
This is ridiculous.
I assume you speak of diplomas type media studies or whatever the oddball sector where you went.
Letters, philosophy, political science and art are true.
We need people who can explain key issues to high school, who understand the importance of the bases of culture such as literature, art, etc., and the showcase.
This would not be a genuine territorial policy to decongest Paris and invigorate the rest of France?
Personally, I can't see the inhabitants of fin-fond of Essonne et du Val-d'Oise do 80km round trip every day by bike to get work in Paris.
Residents of the small and intramural belt already have many means of transportation more convenient (subway, bus, tram).
> Several parks locked and secure, as it already exists in the cities of northern Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the road network.
Good idea.
On the surface, the space is cannibalized by the 2RM.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the City of Paris is working with professionals of the Netherlands and Denmark.
Both benefit from their huge experience in the area.
Well, we did not find room for ONE device bead of cycling.
The motivation appears to be stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë ....
Good, that's not good at all.
When we talk with pedestrians and other users of public transport of the reasons why they do not pedalling, it seems to me that the main reasons that emerge are: 1 / is also extremely dangerous with all these bangers, these trucks, these scooters that roll super vite et se foutent survival of bikes 2 / it takes itself, full of pollution in the head For me the bike paths are worse to go, we need to reduce motoring (Congestion type congestion charge), reduce the speed (Paris = 30 zone), enforcing the rules of the road in verbalisant systematically (even the bikes in the flat meadows need to adapt the highway code written for bangers 100 years ago to bikes), generalize the buffer zones after the crosswalks, not before otherwise bangers and steep, scooters.
The bike paths that is apartheid, we must coexist but rebalance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing on the bike in the great Paris?
Not a word about the role of the bicycle in transit?
EELV has reason.
The goal of 15% of travels to bike is ridiculous.
I'm beginning to think that Anne Hidalgo, the greens rolled in flour.
Incidentally, after what reports GOLD, the assistants EELV seem skeptical.
I prefer to be optimistic.
Before that the racketeering starts, it would be better to find out who really is hiding behind this massacre.
Clue: it is not Russia.
Not sure I like the way the world is changing.
It seems to look horrible.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed its intention to bring the matter before the ECHR, but I have not heard anyone say that a complaint has been filed.
Moreover, they submit their complaint first in Germany or in Ukraine.
I also look forward to what these cases to be postponed pending the outcome of the accident investigation report and the criminal investigation that would result.
Yeah but Libya has not blew up Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for the safety of the airspace, in this case the Ukrainian government.
The accident was predictable?
Other aircraft had been shot down before, Ukraine launched air attacks in the area against the rebels and any plane could of course be seen as a possible threat and immediate.
Is it that the Ukrainian government has taken reasonable precautions in light of a clear threat or did he choose to play with the lives of innocent people so that the airlines are paying the overflight rights?
Where are all the trolls who defend their pro-Kiev usurper government / the ultra-nationalists in Ukraine to the West - and who want to demonstrate in short that Putin shot down the MH17 flight.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev because they are responsible for what happens in their skies.
The precedent of 1986: a judgment of the International Court of Justice which has concluded that the supply of weapons by the CIA to the Llopango rebel forces in Nicaragua did not mean that the United States should be responsible for their actions.
No chance that Russia does not leave this case to go to the ICJ.
It's funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that Australians have been murdered by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope that he can present evidence to support his allegations.
So far investigators have not said anything of the sort.
Called Ricardo and be such a béotien in eco is appalling!
Called North Star is losing the north is to be welcomed.
A single questionde béotien: is that the poor of today is poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I can't empècher to note that those who criticize the most virulament Piketty's book have not read it!
It is easy to read, I took a few days.
It shows the evolution of the national statistical revenus-production, revenu-capital inégalités-concentration, income inequality, Labour, the ownership of capital, merit and legacy in the log term..
It shows that the concentration of capital of today is the same as that of the beginning of the 20 ° before 1914, he shows that it is the 2 world wars that have lowered the concentration of capital, of 1914 à1945, then how the concentration resumed after...
Bernajuzan: you are saying no to what.
I ask you how long it has taken you to read this pavement knowing that the capacity of the concentration of one individual has few limits.
Secondly, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is if the summary of the central thesis that has given the press is just or not.
If she is right, we can discuss it without having read the book, whose essence is to argue one-sided in favour of it.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajuzan: how long did it take you to read it?
What is the central thesis of its pavement summarised by the press is false?
I have not read it and do not read it.
I am therefore relying on summary of his central thesis, and that is the one that seems to me to be pure humbug.
The concept of the gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Humanity has not comprehensively enriched?
This enrichment and added to an increasing population is the real issue in politics today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the prize without a doubt.
But remember that it was only 17 years old.
An age at which most people are just starting to find their place in the world.
I hope that this award will not be a burden for the young girl and that she will find its way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price but the political capital of western governments who want to prove the old adage that coloured the transgressors are the embodiment of evil.
All my best wishes for happiness to Malala, but they must realise that it is used, and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the neighborhoods of Great Britain!
Has anyone thought that his speech was a little strange.
She thanked her father for having given him a lot of freedom but said that, if she was not there where she is now, she would have been married for 14 years.
Malala herself isn't part of these colourful "perverts"?
You shouldn't have any 'air time' on this site.
You are, yourself, a horrible pervert.
This is absolutely disgusting.
No, his father was not going to marry her to 14 years.
She was 15 years old when she was shot.
His father runs a school where girls are educated and he is in favour of equal rights for women.
It is, and always has been, for which she receives a higher education and that it has the right to decide their own marriage.
However, it is unusual for someone in Pakistan, to the extent that he believes that women are the equal of men.
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl must often marry at 14 years old, without having a say.
Sorry that it has not sufficiently eloquent statement for you.
This may seem contradictory, but might want to say that, if his father had not given him freedom, she would have been married for 14 years
I was rather disappointed by this entry in season 4, and especially by Jessica Lange, who obviously has a little trouble finding his character of look-alike Marlene Dietrich.
I am just looking at the last two seasons, which are quite different but I must admit that this is one of the best series of horror, one of the best!
The first episode of fascinating.
The achievement is close to perfection, and the show of Jessica Lange singing the anachronistic Life on Mars of Bowie is simply staggering.
I have not yet watched this new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange awhile).
In the case of American Horror Story I have preferred to have had all of a sudden that watch 13 episodes spread over 3 to 4 months.
But one thing is certain, outside of Jessica Lange is extraordinary, especially the risks of scenes and montages in which that amaze me.
It was in an avalanche of AHS original plans which ridicules not bad Max Jacob productions of today.
CA is slipping away from me a little bit to see you throw in the towel in advance for the next few seasons without even waiting to be able to judge the quality.
Jessica Lange is a pillar of this series, but, as you said, there are many more things.
No it's just that for me Jessica Lange (and especially its path and how it uses it) really is ONE of the pillars of the series outside of technical qualifications.
And I'm looking very much for it.
Then I found the series errs by writing, she wants to do too many things at the same time.
The season 3 was slightly below, in the 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I can't see them do 10 seasons of American Horror Story or it will end up as 24 hours what lap times.
But good that everyone does who wants eh!
It is by what I say, "I saw more then" that everyone is forced to do the same!
I just share my point of view, nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think she will be fatal.
But after that, it's just my opinion.
Talk less of tax increases, if you please - coupons rather in government spending.
No, increase spending, please.
Those interested in cutting government spending have failed.
Trigger polemics about items that were relatively minor, such as development aid
The problem is that this represents less than the margin of error in the expenditures of the Government in the United Kingdom.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than the change in direction that voters appear to want and during all this time, some in each camp, to pretend these nuances are much more important and substantial than they are - and voters see clear in their game and find them in bad faith.
Less than 1% of spending.
The "debt", it is of essence of assets held by financial institutions in this country.
The "debt" is nothing that we should be worried about.
I would have no problem with what the government has appropriated a third of my income (before even talking about taxes on consumption) if I thought he was going to use it to good effect.
But this is not the case, and a lot of taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage has not been completely honest about how to reduce taxes but hey, if you add our net contribution to the EU, overseas development aid, High Speed 2, the subsidies to wind energy almost useless and nuclear plants which cost twice what they should, you arrive at a figure that fact might well ridiculous tax Labour and Lib-Dem on of the most luxurious residences.
Your first £10,000 is not taxable.
This means that someone who earns £35,000 per year will pay approximately £5,000 (one seventh of their salary), someone with £50,000 would pay around £10,000 (a fifth), etc., and someone with a £200,000 pays around £70,000 (a little more than a third).
And the social contributions?
The more social contributions, plus local taxes, plus the cost of parking and the vignette automobile, and that's before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is levied at source before local taxes and the vignette automobile.
I am paid a decent way, but not extravagant way.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I am happy to pay my taxes.
But we should not pretend that money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where to spend billions of pounds of taxes.
How does an unemployed person who is looking for work in the door-to-door can he prove it?
Even so, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, that means 80% are looking for and not finding.
Same as me, unemployed, do I have more interest in what other people are looking for or not?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CV, it increases my chances much.
Actually I have not had any news of Pôle Emploi for months, it means that officers are more busy to operations of controls that to really make return announcements of employment?
I can't see the point.
Because it is not up to the state to provide the work.
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough jobs, then it must happen to Pole Emploi.
In what way is this a sensitive issue?
We all have rights and duties, in this case to ensure that the unemployed while fulfilling their duties in return for their rights.
Just as a controller asked their title of transport users with a means of transportation, a head of department, or are the employees of their work, etc.
Nobody shouts at the scandal in these cases, no?
It is indeed good to remember that the unemployed have rights: the only two times I've had to deal with Pôle Emploi, my rights to the Radical Alliance had been poorly prepared, and on one of the dossiers, savaged by 40%, it had to fight hard.
This takes time!
I am not an expert in law.
The recording and control takes over at present, while statutory Pôle Emploi is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the issue of compensation should apply only to the employees, they are paying the côtisations.
The French politicians and the self-employed to grant rights that they did not actually!
This is not normal.
I would add that a decent unemployment insurance contributes to the enhancement of paid work.
To wait for the tweets assassins in Arabic...
In fact there must be a direct military response in Iraq / Syria which will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach this area of conflict.
The situation would be to limit the spread of the Black Death in 1348 / 9 in connection with war and displacement of populations at the time.
The Saudis have had the presence of mind to ban this year, the Hajj to Mecca to Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reported that 7 400 had their visa application refused because of their country of origin or their recent travels.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim came from Bosnia who contracted smallpox in Mecca during the Hajj in the 80s, probably contaminated by a pilgrim come to Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope that the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is that what being without heart than to propose to prevent the sick from Ebola to take a plane for Europe?
I thought it was a matter of common sense, but apparently those who "know" that they could have decided to risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These countries in West Africa where Ebola is out of control should be put in strict quarantine.
No one comes out.
Only the health staff may enter.
21 days of waiting after having treated patients before they are able to move on.
If they become infected with the Ebola virus while they're there, they stay there until they are cured.
These are not draconian measures.
Just last week, people have been infected after having had contacts with persons in West Africa, although they had taken "all necessary precautions".
It can halt the advance of the disease.
It is spread mainly by the airlines.
Interdisons-leur offer to fly to these countries.
In addition, customs officers at airports should be trained to spot people with symptoms typical of Ebola, so that they could be put immediately into quarantine.
He has come to pass on the message of the individual first and of the group (including religious) second and it will be deserved the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt he is capable of erecting the dogma in the image of God, characterised by the total of the cortex of the planet in operation.
It is still far away from this design there.
For 20 years, only that the information has emerged as the premium given to humanity, then that religion, outcome of the cerebellum directs our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is largely minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Those who criticise would anyway not the feet to the Church, we have only to look at the low number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step, removing the concept of sin, too "anxiety"?
@ si: sorry the church has no vision is limited to France.
And in the world, may be it will affect more than world...
@ Martine E, to be honest (as usual) the respect of others such as you consider the predates Christ.
Hillel a century before him, said: "do not do unto others what you don't want you to do, that is the whole Torah, the rest is just commentary: will and studied!".
Christianity goes well beyond mere reciprocity but introduced the agapê.
Your "promote justice, peace, fraternity" but without god?
This is a return to communism?: -)
Next step: remove the incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will remain this hero who has upset the moral laws by redefining the respect of others.
Christians will then be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and to promote justice, peace, fraternity.
Not very Catholic?
I seem to remember that the low number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated then forcibly converted and pushed to immigration some centuries ago.
I hesitate too between buying it, the new game Alien, or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite fate soon.
It didn't invent.
Me personally I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (indeed, I contributed to his campaign fundraiser) but I do not think it is worth £30.
If this is the PC version that interests you, Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells for £30 and also proposes a reduction of 20 per cent.
Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells for £30 and also proposes a reduction of 20 per cent.
I'll watch.
Obviously not at work.
The killjoys of the IT department blocks all sites as cool.
Hello, is it £30 and 20% discount, or is it that the £30 include the 20% discount?
However, attention: the PC version is only for beautifull.
It has taken me by surprise, I bought it, but can't play there.
In addition I bought it on Steam, therefore no rebate, it is invalid.
It is time to buy a new video card * fait la gueule *
It is a Brazilian website, but you get a Steam ID valid, I think.
Caveat emptor and all that: I've not used it myself.
Amazon £30 to £35 for PC, Xbox 360 and PS3, Xbox and PS4 for £44
Thank you, I'd be scared that one day they disappear from your library if they decide to crack down on the people who buy it here when they are outside the region.
So join the beta version of Elite Dangerous.
Thus, France in 1940 was a "breeding ground" putrefied?
So tell me, this Nobel Prize has all the air of a poisoned gift.
You must love them, France 40, that of "the strange defeat '?
When you see who gets the Nobel for literature, one wonders if Proust or Dostoïevsky would have today.
The Nobel is not even an event, it did not even want to read the award-winning authors.
Of Brazilians, Chinese and Australians will read Modiano, who is already barely legible in French and which describes a world so limited and if égocentré?
I hope that the other Nobels are more credible but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have only a distant relationship with literature.
Have you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, Brazilians and others, do not worry for them.
Aliens are very sensitive to literature and to the French culture, them.
They will appreciate Mr.
Modiano to its fair value, if they don't already know!
For your part, continue to attend Lévy and Musso.
I share your view.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso retain all their chances.
Then let's see who was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature: H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
The ugly salvation.
Since that I have led a in Iceland, I stop to see the Kia Sportage everywhere.
I think that this thing was following me so far.
Perhaps she wants to crush me?
Or swallow me as the horrible computer from Superman III?
Hello Dantra, always hate?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my médocs.
It's Wednesday!
I've had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the celebration of beer and cider from Nottingham.
It was bordélique.
I managed to enjoy 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel being a favourite of mine.
I have been pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there, there was not the fanatics of CAMRA (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
Drive on the return Sunday, it was really hard.
On Monday evening we went to the grandfather of a pal to play nine card brag.
Thanks to a real chance of beginner I could start again with some decent bets.
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I will be as strong as him.
Yesterday evening I went to a chic cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks arrived with a slice of bacon on top.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how wrong you are, dear Christian.
However, without wishing to upset you, I think you away a little of the subject.
This famous, it bans all the quests for the djihâdistes at the exit of the mosques.
She immediately reported the illicit arms trade.
We either have your eyes wide open as Meddeb and Taïa Boubaker or is there with our eyes closed.
We must choose.
This is not in keeping with your eyes closed that access has the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but once again, you made a monumental footnoted: all of the authorities, organizations or associations representative, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the IS and its crimes, the French, Muslim or not, have nothing to add to these official condemnations unanimous.
Silence is equivalent to assent.
The problem is that people like you see them first as, Muslims of Arab or African.
Not like the French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc' h Mervel, the doubt is there for everyone.
As I have said a thousand times, some are skeptical of the approval by the French Jewish Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and obscene to accuse the a priori and demand that they are demonstrating publicly to prove to the rest of French society that she is wrong to doubt it.
This principle is in my eyes the negation of the republic and can only contribute to diluted French society.
If there is no doubt, to make the point.
Who said nothing consents, but agrees to what?
Consents to a proximity to the conviction or AR AR reporting.
The silence is good practice, it is the main weapon of those who want to spare the goat and the cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond has predicted that Scotland could, during elections, "revenge" of the parties represented at Westminster because a huge gap has opened between their proposals for decentralization and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the idea of losing all those seats in Westminster...
Cameron must laugh it out of court.
This is what these threats?
The Conservatives don't completely of Scotland, since they have no foundation.
They can do what they want with impunity.
I don't think even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that the Labour losing seats to the SNP in Westminster is a good thing in the long term for him and the Conservatives.
Who will shed a tear for the Labor Party.
They are going to be totally eradicated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP who will cut off their heads in the north.
ED Miliband joined the "most appropriate one of the following 12" thinking that he saved his party but without realizing that he had signed the death warrants of its Scottish MPs.
Not surprising that some Labour MPs are calling for their leader to account.
If the SNP wins 20-25 seats and that there is no majority in parliament, even if the seats do not come of the Conservatives, they will then be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will force both the Conservatives and Labour to do what they have promised for a maximum devolution.
I think it is rather that the important.
Not if the Labour or the Tories want to be re-elected a day in England.
Polishing the pumps of 8% at the expense of 85%, this is not a great electoral strategy.
In addition, once the Scottish MPs will no longer be able to vote on matters that affect England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
OH, I guess it is.
Cameron may not have much to lose, but if Miliband.
Maggie did with the Unionists in Ulster, and so it has been successful.
However, it is still in the running to be Prime Minister in 2015 and this since he won the leadership of the Labor Party.
So, basically, these boxes will be virtually behind each reader to look over his shoulder and see what he is reading, how it reads, and until the end.
This is "The lives of others" of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of the FRIC ...
Always the same fascination for monitoring techniques.
Eventually, this will have a minimum effect sterilizer.
I await the next ticket: Amazon makes YOUR book according to YOUR profile and this automatically through an algorithm of his secret!
It's gay as world.
Strongly stimulated.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRMs is not implemented, it remains for me the reading of pirated files, books in the public domain or purchased from a few publishers who have the intelligence to propose some files without spy.
Given the price that I paid the Kobo is without regret.
I am bewildered that the abdication of widespread use of users in the face of the widespread appropriation of their private lives.
Your local bookseller general public, you'll notice that everyone gives its loyalty card (fn * c, d * * arena, ...).
There are also demanding masterpieces whose rate of opening and completion are without doubt derisory.
For example "Finnegans Wake" of James Joyce.
@ Thomas: in the era of Big Data, the data is really no need to be personal to be relevant.
Be careful not to put all the literature in the same bin.
The harvest of anonymous data where there was a profile ....
The harvest is not anonymous.
These are the data published by Kobo, which allows for neither identify readers, or the perpetrators.
But Kobo has all this information, to it.
There have been so many inflated claims, false and contradictory on the part of the Turkish Government in recent days that the country seems to be run by a kindergarten class full of kids with schizophrenia under acidic.
This is even worse than this if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that some supporter of Islamist Erdogan thinks that is such an insult that they remove your comment, but not mine.; -)
Well seen: -p But Turkey has no wish to shoot itself in the foot, if it is to win something.
If they attack ISIS, ISIS will respond, so it is actually shoot itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat wrote on his blog: "AP reports that Iran has warned the United States that it would be a mistake of seeking to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad lei because that would jeopardise the security of Israel.
It is not clear from the article if Iran were to send a serious warning of reprisals or if he simply advising caution.
This second option is more likely, and in all cases, what really surprises is that today the American and Iranian diplomatic engagement with Syria, Israel and the security of the region. "
The reading of Indian Punchline is highly recommended to anyone who paid attention to detail rather than on disk for free balancées by traditional media. the short article which you give the link is important and should be read bearing in mind the observations realistic / previous warnings from Iran to propose to Afghanistan around 1979 - 1980.
Who are these "moderates" fighting seriously horrible secular Assad and at the same time the perverse of ISIS?
The policy of the pipelines is pushing the world into the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to "moderates" unheard of to be more careful with the facts and alternatives before sending other people's kids to fight in the Third World War.
"it's even worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan" Are there any other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
It should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
It "should be"?
You realize that neither the criminals, or the victims, does not have the slightest chance of being still alive?
A bit late for that, my friend...
Criminals should they not be just old now, kind of 120 years?
A little late for that, no?
Particularly concerning the triumvirate of UPC, which was planned and directed the genocide, Talat and Djemaal killed just after the First World War by revenge by Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a place in Paris of Central Asia at about the same time, when he went there in dreaming of starting a Turkish Empire.
What madness!
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of the fatal slope, but apart from that, we look in vain for the contact with the real world.
That of clichés without argument.
The fetus will always have a heart that beats even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
Lesbian couples may just be a desire to have a child and not a desire to be accepted.
Infertile straight couples too.
As for the children!
What a shame to refer to them as future psychological psychotics.
One day, they will have the age to defend themselves, to say they are happy to live, to earn their living and to pay for the retirement of this woman (?)
The GPA is without doubt an "interim solution" in the evolution of medicine that knows about our world.
She is not starting today.
Many women have worn and set in the world of children who were not their husband.
It is still the case, we are thus facts...
The important thing here is that this practice be framed so that the "commodification" of the body is limited.
But the plastic surgery, cosmetics, are they not also commodification of the body?!
Anakronik Fareinheit...
While it is more elegant to engrosser good in distant countries via the Internet and Pay Pal to shoulder its responsibilities and to avoid the scandal or in another centuries close to home, without the time to shout this from the rooftops!...
Most of these practices were not made on behalf of the church!...
It is not only Christians and of the believers who refuse these practices...
The fact remains that the exploitation of the body is a real problem.
OH just shut up, this man is passionate about something.
In the late 1970s in the Midlands I haven't seen it so far.
I had to go there the day because I didn't have the right to go there at night!
But if you like it and the music that you listen to this music today - it hits you as always.
I don't know why there are so many comments on here demeaning what Paul Mason said, perhaps they are posted by people who have never been cool, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article about football that awaits your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since the film's Tony Parson, there is a shortage of news stories that reflect the reality of the culture of the North of England.
No wonder Paul Mason has grasped the social and political context, he understands things.
The Northern soul still lives, but she has been vampirisée by capitalism and today it is mainly a phenomenon of surface.
That said, you can take an ear if you are in the London area in November: 99psoul will again spend soul LPs, including full of Northern soul, on Saturday 15 November at the Betsey Trotwood to Farringdon.
I also thought "always the same story", but that is a small article well written and well thought out.
Your criticism, they really need to be more constructive.
Great article.
I loved your documentary.
I guess you are happy to have escaped to Newsnight.
Last train to Wigan from Victoria / Exchange and down to Wallgate.
En gobant of Hollywood.
Whatever the station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 min walk from Wigan, having bought a ticket for the bus stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern soul scene is described in an excellent episode of the detective series George Casavant titled Casavant Northern Soul, is happening at Newcastle in 1968.
The cases are becoming increasingly empoisonnantes.
The Palestinians have no partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@ Jonathan: Netanyahu does not seek peace, because he wants to continue occuper-coloniser (incidentally, this was also the case of Rabin).
It is obvious that Rabin, Netanyahu and all their voters have preferred the occupation-colonisation to peace.
He took off his clothes, put them on the rock and went into the water.
An Israeli man of the stolen cheques.
The Israeli representative stood up in anger and vociféra: "what are you talking about?
The Israelis were not even there at the time! ".
The Palestinian representative (United Nations) smiled and said: "and now that things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population have no confidence in the government of the Palestinian Authority as bipolar and will not lower its guard...
That the the anti Israelis it is obvious it is not the intention...
Anti-Zionist: but I answered you, I translate: the global geopolitical report...
And it is always so since that the Policy is global...
Avoidance, avoidance...
In the conflict israélo-colonialiste, for the creation of the Palestinian state, that is certain, it persists!
For the creation of Israel you don't reply.
What report of strength has allowed the creation of Israel?
Anti-Zionist Israélo-Palestinien: the conflict is still today a report of strength!
You guess?!!!...
In addition to all of this is not solely about Russell Brand, but the journalists of the Guardian seems to have difficulty moving beyond anything he has to say.
A lot of what he says are utter garbage written pseudo-chomskystes not others.
This proves that you do not understand what Russell Brand says, or what Noam Chomsky said.
It's just a series of personal attacks and slurs (my 13 years old daughter loves it, which would mean that it is a question of immaturity).
A burden really vicious, with just a hint of awareness that Russell Brand said some home truths, perhaps one of the truths to which we would rather not think about.
If you capsize, that feeling is going to be more and more common.
I can understand why Brand hard some: he speaks sometimes grandiose and after all the nonsense of the tabloids it is effectively giving the impression of being a populist, a beginner, but this whole story of not voting has been completely misconstrued according to me.
The general consensus seems to be that he just told people not to vote and instead sit back and ignore the entire political process - but if you watch the interview with Paxman and other articles / videos that he posted, he said that voting once every 5 years only for Labour or the Conservatives (or Lib DEMS I suppose) and restrict democratic commitment to this is totally useless, both parties (to slightly different degrees) governing essentially in favour of special interests, multinational companies and rich, At no time did it simply told to completely ignore the policy because these parties do not govern in our name: he insists that instead of just voting on and off for five years, people should become much more politically active at the local level, to organise movements, demonstrations, protests, petitions, whatever and try to influence the politics out of it.
I'm not saying I necessarily agree with his solution (because I believe that being politically active in presenting its applications can go hand in hand with the act of voting, given that politicians are weathervanes who change their minds if they really are at risk of losing the elections), but LA see all these condescending responses that say that this imbecile who made Jesus said to the young people not to take the trouble to vote and just hope that things will be better, because that really is misrepresenting his arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable and it would be nice if people resisted what he really said, rather than simply the label as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large amount of people left behind.
Yes, thank you.
The thing about the vote was completely distorted.
The uselessness of dragging a ballot paper in a ballot box every 5 years upsetting me deeply as my vote does not really count for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and MPs who are accountable locally before their voters.
In addition, I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Brand are not hers (written by others).
He is smart enough to have its own words and ideas, even if they are heavily influenced by the kind of anti-establishment thinkers and academics from the counter-culture that Suzanne wants to regroup under the label "nonsense pseudo-chomskystes".
Rather, I am convinced that, in a debate he would succeed in persuading Suzanne.
Maybe this is what the Guardian could do, that Suzanne does like Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a veranda, with even the nods added in the editing process!
As Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russel but has ended up becoming one of his fans and to invite him to his show, it is too easy to attack him without really understanding where he is getting at.
It draws in a political discourse that has existed for generations, but who has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This "sling" reveals above all to my eyes that the intellectual debate is now long since to date in history when the historians of trade have become a minority and where the exchange of specialists have become poorer for the benefit of ready-made ideas condensed type Sciences Po for press kits.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to attack a guilty, a scapegoat.
They develop the reasoning is very rational, but this rationality is based on these scapegoats who are the keystone of their thinking.
I rather think that the State was indispensable for Foucault as guilty.
This smacks of a thought, thought the very archaic sacrificial, who is also the magical thinking.
It solves the problem of the report to another in the killing.
There is a slope, anarchisante néo-lib and / or / libertarian (of the two terms the second mark a hardening of the desire of eradication of the state, the first since the rescue of the state for its markets) in the direction of less state / no state in Foucault.
The old dream of the base that if auto-organise handsomely.
His thinking is built on the guilt of the State: without this guilt she does not stand up.
Who said guilty, said elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not taking a position against the three intellectuals cited here.
Or support elsewhere.
The totalitarian Left remembers the good old days, that of his god then, Stalin, the father of peoples.
Wow, you've probably read a chouya too quickly if you've taken the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for a glorification of Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent does more to tackle amuserait Michel through this...
Gauchet poses deep reflection on contemporary individual and the collective, about the difficulty that represents the mechanism of membership in our societies advanced liberal.
You either agree with him or not, he is an original thinker and respectable.
See this plot orchestrated by researchers in the social sciences and humanities to the hard left who do not support what is happening to the allegiance to their mantras, is quite laughable.
The narcisissme and authoritarianism of these people is without limit.
An important point to add seems to me to be the posture of these "rebels", which is just intellectual and academic.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellow" I witnessed in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You have not had the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was it in Russia, a Russian could meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I don't remember when I saw a Chinese man for the last time.
In London and they were sympathetic to my respect when they learned that I was Russian.
Here in Russia in the 1990s - the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think these white people!
My family lives in Australia after coming to Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago, in the middle of the 20th century, and I can still hear some of them speaking violently anti-white.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter sort with a white.
I also think that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and in recent years: they are increasingly rich, prosperity is spreading outside of the major cities, and thanks to this prosperity people travel abroad and see how other people live.
From what I am told, the Russians have mainly prejudices against temporary workers without qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia who are working in trades and in areas where they have a lot of chance of being exploited by their employers or face a high crime and violence.
Although I've lived on the banks of the River Ensei, Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the views of Australians on the Chinese and the Aborigines.
It is bizarre that a stranger telling me that I can't stand the Chinese, although I've met in my life (including one abroad), have not kept bad memories, all people are created equal and, in fact, those in London have been very nice and that is the only reason why I am reminded that they were Chinese.
Otherwise we do not recall that we meet, all people are equal, how to remember which was which.
You know what is strange?
That you and the other Russian here spoke of the Chinese as a sort of fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you still come out with the said Blanc.
How many men are with Chinese Blanches, by comparison?
No, because there is a good chance that the parents of these Blanches the agresseraient PHYSIQUEMENT.
There is no measure of the impartiality of justice.
However, it is the mother of all battles and justice in France is manipulated by groups strongly marked with the left as a union of the judiciary ...
@ Marabout: forgiveness, but judicial circles are frankly brand was right.
Quand au Syndicat de la magistrature, ejemplo destacado that 25 per cent of judges.
If a measure of his bias can be made from the relativity of the application of laws in the courts, it order to dismiss two obstacles.
One of the political vision of the observer as that of the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
So there remains the tool to the law in order to refocus the assessment on the fundamentals.
The measure of his unfulfilled in the set of judges, judicial acts included, force prosecutors to draw a distinction between the error and bias of the judiciary.
It would be futile to pretend that the acts of justice are not found between these three groups.
The conceit and ignorance, not covered by an objective analysis.
And therefore, if all this is not analyzed, how can we then claim that justice is improving in France?
If it is only through statistics revealing implicitly that it works on the low side.
The preamble preceding allows following enrolment ratio in the third.
That of corruption * of the judiciary.
Sensitive subject in proportion of the disruptive power * which is conferred to the judicial institution capable of such heresy.
The area is considered one of the despoliation * heirs committed until the way of scams to the procedure * by genealogists inheritance mandated by notaries.
This profession gets 1,000- €150 million and still receive the coverage provided by the judicial quasi-impunité * * of the French notary.
For the understanding of their mechanism, a portion was reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where it joins the said statistical improvement * moderate by the previous comment, is that the judiciary has produced in many disputes between genealogist and reluctant heirs to rob and a whole set of jurisprudence, contrary to all the laws that were favourable to the heirs.
The presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria do not be looked as an elaborate form of lying?
Surely totally prohibitive prices.
Materials continue to rip off the disabled.
We can say that, but my brother has one of those three-wheeled off-road, built on measure to its size and its weight and it has really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors as never a normal wheelchair wheels and tyres, with bulky, could not.
As the saying goes, buy it ...
The Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
The air has Tankchair EPIQUE.
I think that the inventor of the whill has never had to clean up a dog dung on a caterpillar.
I am sure that my sister would love the tricycle any ground, but it is simply too expensive.
The wheelchair of ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for the Champ.
Here there are hills that their clipboards.
The prices seem to be high, but there really are people who put this kind of price in a bike, then "you see".
The tricycle all ground seems to me to be particularly useful.
All disabled people are not poor, however.
Many of them have at their disposal the assurances of a reasonable amount.
Only if they became disabled.
The trick is that the market is a niche of the wheelchair, so they can afford to practise high prices for things they know full well that they are necessary.
We can't really say that the whill be minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately this is just a draft, there are no plans to manufacture it.
I am CONTENT that the wheelchair "long distance" did not arrive on the market, because apparently there is no way to drive this fucken trick.
Almost 20 000 houses have been destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza, during heavy shelling of residential neighbourhoods populated.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power in the Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people who are under 18 years of age.
Children eight years have lived their entire lives under Israeli blockade!
Unique in the world, situation unacceptable, illegal, too, since this embargo inflicts a "collective punishment" has all the civilians of Gaza.
"the contractors who are working on their projects to divert a little of their cement into the black market"...
Looks like is not the language of wood, rather than concrete and army the lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anti-Zionist...
The good will cement in tunnels!
There is the black market that is certain, and acknowledged.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Unique in the world, unacceptable situation for anyone who has a heart and the moral sense.
The US has a ground well guarded: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi has not had the necessary time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by who you know) has excluded!
Don't forget also that after Morsi was reinstated, lifted the embargo!!!
And I am a Westerner, so I approve...
Jonathan...
The Blocus Israélo-Egyptien is...
The children of Gaza are living on a subterranean fortress, built on the reverse of the population which has chosen its masters!
Having a boat, it's a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you've thought about.
Couchsurfing is much cooler than Airbnb.
This is the very definition of the Sharing Economy, a nonprofit.
Many seeking only a shot of an evening on Couchsurfing.
Therefore it is to be paid (or at least hope) in a different way.
It is still much cheaper than a hotel, whether there is a need for all the good addresses.
In addition, the owners and tenants who trust often stop by to use Airbnb and deal directly in cash, skirting Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this.
"what she puts in lease on"?
No problem with the word, what's the problem with your grammar?
We do not use the verb "to let" in the United States.
The author has simply used an American expression.
This is an international newspaper now, in case you have not noticed.
It would be better to have the right insurance for the boat, make sure that it is 100% compliant with all safety rules and ask those who manage canals and rivers permission to perform a commercial activity (which they surely will). I have a boat and I have tried to see how the rent (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it really is a nightmare...
Have you thought about the fact that boats can be displaced, stolen and repainted, sunk, etc.?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it would still be in the vicinity of where you left it.
Or hijacked by pirates...
All these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our houseboats ...
Where are you going to the moor?
No Marine Le Pen has not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than the one that lays out the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
More than 150 000 young people leave school without training.
The increase of wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Who is defending that?
Who stands for what?
In 2017 the Mass will be said!
Capitalism will not impoverish itself!
High finance, speculates, plays with our companies, our jobs, our raw materials and, therefore, our purchases, our food, our food, with the structures of our health care, therefore, with our debts, our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and by our money they hold..
All this for the benefit dequelques hyper-méga-obèses du fric.
Until proof of the contrary, FH said: 'my enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance ".
It was in 2012.
In 2014, he has appointed a former minister of the economy of the Rothschild bank, history to better defend the interests of carrying, solely responsible for the crisis of 2007.
There was no one else to spanish?
You call it how: go back to his jacket, drop his pants?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact it is not clear what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where did you see that?
Because the Germans have refused to rescue the survivors.
I'm not sure that really Spee had "refused" to rescue the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle is that neither party seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "castles of Steel" suggests Spee has quickly left the area because it had received a report indicating a British battleship in the area.
The sea was rough in the beginning of the day; I don't know if it was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the fight ended after sunset, making any rescue operation more difficult.
Compare that with the next battle, that of the Falklands, where, on the photos showing the survivors being rescued, we see a calm sea and in daylight.
In addition, the rescuers knew that there was at this stage most of German fighters in the area.
Hmm, it does not really fit to what I remember reading about this battle, so I did a quick search on Wikipedia:
"a certain confusion reigned among the German ships on the fate of the two battleships, cruisers who had disappeared in the dark after the shooting stopped, and a commençât.
The Leipzig saw something on fire, but by coming closer he saw that she was a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships, joined the battle late and lives the Monmouth, bent and severely damaged but still in motion.
After pointing the spotlight on the flag of the vessel, the proposal was refused to surrender and opened fire, eventually sinking the ship.
Without reliable information, von Spee judged that the Good Hope had to escape and stopped the search until 22: 15.
Concerned about reports indicating a British battleship in the vicinity, it began heading north. "
So, if this is true, the Germans, groping in the darkness before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not search for survivors.
They also believed that there was a more important battleship of the Royal Navy in the area who could have damaged so severely, in the confusion they déguerpirent to take advantage of their advance.
They were far from their base and Spee were well aware that they should fight their way through many ships of the Royal Navy.
The sacrifice of Cradock had already harmed them and their had cout � about half their ammunition, condemning them and when they were finally taken.
Several voices in the UMP to request that it be included in the law that an elected definitively convicted either of this fact permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous position, which would affect also elected representatives of many on the left.
But Nooo, this is a joke.
For THIS IDEE JE I doubt REGISTRATION IN THE CONS OF MAGISTRATS MUR
When will the ban on trade unions in the areas already protected?
How many times do we tolerate this distortion of equality between citizens?
Maintained by Cavallo (es) whose vision of society is limited to those areas, always quick to coax those same people who will benefit from their tenure to thwart the actions of real politicians, who actually try to make things happen, not the beautiful parleuses whose inaction is the measure of their smugness.
I met them in the subway at midday with their small placards "of under achieving justice" they came from the province and were not the difference between Bercy et le POPB.
It supports the existence of unions whose members are politicized the enormous power they hold in the service of his party.
She would not do the same if theses unions right wing, or extreme right wing, appointed to target celebrities from its board and fought against them a war juridico-médiatique.
Your claims are totally free.
If the right wing, currently pays for judicial news is simply that she has committed acts which fall within!
It was not an example of personality of the left who have both had to do with Justice, but all those who have been the object of his attention had no treatment.
On the other hand we must reiterate that the union of the judiciary which is of the left is not the only union of judges and that he is in the minority.
That a minister is supporting both of commitment the unions shows to what extent they can be useful.
@ MCR The union that you cite is perhaps a minority among judges, but its influence is great to the Chancellery, this is not a secret.
One wonders now if the "mission" of some judges is not more dirty rather than educate.
@ gus - You should be satisfied, the DM is in the minority.
What do you complain?
@ Pivoine: you forget that magistrates are not civil servants as the other: they are the only ones who have the power to put in charge and to incarcerate the tout-un-chacun.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants was not ever?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I think even the most stupid of fame hungry realizes that X-Factor and that can only mean the end of a career, then I would be surprised if someone accepts their supply.
Many have used them as a springboard to start a career to success.
The One Direction to fill stadiums around the world.
Others have subsequently sold a lot of records or are party to the West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programs, launched Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is part of the jurors.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Céline Dion, Cliff Richard, they have all made the competition of the Eurovision, like so many others.
While others, such as Frank Sinatra and all the rest of them participated in competitions in the United States.
In the 1970s and 1980s, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks threw most of light entertainment stars of British television.
Of course, some fell into oblivion.
But this is what happens anyway to most celebrities who do not participate in the competition.
There are few who, after a tube, manage to take others.
Anyway, most of the singers / groups can at best hope for three albums and a "best of".
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever her name is, fans in the UK.
His fame comes in part from her marriage to a footballer who breathes through her mouth.
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson.
That can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it has more chance of leading to a career path that the typical rock, even if in your dreams you think all frimeurs to guitar who smoke grass in the garage of their father and swinging three agreements on a poem will surely primary school level of stars and that the only question is how much they want to touch before even released an album.
And that is worse than ridiculous: it establishes a completely artificial distance between the Western audience and the people surveyed - distance which turns quickly enough to racism, because the ethnologists sacralistes we present these people as infinitely distant superstitious ritual and imbued with religious bigotry, while most of their ways of doing business are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours, of practical considerations in daily life.
Except that you interpret unwisely in the opposite direction.
Either, but rather than saying that the drum is devoid of sanctity, is it better not to admit that our Marianne and our Molières have not also a character a bit sacred?
Our bias is as recalled seeing the sacred as a kind of object well defined and circumscribed to the religious sphere.
Very interesting article, anyway.
It is the casual Canvas to fill the void.
Nothing more.
Superb article, thank you.
The recent Panthéonisation of illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the sense of the sacred is still living.
Who believes in interpretations of archaeologists!
Any other interpretation would cast discipline to jettison any scientists who will last the life of a Mandarin, rarely less.
When a critic has compared disciplines for a bit?
Because what is true for archaeology also applies to the interpretations that give the other disciplines.
It would be a salutary dose of modesty.
Your contempt for the archaeologists is totally unjustified!
It is thanks to them that we continually discover treasures of precious evidence to reconstruct history, understanding of societies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is exciting.
This method is not very old and before the archaeologists were relying on their "instinct" and their knowledge, and could be wrong.
Nowadays there are scientific and technological means so powerful that the interprêtation excavations is best but can always be challenged by other discoveries!
It is here in full (and old) argument advanced by the Jullien shamanism Jean Clottes (cf his book "the shamans of prehistory", particularly the re-issue of the published scientific controversy, Editions La Maison des Roches).
Thank you for this article very informative
Hetero men like anal sex?
For you Mike, I could put in.
Then it's over between us?
I do not really understand why can't continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play on that.
We could not watch a musical comedy about that on the other hand, it would be too gay!
We could expect to have this kind of comment on your part.
It seems that Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Since your offer of a trial is almost over, may I suggest you move to the Catholic Times.
I am sure that you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikedow.
Can I suggest that we all seek a newspaper which pays real journalists, courageous, for what they write on the Middle East, Ebola, etc., to their peril.
Instead of laughing aloud with these jokes of childish ass.
Not very clever.
Go away then.
If these "jokes" childish ass so shocking to you, you don't have to participate, is it not?
You also know that this newspaper covers also the Middle East and the Ebola and that it is quite possible to do both and to publish an article on anal sex?
Is this the issue that shocks you, or the fact that people in joking?
However there is the amateur video of the crash on the net...
Amateur video of the crash on the net ...??
If the FOM has chosen not to show these images it is only to protect its interests in any case those of the pilot.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots it would exit the safety car at the time or another vehicle (for example) was towed away on the circuit.
But he had to finish quickly before the typhoon which we knew it was coming, but for which the CTF has not seen fit to move ahead of the departure (right, TV ads, money...).
But apart from that they protect good pilots.
Well seen, I also share this view.
But there is also that if the very british FOM fact enter the SC, it is going to allow Nico Rosberg having to restart a chance to beat the English who led then ...
You ditched my dear Dayrton on this blog.
But it is not serious, I have a bit of time to flush out all your c * * * * * series.
No, just no.
He had lots of conspiracies in F1, but never a Commissioners' who puts in danger of death for a distant history of possibility of victory of a pilot at the expense of another.
This is not the FOM, which leaves the safety because it is the FIA.
Nuance of size.
In view of the absence of amateur images, image, above all to the FIA to avoid awkward questions such as: how is it that the Commissioner waves a green flag in the middle of the speech, and continues to do so after the accident (see the complete video after the accident)
No, this is not because the video is deemed too violent that the FIA is blocking the images of the accident but because you can clearly see one of the Commissioners agitated a green flag, a sign that the race can return to normal and that the regime is more under a yellow flag.
Some comments show a dark méconaissance de la F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is no longer under regime of yellow flag AFTER the crash site, where the green flag agitated.
This is the usual procedure.
The position of commisaires just downstream of the accident (depending on the circumstances, it may be to video aside as to 100mètres after the accident) raised the green light to tell the pilots to return to a normal pace.
The sensationalism sells of the pub.
Before I thought the media were an integral part of the propaganda offensive "patriotic" of government, but I am afraid that, in the end, this is just for the money.
And the sex, let us not forget the sex, the fear of not having a sex life, the pub and the media are good to sell us things supposed to improve our sex life.
The information they do exactly the same thing.
Faire le buzz avec des informations which really has no need to worry about it is just to continue to scare people in order to continue to control them.
"when the tabloids cough about Ebola, we catch all fear" It should be "derail", not "cough".
Given the medical reference, "cough" is much better stated in this context that "derail".
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola may begin to spread by air to realize that they now believe in evolution?
You are giving them too much credit.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalypse that approach.
Ebola is the Antichrist!
You are confusing Ebola and Murdoch...
Great article, thank you!
A short and concise article, which makes this nicely and firmly pseudo-journalisme despicable.
It made me laugh.
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with this optimism in reverse.
The aim is once again to keep us frightened and anxious enough (without going to the hysteria) to enable the government to derail us when they need it.
I think it is perfectly logical that, if we must undergo an emergency budget in the absence of any crisis, an emergency in the absence of any terrorist attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of any proven cases?
It seems that this government seeks to save us from crises that he himself has created.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations for this post, and to still be in this world after almost 35 years.
At the beginning it must have been horrible, given the context of the years 1980-90.
I'm bluffing, live with the certainty to spend for years .....
Testimony completely useless.
As always when it comes to science.
Not only the testimonies are no use: taken in isolation, they cannot serve as a scholarly material.
But they have a harmful influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
@ traffic: the evidence cannot be used in materials science.
Perhaps it is for that reason that we refrain from asking questions to patients in psychiatry when reliable observations from relatives.
My psychiatric records mentioned that my mother psychiatrist explained that I was educated by his mother-in-law 2063.
This is therefore a symptom goal.
When I say that it is rubbish, it is a testimony to subjective without importance.
Yeah, because the certification of a fact (= here this testimony, evidence of the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments) serves no purpose in a scientific process?
On what do you base the research, then?
On fantasies?
You put at the same level of fanciful theories and facts (= giving rise to verifiable evidence)?
"Resilience": the word bogus idolized by grandmothers, fans of 15 years Delarue, who take themselves for major psychologists after reading D Ansembourg.
@ Jim: there are lots of meaningless buzzwords among shrinks.
Cyrulnik gave us the scope of the "resilience".
As this is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that we will have tinkered a reliable measure of the scale to quantify, this famous resilience.
I wonder if the Sentinels of the air could all save us from Farage and company??
It does not make you think about Team America?
Seriously, this is * not * a good idea to highlight the Sentinels of the air...
And why?
It was a brilliant series and it seems that those who are aware of!
So let us allow our salvation to the Almighty who can make miracles happen.
But how are they going to do that children catch on?
The only solution that comes to mind is the humour kind pipi-caca, which would kill the series.
It was already a series for children.
Upholding children.
AH, because this is a series for children?
The UKIP are working for the Mysterons.
So keep your Team America.
Always in Supermarionation?
This would not be the same if we don't see the son, and the animation is done well.: -)
I look forward to seeing this (as an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea to a chain of redistribute the old.
The series has almost never stopped being aired here in Australia; it makes at least 40 years old you have a one-hour episodes on Saturdays and Sundays at 6 p.m.
Since the advent of free digital TV a few years ago it was on one of the commercial channels of second order and you can still see it in these times.
And in most of the episodes now spend half an hour at 05: 30, Monday to Friday!
Agree, I am probably a "sad" guy from 60 years ago, but I don't watch this series every day!
He did not have the "Temple Mount" in or under the mosque squares!!!
The Zionists radicals have invented this in order to give themselves a political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Indeed, all Israeli archaeological dig underneath and around the mosque squares for the past several decades have not enabled us to find.
Temple Mount is if it exists it is elsewhere.
May be in Argentina??
This mountain is not wanted for the simple reason that it is the hill on which was built the esplanade of the mosques.
At its peak, or dome of the Rocher, juts out in the middle of the Mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Muhammad ascended to heaven from the rock.
For Jews, it is the Mount Moriah, where Abraham nearly sacrificed his son Isaac.
The moment she was taken and globalization, it is not propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its extremists, it is worth repeating regularly, and unfortunately they are relayed to the government (Naftali Bennett, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, the latter had accepted the plan to 2 states, and has scuttled continuously!).
It is also good to show how the annexation of Jerusalem is not peaceful.
God will recognize his own freedom fighter?
The shortest of the Jewish joke: "thank God".
For boasting about tourism in Israel, it shows us how often young naiads half dévêtues alanguies, on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what we watch advertising, as you can see on the photo illustrating the article.
CA fait un peu peur quand même.
And this photo is a magnificent piece of propaganda!
A shame that the photographer for Reuters has not taken pictures of the hundreds of Palestinians allowed to go on the Temple Mount and who prefer relly Jewish worshippers below, praying at the Wailing Wall.
@ Mat, If this photo that disturbs you, that is all right, this is neither the newspaper nor the photographer, but this woman and the ideology that it transmits that should be condemned.
This system is unsustainable and will end in tears.
The only way to put an end to this system, it is the revolution.
Now that the economy seems to spiral out of control, the big companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have managed to persuade their employees that they're lucky to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase salaries, while at the same time and without hiding, they have given earnings always more important to the small elite at the top.
You are right, that is not sustainable, but that will not change in this country that when workers really speak with one voice.
Instead of old rant and moan when someone else makes the strike, 2008, show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is concerned not just with their problems, but also shows to your employer that you don't screw people with impunity.
Except if we abandon democracy, in which case, if it is sustainable.
I totally agree.
The only thing you forgot is that the British and US companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where the social and environmental conditions are the worst.
Such as, for example, China and India.
All of this can't end well.
It is because we live in a democracy that it has held.
Did you vote for the TTIP?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to increase the profits of companies held by these people in and bypassing national governments through the secret tribunals.
It seems incredible, but that's exactly what serves as a mechanism for the settlement of disputes between investors and States (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and trying to alert people about the damage the unimaginable that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we are starting to talk about them in the media: independent Guardian World Development Movement Look at these links and you will understand what is in the process of being negotiated in your back.
Churchill said "blood, sweat, and tears"?
Those who make excellent benefits, while digital money has no reason to fall and still less to grow on trees.
The next weakest link will probably be the automotive market.
This gentleman has a point, in the 18th there were trade unions in all regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Laissez-là (finally, its officers, the other, nobody knows) believing it is the safe of the eternal values of France, and she will fight and will close its mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of Nation, have this small relic, it is comforting.
Even if for it, is becoming increasingly uncomfortable...
They you lack even the sindicat sdes married men, married women, a feeling, a feeling of lost dogs, and I don't know what yet
If you do not write correctly the French, I am syndique.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defense of the interests we have already well enough protected occupations with unions, and this has created a breach of equality with the other citizens.
Please do not laugh about fear of risk on the part of public officials.
You can very well imagine a system that ensures a certain freedom of expression without unions, or without the right to strike, as in Germany, in exchange for the protection that they enjoy.
If not disaster.
And with the carts, which are gearing up for the government welcomes this.
What kind of security are you talking about?
Ignorance is indeed...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I was referring to the military and other officials, as this is the topic here commented...
Delete "through its delegates" in Article 8 of the preamble of the constitution of 1946.
It will become: "8.
Any worker participates in the collective determination of working conditions as well as to the management of companies ".
This is absolutely essential with the emergence of power informative.
And yet you have open, presumably read and then comment on an article specifically titled "The Great British Bake Off review".?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought of the need to start the conversation.
Anyway this is the wedding of Joffrey that I looked, and I can tell you that some people have been well seasoned.
In the episode of the wedding of Joffrey was one of the best moments (albeit misleading: it was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, the pie mmmh...
For Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely, the show ends with a victory for the baker, the least worst; nobody gave any kind "boom, that is my fucking cake now bouffez-le and bending in front of your master"!
Maybe the additional pressure from friends and relatives outside has finally had an effect for them?
The preceding weeks, all these people outside were required at the gap.
And there is also this idea of 'playing the security, there is always next week "who disappears in the last week.
I love cooking but I do not imagine I inflict it.
I am grateful to those who do so and so we offer great entertainment and pushes us to try new things.
In prior to GBBO 2015!
I agree, the last challenge of the last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
Professionals generally place days for them and they had to cobble together a 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to decide, I don't know how they have been able to select a winner.
For Luis, the only true default that they have been able to find it was the base a little dry (even if I agree with Hollywood to say that the green icing on the mill of Richard did not want anyway Richard had already lost at that time).
I must admit that several challenges of this series seems a little artificial because of time constraints.
There is also the looming cancer, with the blows of solar wind.
Obviously, everything we managed at this time.
A bad time to spend for humanity, one hopes.
You mistake solar wind and ultraviolet radiation.
UV rays are blocked by mainly the ozone layer which was formed precisely by the impact of the residual particles of solar wind and UV radiation.
So even if the magnetic field has weakened, there would not be enough solar wind to "chase" the ozone in the stratosphere.
There would be even more, and therefore less UV and "cancers".
Fortunately that the ozone layer is not blocking UV rays.
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If we restrict ourselves to the man they have the interest to enable us to have bones (synthesis of vitamin D), less than the infrared (heat), to modulate our immune system and, apparently, to improve our morale.
The ozone layer is blocking the UVC carcinogenic and can pass through most of the UVA and UVB rays.
You know that you are not obliged to be patronising and to treat your partner as a remained when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor detail that was implied in the commentary, which he himself intended to show evidence of pedagogy.
Without saying that I am an habitué of melanoma, the UV is acceler its development.
They do not PROVOQUENT.
For proof: all those bronzed have not necessarily of melanomas.
Or, when a doctor tells you that you should avoid the sun and live at the bottom of a cave, it is better not to listen because the UV is necessary for any human.
The excess, however, is as any: he kills.
But for other reasons.
Ultraviolet radiation causes directly melanoma.
Can you bend?
And, more important, can you pass the blender?
Or spend the blender ...
I believe that the majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if it applies sufficient strength and robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable for its intended use.
I think that the army would need something more resilient and has not yet adopted the iPhone6 as communications equipment on the front line.
But for the rest of us,
It's still a good choice.
The majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if it applies a force sufficient
Except a Nokia 3310.
Specifically, is it already folded?
We made this joke in every discussion.
I decided to count them.
This is the fourth joke about folding that I read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed as it.
Prior to that specific software is installed, one imagines that the phone has been removed from the main production chain and it is hard to see how he could return.
Therefore, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....................................................................
The more likely it is that it is a unit of production on which the iOS has not been properly installed and which is therefore stuck with test code factory installed.
I do not know how they do those things.
But, does that mean they would test software on all?
The photographs on Ebay logo clearly show the absence of FCC or EC and the presence of a red connector of prototype.
Ah the article for wrinkle par excellence.
We want cheap products, and it is surprising that the industries produce in 'industrial' On highlighting super u but all the signs and even the small business are concerned How bouffer good, Bio avac 1650 € (average wage in france)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small wage.
After everyone is free to put its priorities where it chooses.
For my part the diet is one.
Go without rancour, I embrace you
So-called boboécolos Bohemians, or better, people who see the world through a "software" ideology that leads them to disconnect with reality.
This is the total unbundling pensée-raison.
They are experts in posturing, for example claim to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
There are also experts in tartuferie, echoing the gauche-caviar, of which they are sometimes produced, for example, by condemning the releases of CO2 while spending their holiday in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our fellow citizens do not support this mix of ideology and lourdaude tartuferie also don't be surprised to meet often criticism about them.
For this, thank you for this theorizing complete and thorough as well as for all the details associated with aircraft, shower (...).
I'd love to be part of it but I do not find me there.
The concept is not so complicated.
The boboécolos are monocoque.
You have understood the concept of the gauche-caviar?
And while you are capable of understanding the concept of boboécolo.
This is the perfect copy with just an ideological undertone.
The classification would be more complicated if we are interested in any short minded.
The boboécolo in part but is only the most visible of the fringe minded because this is the one that infests the media.
Here is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, no one wants to watch this giraffe in front.
She is so poorly made that it looks vaguely at a naked female.
Hush, you are off the mark.
We need to be part of the microcosm of the art to understand the breathtaking beauty of the truth of this work.
But you simply do no legitimacy to make a comment since you have not spent countless decades to study and to flatter of great artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin does not know draw and still seems to be obsessed with the same subject.
The important thing is that she has really managed to become fabulously rich and famous in having no artistic ability.
It is of * art *.
No, it is the pig.
The fact that Emin does not know draw
This is not really a fact.
It is more of an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate what are realistic replicas of dogs who smoke while playing billiards.
Judge art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Draw - is much more than simply represent the real.
If you are looking for that, a camera will do.
The author also speaks of the expressionism of Emin.
Look again and let the image speak for itself, without being compared to the kind of drawing that you may prefer.
If it is so easy, why do you not do this yourself?
There is room for savings: the activities of riding, the number of horses of the Republican Guard or the status of generals who are no longer in active service....
L (honesty requires us to say that France reduces its workforce, but as they have done in all the countries, sometimes way even more drastic, starting with Britain.
This is only half encouraging...
The operational without the support, it quickly finds its limits!
A unique approach, at a time when we are seeing the weaknesses, the inadequacies of our defence structures, in particular in the Sahel.
A blow for the local communities, who lose a dimension of their activities, or even a part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuarisation?
@ edmond: this is what I was saying, look else where to make savings, but especially not for me, for me it is really not possible...
This is exactly what you are proposing to do, look elsewhere where the waste is certain.
That all those who have had little or no contact with the military and dare to come here and say, the eyes in the eye that there is not money wasted in this area and this not burst of laughter...
It applies the same potion for the whole of the public service and the public finances will go a little better.
And really: for Josi reloud: look at the inflation of the public sector jobs, in other departments and you will understand why La Défense can consider itself a little loaded!
Yeah, the savings on which everybody agrees that we need to do them, though that is see somewhere, no?
Lack of pot, those on whom it falls a corpse to the assassination when it happens at home, the poor dear.
Should be done but especially so that it doesn't fall on top of me because, in this case, it is a crime and not an economy.
Cranks, va!
How close the Val de Grace will weaken our defense tool in the Sahel?
With respect to local communities, history repeats itself every closure of post, maternity, hospital, fire station.
But everyone is to the economies of course.
This is bizarre, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and no pleasure of savings in public spending.
This article really is the most amazing thing I have ever read!
This embarrassing moment where the first three people who comment on doing the same bad joke.
It is depressing to scroll through his Facebook thread and see that 80% of his friends have started their statutes with the sentence "It's embarrassing moment".
I think they'll make it into a film.
It will surely on hilarious scenes where someone stumbled on his ex in the bus on the way to work and realise just where her skirt is back in her panties.
It is not embarrassing, it is completely dumb.
Not really, in my opinion the author adopts the role of the typical British man who was always learned to bury his emotions and to bite the bullet.
I am sure that if you're a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return on stage after 25 years of absence was something strong.
Do you realize that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to see who will have the rights?
I do not have "the internet".
I do not think I should be able to comment on.
Not having a computer.
My god, I need to track this film before I die!
I cannot believe how this article is the most incredible thing I've ever read!
Charlie has really demonstrated that he is at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe that is the satirical journalism!
I fell backwards!
It is absolutely necessary that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so they have finally enlightenment and discover the incredible fulgurance and unsurpassed engineering which springs from the keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine light.
Good god, this was really zero.
Especially if they are neither women nor of transvestites.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive evolution within democracies: the rise of regional policies and effective voluntary initiatives.
Until further notice, we forfeit the right to save our planet by countries that play the hypocrites at each meeting to save the planet.
We therefore decide, citizens, to take things in hand.
With the Commissioner that they planted in the energy, all those nice recommendations went crazy....
Translate: room and solar farms are the Rond points tomorrow.
All funded by the Supreme tribuable.
I beg you, stop this speech pro-nuclear.
The pollution is not limited to CO2.
The radioactivity is much more harmful to the level of its waste and in the case of an accident.
As long as that the industry is not under control in its entirety, it is better to limit to the laboratories.
Renewables are our only salvation, provided, of course, drastically reduced our consumption.
Electricity by renewables to combat CO2 emissions?
France is not concerned.
Nuclear electricity is zero emission of CO2 production and epsilon for the other stages.
The renewable electricity by PV or wind is already more GHG on the other stages and especially of the gas, or even coal, as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittency.
Replace nuclear power with renewable's PV or wind would run counter to the fight against CO2 emissions.
I do not insult you Christial me I am Doctor of the State in 1981 of more physical sciences so I did some research in nuclear physics, I challenge you to prove the Barcelo is contrary to what I said.
For which I did not say it is you who lend me ideas I have said nothing about Germany nothing nothing in fact you have not responded to what I was saying and like all people of the right to demolish the caller I do ever.
I mention also the conclusion of experts mandated by the German Government: the current agenda of the Germany of renewable energies is an unprofitable and inefficient way to reduce GHG emissions and should be arrested.
0 emissions if you don't count the extraction of uranium and the construction and if you don't count the water vapour of greenhouse gas effect whatsoever that Co2 it is true recall, two-thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear plant goes into water vapour and a little water in the rivers.
I stopped reading when you spoke of Pakistan as a "giant of South Asia" ...!!
The last time, Pakistan has won against the Hindustan.
I'm not surprised, most Indians who post comments do not want to read and comment on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your state of mind.
It would have been like if they had qualified India of giant of South Asia...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players involved, but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
This would simply be opening a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafiosi.
As to the ISL, the opening match of today has been surprisingly interesting, the Athletico of Kolkata is imposing 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go.
In comparison to the billions and billions that India spends on cricket in the IPL and now football, how could one day compete with our "noisy neighbours"...
The race to launch low cost is paid for in cash.
A pity for such a wonderful project.
For the incident, the eventual design defect does not manifest itself only with a helium too cold.
It is, therefore, perhaps not in a design flaw, but of implementation...
Unlike arianespace which is a private company, it appears that Soyuz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same as here the state is its own insurer..
Maybe they will pay the satellites in frigates who knows..
This is all the more unfortunate that many media resumed in loop only the titles of articles - and that many readers only remember those securities.
In total it creates a false impression, contrary to the content of the article itself.
Totally agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it unfairly puts in question the project so that it is only a problem of launcher.
