The left of UKIP who refuse those living with HIV are a perfect example.
You talk about when Nigel Farage said that the NHS should not be used to pay for those who come to the UK to do health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he replied yes, when the interviewer asked him specifically if people living with HIV are included in the undesirables.
First you use specious arguments, and then discredit them by a thinly veiled homophobia.
Whenever I or my family, we need the NHS, we have to queue behind intolerant chronic hypochondriasis who think that everything is due to them.
I think it is you who are using specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the lunatic right, hardly exists.
I think this is called democracy.
Then nobody would be affected by the actions of UKIP against health tourism, so there is no problem.
It was only in the parallel universe of UKIP that Carswell may appear as a revolutionary.
A quote from a dishcloth is not proof.
Yes, so shoot the messenger.
The Mail did not write the report, he did not make that comment.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for spreading such a populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I don't think you know what is a specious argument.
You don't know anything about either of my personal situation or of my identity, then you should be careful when you try to kill the debate by accusations of homophobia.
The sentence of Farage has surprised many, but only because it speaks so rarely about this problem.
He has absolutely no homophobic remark.
It's going to take you back to you.
I'm not quite sure where you want to come, but I guess you don't like when the media talk about what you don't like.
We are talking about it so rarely, because unlike Farage and his crazy followers of Thatcher who think that AIDS and floods are a sign of god and not a reflection on their own inability to understand that the complexities of humanity is something good, then not.
Finally, the situation is so rotten in Ireland and Spain.
With the new crisis that comes the period of austerity will do nothing.
Expect almost 5% growth in 2015 it is a big joke.
Ireland was the "tiger of Europe" we bragged about it, a few years ago.
It was known then!
This recommmence has read the article.
We are trying to make people believe that Ireland is a virtuous country and that a "new economic miracle" is happening.
With the agreement of Brussels, taxes on corporations are the lowest in Europe, a very flexible labour market, emigration continues.
With these ingredients not enough to "celebrate" at the moment with the arrival of the Poles.
In the eighties of the twentieth century, the irlance was one of the poorest countries in the union, with the portugal In whereas a constant perimeter, without the nouveauy countries, the situation is still better than it was.
Greece was in front.
Their development has not been a quiet, it is in the light of the recent event.
Tax rates are the lowest in Europe?
This is wrong!
Latvia has a 0% tax rate on businesses.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France from policies on taxes actually paid by multinationals.
According to a report released in 2008 or 2009, they pay in France less than 5% in general.
Only SMEs pay full pot.
Now I can confirm that the traffic has become huge, and there are new cars (and chere) has any street corner, exactly as before the 2008 crisis.
I live in Dublin has for the past 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily traffic jams since the beginning of the year.
This is supposed to be the economic news?
Don't worry, I'm sure the comments will soon ignite.
In another article that they are in the process of writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are involved in a collision on the A140.
Does Ryanair now transfer passengers on a flight to another in this way?
I think Mr. O'Leary will soon buy a whole new fleet of aircraft, so a few bumps and scratches on the old will be quickly forgotten.
Having said that I fly with him next week, then I hope it will not be on one of these two once rafistolés.
Then it would be entirely the fault of the other pilot.
Is it that Ryanair has to pay a surcharge to passengers for the additional fear that it was willing to provide them?
But without this sort of Irish business, you can't afford to go on vacation, young man
I have never taken Ryanair and the last 3 times that I got on the plane that was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers excellent service.
No, but it's Ryanair, then they can give their hearts.
Any article on Ryanair triggers dozens of comments from people who would never Ryanair in the place of those who love to take Ryanair and think that those who pay anything other than the basic rate only have themselves to blame, etc.
It is pretty transparent.
Ryanair will not be happy with the extra cost due to this incident.
I wonder what will be the delays and if we are going to have to compensate the passengers, and if that's the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was a mistake of the controllers at the airport.
The passengers were put on another plane in less than an hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your dreams of compensation.
Welcome aboard the British Airways flight that takes the English ISIS in Syria, not true as you say.
Bon voyage
Last Sunday in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: the Marais is largely pedestrianised, and literally wiggling.
People do not come here en masse for the quality of the restaurants (whatever, for the most part) or for the Salon magazine in the Area of Blancs-Manteaux (hyper- intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd, is that the shops are open and that the neighborhood is incredibly vibrant and lively.
With many foreigners who spend...
You believe that the opening of the Sunday will created jobs?
Go to a Paris Rue des Francs Bourgeois where the shops are open on Sunday, packed with world with 50% of tourists.
@Aloes False!
The only argument that would seem to me to be admissible is in areas receiving a significant number of foreign tourists and it is tempered by the fact that they are buying tax-free.
The tourist areas each year lose a considerable amount of turnover for the same reasons.
The rest of the industry where expensive equipment, operated on Sunday, lead to lower prices.
The rest is a right enjoyed, with some exceptions, employees.
That is why it is planned and regulated by the Labour Code.
Neither the minister in charge of the economy, or, for that matter, those responsible for foreign affairs, do not have any jurisdiction to reform the labour code.
Then they wear.
The law is what?
To satisfy a portion of the population and businesses who wish to work on Sunday.
In Montreal on Sunday apm I take my children to the local library.
In my town of 30,000 people where I live in France, the municipal library is open 4 days a week but not WE!
That's the access to culture...
And this is also the regulation of working time.
The lifestyle he defended tenaciously against fascism
The lifestyle he has defended tenaciously against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the estate of his daughter was, against his will, to use to pay inheritance tax?
There are paintings.
Some are good, others are not terrible.
No doubt that his estate would like a slice of the pie, if you pardon the expression.
His preference for a victory of the nationalists/Franco in the Spanish Civil War...
And his hostility to independence from places like Ireland and India and its fascist ideas as a whole and also add her well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
I did not either.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, he was perfect.
In 1940, He stood up to the other toffs in government who wanted to talk about a "deal" with the Nazis and he has very skillfully won.
Thanks to his beautiful rhetoric and his energy, he united the country in the idea that the fight against the fascists was the only way to win.
The people of the United Kingdom, and France, and Belgium and, ultimately, the world can thank god to have had over the past five years, just the last five years, Churchill at the helm and nobody else.
The greatness of Churchill has nothing to do with this discussion.
His descendants sell the paintings on the open market to raise money for estate costs, they could even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire in a museum, they gather the money to buy it.
It is as simple as that.
But we could use the tax money.
No one can deny that, when it was the "moment of truth," the personality of Churchill was a positive benefit for his country during the Second World War.
A revival of the internal market by public works will favour the large corporations, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, the building of infrastructure is by definition not renewable.
With regard to the social reforms advocated by the Minister, they accurately reflect the true evil francai: s distrust of dialogue
Return to the values SPARROW.
A reform of unemployment insurance is not contradictory.
The weakest among us is not in need!
Or jointly we come to his aid, either, he was RIGHT in exchange for the services rendered or delivered to a minimum of resources.
The SM40H that I prefer the minimum wage is equal to that vision.
There is also the landlord who lives on income from properties.
There is reason to differentiate between someone who invests for a return to the time of his retirement and the one who lives his annuities.
To rent a property or two for a couple at the top, it's vice
The little genius of Finance a singular lack of imagination.
The new deal was a policy of major projects, but at a time of major infrastructure.
Today, in Europe and France, this is not the case.
The developed countries are suréquipés.
The need for infrastructure is so marginal in any way a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the question of the decay is emerging in response to a recession that is only a brutal, savage decline
You were right, 30 years ago: most need (or potential) of dams, coal mines, motorways...
But if you want to make it less harsh climate energy - the future shock, then, the need for investment is shouting: isolation, renovation of the rail network, urban transport, storage and transportation, energy etc...
A tax system that encourages high income earners and pensioners.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a galopin.
The profits of Samsung are undermined by the iPhone 6 and its competitors in the same range.
The introduction by mid-September Apple? larger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus may have attracted buyers who otherwise would have bought a Galaxy
I tested all these phones and I decided to take the LG G3.
So Samsung has lost me as a customer, but not to the benefit of Apple.
I think it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft introduced this philosophy, we have experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple and the open-source community.
We need to have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
In addition we all have different needs, and they cannot be satisfied by a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I love their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design.
Some people do not attach any value to the design, for them the options, functionality and price.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Stop looking for "a better platform."
Is there a "best car manufacturer," not really, they are different, but similar.
I would like to see a thriving industry of mobile phones, with radically different approaches to people and different markets.
It is healthier, and must be encouraged.
That is in all our interests.
I am pleased that you have found exactly what you were looking for, and that this is not an Apple product, even if I have made a different choice.
Most people I know have iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontistes who, according to one of them fought against the ideas and not men (on the contrary, of course, Bohemians Parisians) could they tell us what the authors they are fighting the ideas on gender and show us the books that they intend to actually fight.
Or are they just the type as described in Le Figaro, Minute or Valeurs Actuelles?
Their source is Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, Jean, I love you, and you're someone clever and cultivated.
I said this on Judith in the vein of Furusato evoking Holopherne, rapprochement, which I had not reached (I don't have his alertness).
Otherwise, in the "bottom," as you are back, this matter is of no interest to me, and frankly I don't see where the problem is: I was hoping that you and your friends could get me out of my backwardness, because I am slow, but I do understand...
@ John: acknowledge that, culturally, referring to Judith Holopherne, does it.
Who is afraid to wonder Le Monde?
But what we are afraid of those who are afraid?
@ Furasato and give us some answers.
The first citing the Judith of the Bible, the second in calling Judith Butler trencher very symbolic throat.
We have seen how much these studies are in the most intimate home.
We obviously do more in the discussion of the idea.
This is something else, much deeper.
@ You read, Jean, that Le Monde published an article on the necessity of theology?
@: When it comes to a debate of ideas, I thought it was appropriate to go to the sources.
Claim to be fighting ideas from this one statement by critics (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Theory of Gender or X Lacroix, a theologian) does not seem to me to be very careful.
But hey, as I explained to our friend umpfrontiste it is the difference between having an informed opinion and a simple opinion.
I am not on the fact that it is understood the nuance.
I have not read Judith, the trencher very symbolic throat, I am satisfied with the "second sex" (it was more of my time), which I think is the source of the "source" according to the wishes of Lo.
When I was watching the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon was briefly shown when the clouds are open.
This sudden emergence of the red moon had its charm and offset a bit of a disappointment to sometimes be blocked by clouds.
It was amazing here in FNQ.
Yes, the cloud last night really bound off the coast of Victoria and NSW, while most of the rest of Australia had a clear weather.
Special Flash blood moon.
Tony Abbott/Joe Hockey makes the Labor leader.
But if the Labour Party accepts our unfair budget, we will return to its true colour as soon as possible.
You obsess about it, eh?
I was in Melbourne, then of course I have not seen that clouds.
Melbourne has also managed to cover throughout the week of the Perseid meteor shower and for virtually all important astronomical phenomena in recent years.
I am starting to think that there is an evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent people from Melbourne to see anything from the sky.
Melbourne is not really the best place for an observatory, although things are improving greatly on the other side of the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes where I couldn't see the eclipse because of the clouds over the suburbs of Melbourne.
I'll put a TAX on this eclipse.
Anyone watching this eclipse should pay a TAX.
I bet that your first thought of the day is for Abbott, just like the last one before you go to bed.
Who or what you obsédera when it (inevitably) will disappear?
It seems that you spend a lot of time to read the discussions by seeking messages in which people criticize the Abbott government to then accuse THEM of being obsessed with it.
Superb photo of the moon above the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
It looks like Mars will collide with Earth!
Nothing about the real estate and stock market speculation.
Nothing about the inequalities between labour and capital.
Nothing about tax evasion.
The ultra liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing about the gardens of Babylon...
The article says too much or not enough.
The details and the arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No link to the original documents so that we can get an opinion.
See today Tuesday, October 15, the results of revenue miracles: in Spain, exports are at the lowest level in five years.
In Greece the stock market collapses.
Yet it seems the examples to follow.
The reform of the notaries would make a claim on the order of 8 billion euros.
The Ministry of Economy tells us that these claims are unfounded.
What in the event of a mistake by the Ministry of Economy?
Policy makers who have reaped the political benefits resulting from the courageous attack of notaries will they have the same courage at the presentation of the bill to the budget of the state?
Later in his time.
OK, thank you, JYL....
@Lol Not the state is not comparable to households with regard to the management of its budget because the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite, whereas the household is bounded by the life of its members.
In addition, unless you consider that government spending is unproductive, they help to finance investment the tangible and intangible promise of future growth and therefore future revenues.
A few answers.
An unfortunate decision.
But remember the sacred Hippocratic oath: the health of the profits of pharmaceutical companies in the world must be preserved, first and foremost.
Nice conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not correspond to your fantasy.
The medical staff would like to be able to use them, but they have their hands tied by the law as written by politicians.
It's the same situation as the product that causes medical abortions instead of having risky surgical interventions, shoot secure for addicts rather than having them in the streets, etc.
On these matters, politicians want to give pleasure to the uneducated masses.
In fact, doctors do not earn money with drugs.
That's why there are pharmacists.
Doctors do not earn money with drugs Given that the Liberals want our health care system is similar to that of the United States, you should find out about how it works.
Around the world, doctors are courted in the same way, but it's more or less visible.
Perhaps it was poorly worded to put the blame on the toubibs, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, give priority to the profits of businesses and the "research."
Then read the few reports on our spending of Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and the negotiations with pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries.
Compare the world price of drugs everywhere, as well as the differences from one country to another on what is over-the-counter or prescription only.
It reinforces this is a political and economic process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact, some companies are at this very moment of testing on the puffs of marijuana against the pain of cancer, in spite of the laws that constrain and expensive permits.
Although the manufacturers of certain drugs may not be happy that we use alternatives such as marijuana, those who reach a version offering good quality products at doses known will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you Ms. but you are wrong, it happens a lot in the wings for doctors and pharmacy.
With regard to this hospital, they were happy to use them until someone puts the chip to the ear of a head of the hospital.
We cannot DÉTENIR patents on the grass...
If the "researchers" in the social sciences were doing research instead of doing politics and networking, maybe we could use their "work."
A researcher survey, it does not compare one to another.
Compare this is not to look.
Compare it to educate not research.
You cannot say "research is successful it needs to be applied" and then in a single jet "experiment."
If your research is successful, why try?
If your research is not successful, you ask why they are applied?
Can you explain to me how a "researcher" can infer that a student who cannot assimilate the mathematics alone could more easily mathematics and other subjects?
New technologies make it possible to learn on the condition that the students learn to use new technologies, but how would they learn new technologies if they do not know how to learn?
The pisa tests are only one indicator doing an indicator which enables us to find indicators that we are satisfactory.
What's the point of building an indicator that informs you of what suits you, a desire for self promotion, a deception?
Only one runway to train teachers: get away from the training the sophists and ideologues and that practitioners teach practitioners.
Fabrice re-read the paragraph on internships (which unfortunately is not very argumentative) and you will see that your conclusion is pushing us to conservatism the most ineffective: "It is a device that leads to the reproduction of current practices, and that does not advance the system."
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system you cannot wish that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their place in a modern training of teachers
Theorists of education must have no place.
Practitioners must have one.
Would you want to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and who has never set foot in a theatre before?
There is no consensus on the causes of the problems of the educational system.
Give more weight to the theorists of education, it would destroy it permanently.
Your analogy is totally crappy: if I would not like to be operated on by a practitioner who has only a theoretical training, I would like even less to make me operated on by a surgeon who has no formal training and learned on the job.
Mike Weatherley, the Conservative MP in charge of the fight against copyright infringement by David Cameron
Why does it not just for Cameron to stop?
Someone should make an arrest.
MDR exmaiers Thank you.
If one day I am beginning to feel guilty of infringing copyright, it will suffice to read an article like this.
In an information economy, copyright infringement = theft.
It's the same thing because they should cite their sources properly.
Often, a licence does not cost anything.
No, it is a violation of copyright law.
Definitely not the same thing.
Using content without the appropriate license, you are cheating the artists for their livelihood.
You can always discuss pédantes assumptions - but it is theft.
And you can repeat it as much as you want, it's not about to become true.
It is a violation of copyright law.
Go, repeat it again.
If one day I am beginning to feel guilty of infringing copyright
Obviously you don't bother to deprive artists of their income.
If they think that they should receive money for images used in school homework, an almost perfect definition of what should be a reasonable use, then I am happy to deprive them of this phantom income.
The lesson number 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish on their favourite social networks, they abandon any intellectual property at the site under the conditions they have passed a click.
Maybe if they share the headphones of their MP3 players with a boyfriend in the school bus, they should be expelled for violating the law in such a way.
Ah, if we could export this resource that we regorgeons, complaining that everything is going wrong....
If it is a member of the PS who says, then we have to believe it.
I have 2 children and when they will be in the age of choice, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed in the meantime.
France pulls people down in the assistant continuously.
I don't want my children to bear the debt that this policy has created.
What makes France downwards, it is the rhetoric like yours.
@Gus I have worked in private business since always.
I have been, to have worked in businesses run by excellent business leaders: it exists in France, but it is rare.
I am an employee because I know that I don't have the skills to run a business and this allows me to demonise the bosses void I encounter frequently.
At ease in my sneakers, I completely agree with the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan: he says the awful truth!
@Gus, when compared with the German companies that the heads of French companies cite constantly to demand reform in France, Germany, companies have been able to structure their industrial fabric to make it competitive, in particular by ensuring the link between large enterprises and small and medium sized - what do the French bosses to do the same??
The state takes their hand?
This state they accuse of incompetence?
@ Jacques L..
This verse still anti business leaders from you!
Remind me, what have you created as a job, as an added value, to be so harsh?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, France is faced with an intractable problem: the incompetence of the French business leaders are incapable of creating jobs and shunned and minaudent pending permanent handouts from the state!
This is terrible!
But they have solutions: abolition of the Labour Code, labour costs, taxes, work 45 hours a week paid 35, and some, walking on eggshells, dare to claim the drop in wages if their removal!
I look forward to seeing all the "negative" comments on this topic.
Which is ironic given the way people always complain about First Group.
As far as I can see where I am, Last has not really been an investment for us taxpayers.
They have tried to keep afloat rather than transform.
It doesn't mean that the Scottish railways have not improved since last.
But they were also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately we do not have the authority to do this, unfortunately.
I tried to get them recently, but I have not succeeded.
But hey, Labour will get us out of boredom, isn't it...
It is an international subsidiary.
They already operate trains in Germany.
There is nothing to stop people in the UK to create a more moral and take part in the bidding process.
But it seems that we are not very good at management, most of our privatized services will eventually be managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First won the contract with Virgin, for all of this that the decision was finally cancelled.
And there's more: MTR, a Hong Kong company won the contract to operate the Crossrail for 8 years.
Well the Labour Party, as they told us during the referendum campaign, is totally for the pooling and sharing, and I think that workers should all help each other across the borders.
We can therefore assume that they will be pleased with this decision;)
Perhaps it is because the management of the Dutch is on track, while that of the British people is not.
What ScotRail needs is not simply a change of ownership, but especially for new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad option, but the real problem is the ridiculous franchising system, not the franchisor.
"It was a girl swinging."
Lord, I hate, but I really hate this kind of expression.
To assume that being a "wing" is a superior quality to many others, concern for others, the intelligence, empathy, for example, being a "wing" has nothing to do with that can survive a disease: cancer patients "wings," which are no less dead, I know of palanquées.
Out of a disease has nothing to do with merit.
We are going to go back too.
I am not saying it is the condition for gérir, I can tell you that it's AIDE.
There is nothing to do with any merit...!
When it comes to examples of your life, there is no need for you to judge them.
I start.
To suggest, even for a moment, that there may be merit to get out of a disease or can be démériter not to come out of it, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body that is cowardly, everywhere, in spite of the will, despite the confidence in the medicine, you have a vague idea of what C?
Sorry to think otherwise, if they have a strong moral probably makes it easier to accept heavy treatment and prepare for it, to try experimental treatments like this woman and not reject them out of fear.
Someone who is flying in medicine, it is above all someone who has confidence in medicine.
But if you prefer to rely on the "lord" is something else.
With neither the courage nor deserved.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch a dirt, a real one, you get stripped to the point of becoming a zombie.
Personally, I've got two, dirt, large, and if I am "beaten" as say these psychologists, I was completely missed.
Unless this fight is only to shake the teeth, to suffer and to hell with the punches.
I thought that the accusation against Milosevic had been decided and finalised a decade ago.
I haven't seen that name in the newspapers at least since that time.
What is happening?
It's a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial was conducted "quickly" and then swept under the carpet.
Is the story that was told at the time?
The Communist Party has become a nationalist who has triggered three wars in the Balkans over the last decade?
The communist president of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, ask us what has been deliberately left out: 1.
How the NATO bombing could be legal under any rule of international law?
What country did Serbia attacked?
About RTS (Radio - Television -Serbia), why do you not mention that NATO has destroyed this same building, killing civilians, then it was considered a valid target.
Milosevic had no way out of it: if he did not defend his country against the onslaught of NATO, he would be crucified as a traitor.
And if he stood, it would be swallowed by the Western trammer compressor.
Westerners have used as a smoke screen to detach part of a sovereign state that has unilaterally declared independence and was quickly recognized by Western states who then lied end-to-end on the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, is politically dead after his first term for failing to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures in the politics of the time.
Ultimately, the Guardian should not call Milosevic tyrant (even if we didn't like it).
To my knowledge there is in Greece as a method of prediction of earthquakes walking around, by measuring the level in the piezoelectric quartz.
This kind of " study is undoubtedly useful and thank you for sharing the results.
Hope so, but caution is the water This has nothing to do with that of the exoplanet named NDT - P - 11b, located approximately 124 light years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, which would be "the planet the smallest and most cold to make water molecules detected," according to a study conducted by the team of Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine of the University of Maryland.
Way to do so.
Just like those involving animals feeling a threat to arrive.
Thank you Passeuris science that we enjoy, often, these experimental prowess that are carried out in the world.
How do animals know (A)?
No doubt by the perception of other elements whose rate is changing in the event of an earthquake.
Such as radon for example.
A priori odorless gas for the man but perhaps detectable by the animals.
All these methods are undetectable to the man, but not for measuring instruments available to him.
But we don't have a reliable result on those tracks...
It has been repeatedly observed (and for centuries) that some animals act in a strange way for a few hours with an earthquake, including chickens, cows, dogs but especially fish and snakes.
I saw a story about arte telling the battle of two teams of scientists, one in California, the other Japanese, to recognize the validity of their work, which focused on the sensitivity of animals to magnetic fields, and especially to their modification before Pacaya.
So of course I am not a scientist but their assumptions had convinced me!
Or are we on this research?
Why so much contempt for this track?
We should learn to listen to nature...
If you look at things calmly and rigorously, it is published in a serious journal, and nobody despises.
Whenever we talk about "signs" given by the animals, it faces the same bias: everyone should remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake the goldfish was strangely round.
I do not understand that you may think that Boris would be a good leader for the Conservatives.
He has done too much in his role as Mayor of London.
If you listen to the LBC programme, one cannot help thinking that this man knows nothing, and he always tries to distraction with a joke.
He never answer directly to anything.
He also said that he agreed with Farage, then the presenter Nick Ferrari asked him about anything.
He has not been able to appoint a single point.
He has made so many promises to get elected as mayor, and he did not have one.
It only serves to underline how the rest of the Conservative Party is nothing more than a ragbag of crap, no?
Because it is popular.
Because it is funny.
He was in "Have I Got News For You."
Because it's a celebrity, and that people have been indoctrinated with the worship of celebrities.
Londoners voted for him and he will do the same for the rest of the country.
When (not if) he is taking over the leadership of the party, the popularity of the Tories will deflate the ceiling I am sure.
God help us.
I am not so sure: people love the jokes, but do not want their prime minister in a
This is exactly what it has been said of the Londoners.
He would have had to bring his friend the cinderblock, smarter than him
In many ways, I think that it is trying to copy R Branson
The Americans got one as President.
The French have always truly selfless and the history of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read a few books (there are, including a French and excellent B.
Solac), the "Solomon" and the "Strait of scrap" talk, so unfortunately that the dead who have stayed there.
It is understood that the Australians, who know (one of their heavy cruiser, the Australia, must always be the bottom since the Battle of Savo) have no desire to return.
We actually spent in front of the island of Savo, l "Iron Bottom Sound."
Even if the mission reaches its end.
It is quite small.
But the side is a total ecolo enfumage.
Calculate the kerozene consumes in order to achieve the goal of totally discredits the concept.
It is enough to go down the list of sponsors That philanthropists.
An operation of COM in addition neither fact nor has done.
The cow, it gives too much envy!!!
I look forward to the webseries!
Your recit makes me dream, identifying me a little in the way (I also learned to navigate with the Crocos Elorn Moulin Blanc off Brest!).
Hat also to propagate the message, even if some critics of the impact of travel.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to make us dream, and to show with pride that the Bretons are great travelers!
Pierre, Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening, I think the red cap that has demonstrated against taxes is happy to know that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany Region and the City of Brest.
More seriously, it seems to me that the local authorities and public bodies of any kind should not spend a penny of our taxes to fund the dreams of a few adventurers as sympathetic as those - there!
Are there any players in the current Serbian origin that is Kosovo?
I know that Dusan Bajevic in Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and Fenerbahce, are now in Mitrovica, but I don't know if they are still in the team.
It is the defender of Lyon Bisevac, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was midfield or before in the 1970s and 1980s and has resulted in numerous teams in Greece, but I do not know where he is.
Bajevic is Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and played as a striker in the great team of Velez, who, under the tutelage of the legendary Suleman Rebac, finished twice in second place in the Yugoslav league (and also included as Vahid Halilhodzic and the faithful from Arsene Wenger, team-mate Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
It was said that he was going to be a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen it was linked to Blackburn shiver.
Here, I cannot help you.
I know he has lost his place when Conte arrived, then he went to the Fener and as far as I know there is no incumbent.
Perhaps he can still do something, perhaps in the Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, don't worry.
You should love Albania because you are neighbours.
The trick is that the flag of this drone is not the flag of true Albania today.
Apparently it was the flag of Greater Albania, which encompasses all the areas where there is a significant Albanian presence.
A bit of excessive nationalism, in fact.
Fortunately, there is not too much of a mess (as far as I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map, not what is called the Great Albania, but Albania before 1913, when the major European powers decided to give out bits of the country to neighboring countries.
How can you have felt "an explosion of joy" in seeing two towers collapsing, knowing that women, men and children are without a doubt - inside?
How???
What annoys me a bit in this "evidence" is that the mere fact of having been able, even if only once, rejoice spontaneously from the horrific death of thousands of people, demonstrates, in my view, a personality "border line" where all the "evidence" should be taken with the utmost caution.
No doubt that in the short time of "joy," there will be no thought to the dead or the reality of the horror inflicted.
One would have thought, just for a moment, that, for once, Muslims had been able to do really badly in the big bad apocalyptiquement and Satan in his heart.
To make a powerful qqch.
Magnificent.
It would appear that this sentiment was shared by thousands of Muslims plagued by feelings of humiliation.
With filmed testimonies in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
It was a bit.
The West "Christian/white/Gallic" cannot measure the degree of frustration, anger, hatred of the musuman when he contemplates the génèrale misery, the social and cultural backwardness of the Muslim Arab world today.
I am talking about the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not the towers of Dubai.
The former glory, certainly magnified is no consolation, on the contrary.
How can the Muslim world of this evil funnel?
Completely in phase 2, major poisons in the Arab world: conservatism bigot existing powers and nihilism fascistoid.
The common point, the freezing of the thinking and the excommunication (or soft) army of his critical expression.
It has been understood before, must not Muslims.
This is the only way.
Edwy Plenel he read this article?
I suppose this is true in many countries.
But in Britain, the fall will mark the beginning of six long months of dark, wet and depressing, that affect the wellbeing and the mood of many people.
In addition, everyone gets sick.
Seasonal depression.
I suffer from myself.
When the light is going, it's hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a bit for mood and well-being.
The fall is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign in particular has been breathtaking in the autumn.
Not so much to the breathtaking green in the summer when everything is alive instead of being on the verge of dying.
In Britain, if you are lucky, the summer falls on a weekend.
We had a good summer this year, don't make your crabby that radote clichés!
Not everyone else.
I rarely falls ill in winter.
But now I'm retired and I do more than develop immunity to the germs from the outside, it can change, I suppose.
This is not to be on the verge of dying, it's just one step in a cycle...
A stage full of intoxicating smells wonderful, with a buzz which culminates with festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risk of snow and lots of other wonderful words.
Just do not stop doing things!
This is my recommendation for the holidays for you.
Yes, those dark months and grey actually make me much happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation of supplements for children, it is the amount received by the state comes mainly from the deciles 8 to 10.
But as far as the number of households who have seen their taxes increase as a result of this measure, it is mostly the deciles 4 and 5 that are concerned (median incomes) according to the graph 2.
The removal of the first half, particularly on the widows is not at all addressed in the article, or rather its impact is complêtement under evaluated: 230M euros it is a joke that does not take account of the impact in 2012 and 2013, and implies that it is painless.
And it's not ready to go away.
Well, it is not on the mote, but cessation,4
For once the PS is a left-wing policy, instead we will not cry...
It is obvious that those who are part of the richest 20% must bear much more than 75% of the increase in taxes, why not 90%?
Continue this way and you will encourage these 20% less work or to leave.
Well, I know, this is not politically correct, but I will say it anyway.
Hurrah for the Proud and the OIC recycled at PS: they all understood.
Adam, you see what you look bad.
The proportion is always the same, here or in Bahrain: 20% of the population owns 80% of the wealth.
A fair tax is when it is forbidden for anyone to raise as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit the money loses its usefulness.
And once exceeded the value of the money, the money has not been used to make money, that is) to say to the plight of the greatest number.
It is one of the richest 20%.
Perhaps 20% of households who work the most (and create the wealth of which a portion is logically redistributed).
A fair tax is intended to allow these homes to take advantage of a part of their efforts.
Or so it might as well throw in the towel and live on the minimum social benefits, especially if there is a social housing.
Utopias head cutters to the Khmer Rouge have happily lived.
I did two AirBnB in Norway recently.
There is no problem.
In one of the two, we had things that we would not have had in a 5 star hotel and we did not have to introduce ourselves to the reception or face the slightest inconvenience.
It is enough to go to someone, to sleep, to put it behind and move on.
Now this will be my first option when I'm traveling.
The logo has changed, people...
Check your insurance before you rent your house.
In most cases you need a type of insurance for the owner.
Be sure to use a service with the right logo!
Ah, 6hrs too late.
I love Airbnb.
"It is very dangerous and highly risky" isn't true.
You just really missed a chance.
According to the link provided in the article:
To its credit, the response of Airbnb to Teman was fast, almost absurdly fast.
Within 24 hours, according to an Email provided to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb had sent a locksmith to change the locks, arranged for him to spend a week at the hotel and transferred 23 $5,817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but still).
So why does this article cites Teman complaining that he has not received any support from Airbnb?
I love Airbnb, to receive as well as for travel
Hello I am looking for people who have used air B just to reassure me.
I intend to pay a deposit and a month's rent in one fell swoop, but I am a little afraid to send 1,600 pounds at a site that I never really heard about it.
But where is it?
"Support the troops," sang the Bu$herie on all shades...
So harmless.
I am sure it will be fun to the families and relatives of the thousands of Kurds dead in halabja to learn that their parents and friends have succumbed to something other than the chemical bombing of saddam hussein.
Unless the content of the article has been radically altered by the author, your comment is improper (to be polite).
In addition, what mass crime committed in 1988 would prove that the chemical weapons discoveries nearly 20 years later were still usable?
It's not super clear the style of the author: "In the search for weapons of mass destruction.
We all agree.
You think this is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education
This is never the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war.
Alternative: it is ALWAYS the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
We would already have a lot of education if it "had" to work 35 hours instead of 17.
At the moment, our teachers currently earn more than engineers.
And that we do not believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week to prepare for their programme.
But it does not see itself as the Department of Education does not have the resources to provide an office at the college/school his teachers so they are working at home.
A sort of forced telework in short, except that the employer does not pay the computer or the internet connection, or supplies.
In fact, it's so the stash at 5PM per week and 4 months of vacation that we can't complete the CAPES math, come, we'll be waiting for you.
How does it you don't want to carry the chiards poorly educated, whose parents are spitting on treating you wanker?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm the djihadites khurde so that the public can best flourish."
Where we see that the Bush administration has done absolutely nothing wrong.
My first job was a graduate in the sale, in London, to win three times nothing and yet this was a position for which he had a degree.
A year later, I saw an ad for a labourer for the London Underground, it was paid 5,000 pounds per year and it did not even have the patent.
I have never regretted it.
In this respect, don't worry if you can't find a graduate job, try to find something that pays well, whether you like it.
If I was stuck in graduate jobs, I would still be paying my student loan
I don't like so much work in business, then I hope to spend either in the public service or in the academic world.
Hahaha hahaha hahaha this article comes very late!
Exactly, when I graduated in 2011 there was already a backlog of three years.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
Get rid of bisounours channels such as letters/theatre/art/media/political science/philosophy, that is what is called the diplomas of unemployed.
I have one of those diplomas and I finished production manager.
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma, but as the article above says, a good career, starting at school and throughout the university.
Admittedly the starting salary was lower but it rises quickly through the ranks, because in the real world, what matters is results rather than knowledge.
This debate was studying engineering/arts courses have been going on for years.
Scientists cannot solve all the problems, it is more important to be able to stand up in the morning, to get to work on time and to interact with people in order to achieve results.
Letters, philosophy and art are bisounours channels?
This is ridiculous.
I suppose you are talking about degrees like media studies or whatever the oddball stream where you went.
Letters, philosophy, political science and art are true.
We need people who can explain the big questions to students, who understand the importance of the basics of culture such as literature, art, etc., and highlight.
This would not be a real territorial policy to relieve Paris and invigorate the rest of France?
Personally, I fail to see the people at the bottom end - l'Essonne and Val D'Oise do 80km round trip every day by bike to work in Paris.
The inhabitants of the small town and belt already have many means of transport in common otherwise more convenient (subway, bus, tram).
The number of parks, secured and locked, as already exists in the cities of the north of Europe, in Dijon or Lyon, will be installed on the road.
Good idea.
On the surface, the space is cannibalized by the 2WD.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the City of Paris is working with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
As much benefit from their big experience in the field.
Well, there was no room for a single device tail-hook bike.
The motivation appears to be stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë....
Good, it's not going at all.
When we speak of pedestrians and other users of public transport of the reasons why they do not pedalling, it seems to me that the main reasons are: 1/is also extremely dangerous with all these old bangers, these trucks, these scooters running super fast and don't give the survival of the bikes 2/there is full of pollution in the head For me the bike paths are the worst, there is a need to reduce the traffic congestion charge type (congestion charge), reduce the speed (Paris = 30 zone), enforcing the highway code in verbalisant systematically (even the bikes in the flat meadows that we need to adapt the highway code written for bangers for over 100 years ago to bikes), generalise buffer zones after crosswalks, not before or bangers and scooters does not gènent.
The cycleways is apartheid, we must coexist but rebalance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing about cycling in Paris?
Not a word about the role of the bicycle in public transport?
EELV is right.
The target of 15% to coache VENEZIA is ridiculous.
I am beginning to believe that Anne Hidalgo drove the greens in the flour.
Indeed, after what reports GOLD, EELV assistants seem to be sceptical.
I prefer to be optimistic.
Before the racket started, it would be better to find out who is really hiding behind this massacre.
Hint: it is not Russia.
Not sure how to love the way the world is moving.
It looks horrible.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed his intention to bring the case before the ECHR, but I have not heard that a complaint has actually been filed.
In addition, they would have to file a complaint first in Germany or in Ukraine.
I would also expect that these cases be postponed pending the outcome of the investigation report on the accident and the criminal investigation.
Yeah, but Libya did not blow up Pan Am 103.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for the safety of the airspace, in this case the Ukrainian government.
The accident was it predictable?
Other planes had been shot down previously, Ukraine launched in the area of air strikes against the rebels and any aircraft could of course be seen as a possible threat and immediate.
Is it that the Ukrainian government took reasonable precautions in the light of a clear threat or has he chosen to play with the lives of innocent people for the airlines to pay for the overflight rights of the territory?
Where are all the trolls who defend their pro-Kiev usurper government/nationalists from Western Ukraine - and who want to demonstrate basically that Putin shot down the MH17 flight.
As far as I know, there is already a complaint against the government in Kiev because they are responsible for what is happening in their skies.
The precedent: a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice, which concluded that the supply of arms by the CIA to rebel forces of the Contras in Nicaragua did not mean that the US is responsible for their actions.
There is no chance that Russia would not let this case go to the ICJ.
It's funny to think that Abbott wants to say to Putin that Australians were murdered by rebels supported by Russia.
I hope he can present evidence to substantiate his allegations.
So far, investigators have not said anything.
Called Ricardo and be such an unwordly in green, it's appalling!
Called the North Pole is losing the north is to be welcomed.
One personalinformation unwordly: do the poor today is poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I cannot foreclosing noted that those who criticize the most virulament the book of Piketty have not read it!
It is easy to read, I took a few days.
It shows the evolution of income - production, capital, income inequality - concentration, inequality of income from employment, ownership of capital, merit and legacy in the log term.
It shows that the concentration of capital today joined with the beginning of the twentieth before 1914, it shows that it is the 2 world wars that have brought down the concentration of capital, from 1914 à1945, then how the concentration resumes after...
Bernajuzan: you say no to anything.
I ask you how long it has taken you to read this pavement knowing that the concentration capacity of an individual has some limitations.
Secondly, the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis that has given the press is right or wrong.
If she is right, we can discuss it without having read the book, which essentially is a one-way street to argue in favour of it.
No, it is easy to read...
Bernajuzan: how long do you have to read it?
What is the central thesis of his pavé summed up by the press is false?
I have not read and do not read it.
I am therefore relying on the summary of his central thesis, and that is the one that seems to me to be pure humbug.
The notion of a gap between rich and poor is subsidiary.
Humanity does not generally enriched?
Enrichment and added an increase in population is the real political question today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the prize without a doubt.
But remember that she was only 17 years old.
An age when most people are just beginning to find their place in the world.
I hope that this award will not be a burden for the girl and she will find her way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price but the political capital of the Western governments who want to prove the old adage that the colourful perverts are the embodiment of evil.
All my best wishes for happiness to Malala, but they must realise that it is used and that nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the working-class areas of Britain!
Has anyone thought that his speech was a bit strange.
She thanked her father for having given him a lot of freedom, but said that, if it was not where it is now, it would have been married for 14 years.
Malala herself is not part of these perverse "coloured"?
You should not have any "airtime" on this site.
You are, yourself, a horrible perverse.
This is absolutely disgusting.
No, her father was not married to 14 years.
She was 15 years old when she was fired.
His father runs a school where girls are educated and he is in favour of equal rights for women.
It is, and always has been, to receive higher education, and that it has the right to decide their own marriage.
However, it is unusual for someone in Pakistan, to the extent that he thinks that women are equal to men.
What she was saying is that an average Pakistani girl must often marry at 14 years old, without having a say.
Sorry that she did not set out so eloquently enough for you.
It may seem contradictory, but perhaps she wants to say that, if his father had not given her freedom, she would have been married for 14 years.
I was rather disappointed by this entry in season 4, and especially by Jessica Lange, who obviously has a bit of trouble finding his character in a look-alike of Marlene Dietrich.
I have just looked at the last two seasons which are quite different, but I have to admit that this is one of the best series of horror, one of the most successful!
One fascinating episode.
The achievement is close to perfection, and the show of Jessica Lange singing the anachronistic Life on Mars, Bowie is simply staggering.
I have not yet watched this new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange bof bof).
In the case of American Horror Story I have preferred to have all of a sudden that watch 13 episodes over 3 to 4 months.
But one thing is about, apart from Jessica Lange extraordinary, it is mainly the risk of scenes and montages that appals me.
It was in an avalanche of AHS-Pupils original plans which ridicules not hurt the security of the productions of today.
It m " escapes a bit to see you throw the towel in advance for the next few seasons without even waiting to be able to gauge the quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a pillar of this series, but you say so, there are many other things.
No, it is simply that, for me, Jessica Lange (and especially his way and the way she uses it) is really one of the pillars of the series apart from the technical qualities.
Bah I look great and good for her.
Then I think the series is writing, she wants to do too many things at the same time.
The season 3 was slightly below the 2 C " was too dispersed, despite some excellent episodes.
I see them do 10 seasons of American Horror Story or it's going to end up like lap 24 hours a day.
But hey everyone is doing what is right!
That's what I say, "I don't look more then" that everyone is forced to do the same!
I agree with just my point of view, nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, JE thinks it will be fatal.
But after that, it's just my opinion.
Less talk of tax increases, please - coupons instead in state spending.
Not increasing spending, please.
Those who wanted to make cuts in spending have failed.
Trigger polemics about items of expenditure to be relatively small, such as development aid
The problem is that this is less than the margin of error in government spending in the UK.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances, rather than the change of direction that the electorate seems to want and during all this time, some in each camp, pretend that these nuances are much more important and substantial than they are - and the voters are clear in their game and find them in bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenditure.
The "debt" is the essence of assets held by financial institutions in this country.
The "debt" is nothing that we should be worried about.
I would see no problem that the government appropriates a third of my income (before even talking about consumption taxes) if I thought he was going to use it wisely.
But this is not the case, and a lot of taxpayers have the same feeling.
It is said that Nigel Farage has not been entirely honest about how to cut taxes but hey, if you add our net contribution to the EU, development aid, High Speed 2, the subsidies for wind turbines almost useless and nuclear power plants that cost twice what they should, you arrive at a figure that makes it look ridiculous property tax - Labour and Lib Dem on the most luxurious homes.
Your first 10,000 £ are not taxable.
This means that someone who earns 35,000 £ per year will pay about 5,000 £ (a seventh of their salary), someone with 50,000 £ would pay around 10,000 £ (one fifth), etc, and someone with 200,000 £ pays around 70,000 £ (a little more than a third).
And payroll taxes?
Plus payroll taxes, plus local taxes, parking fees and the car sticker, and that's before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is deducted at source before the local taxes and the car sticker.
I am paid in a decent way, but not extravagantly.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I am happy to pay my taxes.
But we should not pretend that the money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where to spend billions of pounds of taxes.
How can an unemployed person who is looking for work in door-to-door can he prove it?
Even so, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, it means that 80% want and are not.
Being myself unemployed, I have more interest in what others want or not?
A potential recruiter gets 10 or 20 CVs, it increases my chances.
Actually I have not heard from Pôle Emploi for months, it means that officers are busier in the business of controls to really get job advertisements?
I don't see the point.
Because it is not for the state to provide work.
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough jobs, then it needs to move from Pole Emploi.
How is it a sensitive issue?
We have all the rights and duties, in this case, it ensures that the unemployed properly fulfil their duties in exchange for their rights.
Just as a controller calls for their transport users as a means of transport, a head of service or the employees of their work, etc.
Nobody shouts over the scandal in these cases, no?
In fact, it is worth remembering that the unemployed have rights: the only two times I have had to deal with Pôle Emploi, my rights to the ARE had been poorly prepared, and on one of the cases, reduced by 40%, he has had to fight hard.
It takes time!
I am not an expert in law.
Counting and control takes the upper hand at the moment, whereas statutorily Pôle Emploi is close to " be, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the issue of compensation should only concern the employees, they are the ones who pay the côtisations.
Politicians and the French non-wage-earners themselves of the rights that they did not actually!
This is not normal.
I would add that a decent unemployment insurance contributes to the recovery of employment.
Rather than waiting for assassins tweets in Arabic...
In fact, there is a need for a direct military response in Iraq/Syria that will stop Isis so that this virus does not reach the conflict zone.
The situation would be the spread of the Black Death in 1348/9 in connection with war and displacement of populations at the time.
The Saudis have had the presence of mind to ban this year the Hajj to Mecca to Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reported that 7,400 saw their visa application refused because of their country of origin or their recent travels.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim from Bosnia who contracted smallpox to Mecca during the Hajj in the 1980s, was probably contaminated with a pilgrim come from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope the rest of the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is it to be heartless to propose to prevent sick people from Ebola to take a plane to Europe?
I thought it was a matter of common sense, but apparently those who "know" have decided that they could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be put under strict quarantine.
Nobody comes out.
Only health care personnel can enter.
Wait 21 days after treating patients before they can move on.
If they become infected with the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay there until they are cured.
These are not draconian measures.
In the last week alone, people have been infected after having contact with people in West Africa even though they have taken "all necessary precautions."
We can stop the progress of this disease.
It is spread mainly by the airlines.
Ban them from offering to fly to these countries.
In addition, customs officers at airports should be trained to detect people with typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be immediately quarantined.
He manages to convey the message of the individual and the first group (including religious) second and he has earned the Nobel peace prize.
I doubt he would be able to erect a dogma the image of God that is characterised by the total of the cortex of the planet in operation.
It is still far from this design here.
It is only 20 years ago that the information has emerged as the bonus given to humanity, then that religion, the outcome of the cerebellum is leading our actions since Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is largely minority in France today, nobody is forced to join.
Those who criticise would do anyway, not the feet to the Church, there is to see the low number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step is to remove the notion of sin, too "creepy"?
@Louise Sorry: the church has no vision limited to France.
And in the world, maybe it will affect more people...
@Martine E, to be honest (as usual) respect for others as you consider previously occurred in Christ.
Hillel, a century before him, said: "Don't do unto others what you don't want you to do, this is the whole Torah and the rest is not that comment: go and study!."
Christianity goes far beyond a mere reciprocity but introduces the agapê.
Your "advance justice, peace, brotherhood," but without god?
It is a return to communism?: -)
Next step: remove the incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will remain a hero who has upset the moral laws by redefining the respect of others.
Christians will then be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and advance justice, peace, fraternity.
Not very Catholic?
I seem to remember that the low number of Protestants in France is mainly explained by the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then forcibly converted and pushed to immigration a few centuries ago.
I hesitate to buy it, too, between the new game Alien, or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite comes out soon.
It did not invent.
Personally I would choose SoM.
I love Wasteland 2 (I even participated in his campaign fundraising) but I don't think it was worth £30.
If this is the PC version that you are interested in, Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM at £30 and also offers a 20% reduction.
Green Man Gaming currently sells SoM at £30 and also offers a good 20% reduction.
I am going to watch.
Obviously not at work.
The killjoys of the IT department are blocking all facebook sites.
Hello, is that 30 pounds and then 20% reduction, or is it that the £30 include the 20% reduction?
Please note: the PC version is only for beautifull.
It took me by surprise, I bought it, but can't play it.
In addition I have bought it on Steam, therefore no refund is nil.
It is time to buy a new video card is the hangover.
It's a Brazilian site, but you get a valid ID Steam, I believe.
Caveat emptor and all that: I have not used it myself.
Amazon £30 to £35 for PC, Xbox 360 and PS3, Xbox and PS4 for £35 - 44
Thank you, I fear that one day they disappear from your library if they decide to crack down on people who buy it here when they are outside the region.
So join the beta version of Elite: DANGEREUX.
For example, France in 1940 was a breeding ground for "putrid"?
So tell me, this Nobel Prize appears to be a poisoned chalice.
It must be love France from 40, that of the "strange defeat"?
When you see who wins the Nobel Prize for literature, I wonder if Proust or Dostoevsky would have today.
The Nobel is not even an event, it did not even want to read the book.
The Brazilians, Chinese or Australians will read Modiano, which is already difficult to read in French, which describes a universe so limited and if égocentré?
I hope the other Nobels are more credible, but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso, have only a distant relationship to literature.
Have you read it at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be best to judge.
With regard to the Chinese, Brazilians and others, do not worry for them.
Foreigners are very sensitive to literature and French culture.
They will appreciate Mr..
Modiano at its fair value, if they don't already know!
On your side, you can continue to attend Lévy and Musso.
I share your opinion.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso retain all their chances.
Then let's see who won the Nobel Prize for Literature: H.
In 2005, D. Pinter
The ugly salvation.
Since I have driven one in Iceland, I shall not see Kia Sportage everywhere.
I think this thing has followed me so far.
Maybe she wants to crush me?
Or swallow me as the horrible computer of Superman III?
Hello Dantra, always hatred?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my médocs.
It's Wednesday!
I had a few days of rest.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the festival of beer and cider from Nottingham.
It was messy.
I managed to eat 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel being one of my favourites.
I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of people there, they were not all fanatics of CAMRA (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
Driving back on Sunday, it was really hard.
Monday night we went for the grandfather of a pal to play nine card brag.
With a real chance of starting, I could get some decent updates.
I hope that if I arrive at 95 years I will be as strong as him.
Last night I went to a posh cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drinks came with a slice of bacon on top.
I admire Mr..
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how you are wrong, dear Christian.
Having said that, without wanting to annoy you, I think you get away a little bit about the subject.
This famous totality, it prohibits the quests for djihâdistes at the exit of the mosques.
She immediately reported the smuggling of weapons.
Either one has its eyes wide open as Meddeb and Taïa or Boubaker either we had our eyes closed.
We must make a choice.
It is not in keeping with closed eyes that can be accessed in the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but once again, you are driving a monumental: all of the authorities, organisations or associations, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the AR and his crimes, the French, Muslim or not, have nothing to add to these official convictions."
That does not say a word about consent.
The problem is that people like you see themselves as Muslims, Arabs or Africans.
Not as French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc' h Mervel, the doubt is there for everyone.
As I said a thousand times, some are skeptical of the approval by the French Jewish Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be stupid and obscene to blame the a priori and demand that they are demonstrating publicly to prove to the rest of French society, that it was wrong to doubt it.
This principle is, in my view, the negation of the republic and can only contribute to French society.
If there's no doubt about it, I might as well say it.
Who says nothing agrees, but agrees with what?
Consents to a proximity with ARs or conviction of AR.
The silence is quite convenient, it is the main weapon of those who want to spare the goat and the cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond has predicted that Scotland could, at the time of the election, "revenge" of the parties represented in Westminster because a huge gap has widened between their proposals for decentralisation and what they promised on the eve of the referendum on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the prospect of losing all those seats in Westminster...
Cameron must laugh it out of.
That's what these threats?
The Conservatives don't give completely in Scotland because they have no foundation.
They can do what they want with impunity.
I don't think even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that the Labour losing seats in Westminster to the benefit of the SNP is a good thing in the long term for him and the Conservatives.
Who is going to shed a tear for the Labor Party.
They are going to be totally eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP who are going to cut off their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband has joined the "PROMESSE" thinking that he saved his party but did not realise that he had signed the death warrant of its Scottish MPs.
It is not surprising that some Labour MPs demand accountability to their leader.
If the SNP wins 20 - 25 seats and that there is no majority in parliament, even though the seats do not come from the Conservatives, they will then be in a very good position to negotiate any coalition and they will be able to compel both the Conservatives and the Labour Party to do what they have promised for a maximum of decentralisation.
I think it is rather that the important thing.
Not if the Labour or the Conservatives want to be re-elected on a day in England.
Waxing pumps 8% at the expense of 85%, this is not a super election strategy.
In addition, once the Scottish MPs will no longer be able to vote on matters that affect England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
Oh, I guess he is.
Cameron may not have much to lose, but if Miliband.
Maggie did it with the Ulster Unionists, and it has been successful.
Yet he is still in the running to be Prime Minister in 2015 since he won the leadership of the Labor Party.
So basically, these boxes will be virtually behind every reader to look over his shoulder and see what he is reading, how he reads, and until the end.
It's "the Lives of Others" of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of FRIC...
Always the same fascination with surveillance techniques.
In the long term, it will take at least a terminator-type effect.
I look forward to the next ticket: Amazon makes YOUR book according to your profile and it automatically through an algorithm of his secret!
It's like the gay world.
Highly stimulating.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRMs is not implemented, I still have the reading of pirated files, books in the public domain or purchased from a few publishers who have the intelligence to offer files without cookie.
Given the price I paid the Kobo, that's without regret.
I am amazed at the widespread abdication of users in the face of the widespread appropriation of their private lives.
In your public library, you will notice that everyone gives their loyalty cards (fn c, d (E3.9,...).
There are also leaders - d " demanding that the opening and completion rates are likely to be derisory.
For example, "Finnegans Wake" by James Joyce.
@Thomas: in the era of Big Data, the data did not really need to be personal to be relevant.
Careful not to put all the literature in the same bin.
The harvest of anonymous data when there is a profile....
The harvest is not anonymous.
These are the data published by Kobo, which does not identify the readers, nor the authors.
But Kobo did all of this information.
There has been so exaggerated, inaccurate and contradictory statements by the Turkish Government in recent days that the country appears to be headed by a kindergarten class full of kids with schizophrenia in acid.
This is even worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan.
It is interesting that some supporter of Islamist Erdogan thinks is such an insult that they delete your comment, but not mine; -).
Well seen: -p but Turkey did not want to shoot itself in the foot, unless we win something.
If they attack ISIS, ISIS ripostera, so it's actually shooting itself in the foot.
A retired diplomat wrote on his blog: "The AP reports that Iran has warned the US that it would be a mistake to seek to overturn lei Syrian President Bashar al-Assad because it would endanger the security of Israel.
It is not clear in the article if Iran sent a grave warning of reprisals, or if he simply advised caution.
This second option is more likely, and in any case, what is really surprising is that today the US and Iranian diplomatic engagement with Syria, Israel and the security of the region."
The reading of Indian Punchline is highly recommended to anyone who paid attention to detail rather than the C nneries balanced by the traditional media. The short article that you give the link is important and should be read bearing in mind the realistic observations/previous warnings from Iran to Afghanistan around 1979-1980.
Who are these "moderates" who are fighting the secular Assad seriously horrible, and at the same time the perverts of ISIS?
The policy of the pipelines is pushing the world into the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to "moderates" non-existent to pay more attention to the facts and alternatives before sending other people's children to fight in the Third World War.
"This is even worse than that if you take into account the religious fundamentalism of Erdogan:" are there any other religious fundamentalists in power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
There should be a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide committed by the Turks.
"It should be"?
You realize that neither criminals nor victims, does not have the slightest chance of being alive?
A bit late for that, my friend...
Criminals should not be barely 120 years old now, gender?
A bit late for that, no?
Especially with regard to the triumvirate of the UPC who planned and led the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed just after the 1st World War by revenge by Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a place of Paris of Central Asia at roughly the same time, when he went in, dreaming of basing a Turkish empire.
What madness!
An impressive mastery of the fallacy of the fatal slope, but apart from that, they are trying in vain to contact with the real world.
That of clichés without argument.
The fetus will always have a heart that beats even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
Gay and lesbian couples can simply be a desire to have a child, not a desire to be accepted.
Sterile heterosexual couples too.
As for the children!
What a shame to designate them as future psychological psychotics.
One day, they will have the opportunity to defend themselves, to say they are happy to live, earn a living and pay for the retirement of this lady (?)
The GPA is likely to be an "interim solution" in the evolution of medicine that is our world.
It is not starting now.
A lot of women have worn and placed in the world of children who were not their husband.
It is all the more so, we are made...
The important thing in this matter is that this practice should be framed so that the "commercialisation" of the body should be limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics are they not also commodification of the body?!
Anakronik Fareinheit....
It is certainly more elegant to engrosser good in distant countries via the internet, and Pay Pal to shoulder its responsibilities and/or to avoid the scandal in another centuries close to home at this time without the shouting from the rooftops!...
These practices were not made in the name of the church!...
There are not only Christians and believers who refuse these practices...
The fact remains that the exploitation of the body is a real problem.
Oh be quiet, this man is passionate about something.
In the late 1970s in the Midlands I haven't seen so far.
I had to go the day because I didn't have the right to go there at night!
But if you liked it, and you listen to the music - this music today it still affects you so much.
I don't know why there are so many derogatory comments about what Paul Mason says, maybe they are posted by people who have never been cool, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article about football that awaits your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since the film by Tony Parson, there is a dearth of stories that really reflect the reality of the culture of the North of England.
No wonder that Paul Mason has understood the social and political context, he understands things.
The Northern Soul is still alive, but it has been bled to death by capitalism, and now it is essentially a surface phenomenon.
That said, you can take an ear if you are in the London area in November: 99psoul will again spend LPs of soul, including plenty of Northern Soul, on Saturday, November 15 at the Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
I also thought "always the same story," but that's a small article well written and well thought out.
Your criticisms have really need to be more constructive.
Super article.
I loved your documentary.
I suppose you are happy to have escaped from Newsnight.
Last train to Wigan in Victoria/Exchange and down to Wallgate.
In swallowing the pills.
Whatever the station before Wigan it was Ince, 15 minutes walk from Wigan, having bought a ticket for the bus stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern Soul scene are described in an excellent episode of the detective series George Gently titled Gently Northern Soul, is happening at Newcastle in 1968.
The cases are becoming increasingly empoisonnantes.
The Palestinians have no partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
@Jonathan: Netanyahu doesn't want peace because he wants to continue to occupy - colonise (indeed, it was also the case of Rabin).
It is obvious that Rabin, Netanyahu and their voters have all preferred the occupation - colonisation to peace.
He took off his clothes, landed on the rock and went into the water.
An Israeli who had stolen them.
The Israeli representative stood up in anger and vociféra: "What are you talking about?
The Israelis were not even there at the time! ."
The Palestinian representative (UN) smiled and added: "And now that things are clearly established
Israel and the majority of its population do not have any confidence in the bipolar government of the Palestinian Authority and will not drop the guard...
That, whatever the anti Israelis, it is obvious that this is not the intention...
Anti-Sionistic: but I have told you, I translate: the global geopolitical report...
And this is always the case since the Policy is globalised...
Avoidance, avoidance...
In the Israel-Palestine conflict - colonialist, for the creation of a Palestinian state, there is no doubt about it, it continues!
For the creation of Israel, you do not answer.
What power has enabled the creation of Israel?
Anti-Sionistic: the Israeli-Palestinian dispute is still a relative force!
You guess?!!!...
In addition to all this is not just about Russell Brand, but the journalists of the Guardian seems to have difficulty moving beyond anything that he does not have to say.
Much of what he says is just nonsense, pseudo chomskystes written not others.
This proves that you don't understand what Russell Brand says, or what Noam Chomsky said.
It's just a series of personal attacks and innuendo (my 13 years old daughter likes, which would mean that it is a question of immaturity).
A really nasty load, with just a hint of awareness that Russell Brand says some truths, perhaps of the truths that we prefer not to think about.
Hang yourself, this feeling will be increasingly widespread!
I can understand why Brand horripile some: he sometimes speaks so conceited and after all the nonsense of the tabloid press it effectively gives the impression of being a populist beginner, but all this talk of not voting has been completely misinterpreted in my opinion.
The general consensus seems to be that he just told people not to vote and instead sit back and ignore the whole political process - but if you watch the interview with Paxman and other articles/videos he posted, he said that voting once every 5 years just for the Labour or the Conservatives (or Lib Dems I suppose) and limit the democratic commitment to it is completely useless, both parties (to slightly different degrees) governing essentially in favour of vested interests, multinational companies and the wealthy, A no point does it say to just completely ignore the policy because these parties do not govern in our name: he insists that instead of just voting and log off for five years, people should become much more politically active at the local level, organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, whatever and try to influence the politics out of it.
I am not saying that I necessarily agree with his solution (because I believe that being politically active in presenting its applications can go hand in hand with the voting, given that politicians are weathervanes who will notice if they really are at risk of losing the election), but it is galling to see all these condescending responses that say this moron who is Jesus said to the young not bothering to vote and just hope that things will be better because it's really distort its arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable and it would be nice if people discussed what he actually said, rather than simply label it as irresponsible and put aside the concerns of him and a large number of people left behind.
Yes, thank you.
The trick on the vote has been completely distorted.
The futility of slipping a ballot paper in a ballot box every 5 years me deeply because my vote doesn't really count for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and MPs who are accountable locally to their constituents.
Furthermore, I dispute the idea that the words of Russell Brand are not hers (written by others).
He is smart enough to have his own words and ideas, even if they are strongly influenced by the kind of thinkers and academics from the anti-establishment counterculture that Suzanne wants to regroup under the label "pseudo chomskystes nonsense."
I am quite convinced that in a debate he would succeed in persuading Suzanne.
Maybe that's what the Guardian could do, like Polly Toynbee and Suzanne to interview Russell on a porch, with even the nodding added in the editing process!
As Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russel but eventually became one of his fans and invite him in his show, it's too easy to attack him without really understanding where he wants to come.
It draws in a political discourse that has existed for generations, but who has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This "sling" particularly reveals to me that the intellectual debate is no longer the RDV in history when the historians of the profession are minority and where the exchange of specialists have been impoverished for the benefit of mindless condensed type Sciences Po to press file.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu, as well as that of Michel Foucault, one needs to take a guilty, a scapegoat.
They are both very rational arguments, but this rationality is based on those scapegoats who are the cornerstone of their thinking.
I rather think that the state was indispensable for Foucault as guilty.
This is a very archaic thinking, the sacrificial thinking, which is also a magical thinking.
It solves the problem of the report to the other by eliminating it.
There is a slope anarchisante, neo lib and/or/libertarian (of the two words the second marks a hardening of the desire to eradicate the state, the first knowing seek the help of the state to its markets) in the sense of less state/no state in Foucault.
The old dream of the base that runs beautifully.
His thinking is built on the guilt of the state - without the guilt she will not stand.
Who says guilty, says elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a position against the three intellectuals mentioned here.
Or support elsewhere.
The totalitarian Left remembers the good old days, that of his god, then Stalin, the father of the people.
Wow, you've probably read a chouya too quickly if you took the texts of Foucault on the Iranian revolution for an apology for Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent amuserait did more to attack Michel through this...
Gauchet poses a deep reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective, the difficulty is the mechanism of membership in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether you agree with him or not, it is an original thinker and respectable.
See orchestrated by this cabal of humanities scholars of the hard left who do not agree that it is happening in allegiance to their mantras, is quite laughable.
The narcisissme and authoritarianism of these people is limitless.
An important point to add seems to me to be the posture of these "rebels," which is only theoretical and intellectual.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellow," which I have witnessed in Russia is absolutely incredible.
You haven't had the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this issue, then.
And where was it in Russia, a Russian can meet a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I can't remember when I saw a Chinese for the last time.
In London, and they were nice to me when they learned that I was Russian.
Here in Russia - in the 1990s, the last time in a market.
The Chinese think that whites!
My family has lived in Australia after coming from Hong Kong and Guangzhou a long time ago, in the middle of the 20th century, and I still hear some of them have to be violently anti-white.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter is a white man.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s, especially in recent years: they are increasingly rich, prosperity is spreading outside of major cities, and with this prosperity people travel abroad and see how other people live.
What I am told, the Russians have mostly prejudices against temporary workers with no qualifications from the Caucasus and Central Asia, working in trades and in areas where they have much chance of being exploited by their employers or face a high crime and violence.
Although I have lived on the shores of the River Ensei, Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the views of Australians on the Chinese and the Aborigines.
It is bizarre that a stranger telling me that I do not support the Chinese, while I have met two in my life (including one abroad), haven't kept bad memories, all people are equal and, in fact, those in London have been very kind to me this is the only reason I am reminded that they were Chinese.
If you do not recall that occurs, all people are equal, how do you remember who was who.
You know what's weird?
You and the other Russian here were talking about the Chinese as a sort of unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you still come out with that Blanc.
How many Chinese men are with Blanches, by comparison?
No, because there are a lot of chances that the parents of these Blanches the agresseraient PHYSIQUEMENT.
No measure of the impartiality of the judiciary.
Yet, it is the mother of all battles and justice in France is manipulated by groups heavily marked on the left as the union of the judiciary...
@Marabout: sorry, but the judicial circles are frankly brand was right.
When the union of the judiciary, it does not represent 25% of the judges.
If a measure of its bias can be made from the relativity of the application of the laws in the courts, it calls out two obstacles.
The political vision of the observer like the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
So there remains the tool required to refocus the assessment on the fundamentals.
The extent of noncompliance in the whole of the criminal acts of judges, prosecutors, forced to make a distinction between the error and bias of the judges.
It would be futile to pretend that the acts of justice are not distributed between these three groups.
The conceit and ignorance that is not subject to an objective analysis.
And so, if all this is not analysed, so how can we say that justice is improving in France?
If it is only by statistics showing that it implicitly share well below.
The preamble does note the following in the third ratio.
The corruption of the judiciary.
Sensitive subject in proportion to the power of nuisance which is conferred on the judicial institution capable of such a heresy.
The field is the despoliation of heirs made up through scams in the procedure by genealogists l'expropriation-Règlement mandated by notaries.
This profession gets approximately 1,000- 150 million euros, while benefiting from the " virtual coverage provided by the legal profession of the French.
For the understanding of their mechanism, a portion was reported in the comments following the first publication.
Where it joins the statistical improvement " moderated by the previous comment is that the judicial institution has produced in many disputes between genealogist and heirs reluctant to do so, rob a whole set of laws that are contrary to all laws favourable to his heirs.
The presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria does it not then an elaborate form of deceit?
Prices are surely totally prohibitive.
Materials continue to rip off people with disabilities.
You can say this, but my brother has one of these bikes, custom built to its size and weight, and it has really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors as never a normal wheelchair, with wheels and tires, clunky, could not.
As they say, the flavours and colours...
The Tankchairi resembles what Jeremy Clarkson could invent for a challenge in Top Gear.
The air was Tankchair EPIQUE.
I think the inventor of the Whill has never had to clean up a dog doo-doo on a caterpillar.
I'm sure my sister would love the tricycle, but it is simply too expensive.
The wheelchair ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled person with a penchant for the longboard.
Here there are hills that would appeal to them.
Prices seem to be high, but there really are people who put this sort of price in a bike, then "you see."
The tricycle just seems to me to be particularly useful.
All disabled people are not poor, though.
Many of them have access to insurance for a reasonable amount.
Only if they became disabled.
The trick is that the market of the wheelchair is a niche, so they can afford high prices for things they know they are needed.
We can't really say that the Whill is minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately it is just a draft, it is not intended to manufacture it.
I am CONTENT that the wheelchair "long distance" does not arrive on the market, because apparently there is no way to drive this Sony thingy.
Nearly 20,000 homes have been destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza, during intensive bombing of densely populated residential neighbourhoods.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people who are under the age of 18 years.
Children eight years have lived their whole lives under Israeli blockade!
Situation is unique in the world. This is unacceptable, illegal situation too, because the blockade imposes a "collective punishment" has all the civilians of Gaza.
"Entrepreneurs who are working on their projects to divert a little of their cement to the black market..."
Oh it's not de la langue de bois, rather concrete and army the lady...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Anti-Sionistic...
The good cement goes in tunnels!
There is the black market there is no doubt about it, and acknowledged.
Two million human beings are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Situation is unique in the world, a situation that is unacceptable to anyone who has a heart and moral sense.
The US has a well-kept ground: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi did not have the time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by who you know) was excluded!
Remember also that after being lifted, Morsi had restored the blockade!
And I am a Westerner, so I agree with...
Jonathan...
The Blockade is Israeli-Palestinian Egyptian...
The children of Gaza are living on an underground fortress, built on the back of the population who chose his masters!
Having a boat, it's a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you are well thought out.
Couchsurfing is much cooler than Airbnb.
This is the very definition of the sharing economy, nonprofit.
Many are only looking at one evening on Couchsurfing.
So it's going to get paid (or at least hope) in a different way.
It's still much cheaper than a hotel, whether there is a need to seek the best addresses.
In addition, owners and tenants who trust often stop using Airbnb and dealing directly with cash, bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in all this.
"It puts on rent?"
No problem with the verb, what is the problem with your grammar?
We do not use the verb "to let" in the US.
The author has simply used an American phrase.
It is an international newspaper now, in case you have not noticed.
It would be better to have the right insurance for the boat, make sure it is 100% in compliance with all safety rules and ask those who manage our canals and rivers the authorization to practise a commercial activity (which they will certainly). I have a boat and I have tried to see how the rent (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it really is a nightmare...
Have you thought about the fact that the boats can be moved, stolen and repainted, sunk, etc?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it would still be in the vicinity of where you left off.
Or hijacked by pirates...
All of these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our barges...
Where are you going to the dock?
No Marine Le Pen was not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that set out the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
Over 150,000 young people leave school without training.
The increase in wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Who is defending that?
Who defends what?
In 2017 the Mass will be said!
Capitalism is not going to get poorer!
High finance, speculates, plays with our businesses and our jobs, our raw materials, so our purchases, our food, our food, with the structures of our health care, therefore, with our debts and our institutions.
They are a threat to our daily lives by the same and our money they hold.
All of this in favour dequelques hyper-computer obese mega money.
Until there is evidence to the contrary, FH said: "My enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance."
It was in 2012.
In 2014, he was appointed Minister of the Economy, a former member of the Rothschild bank, history to better defend the interests of the banksters, solely responsible for the financial crisis of 2007.
Was there no one else qualified?
You call it: how to return his jacket, his trousers down?
Knee-jerk reaction and populist
In fact it is unclear what Marine Le Pen thinks.
Where have you seen this?
Because the Germans refused to rescue the survivors.
I am not sure that Spee has really "refused" to rescue the survivors.
One of the aspects of this battle is that none of the parties seemed to be sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee has quickly left the area because he had received a report showing a British battleship in the zone.
The sea was rough at the start of the day; I don't know if it was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the fight ended after sunset, making any rescue operation more difficult.
Compare that with the next battle, that of the Falklands, where, on the photos showing the survivors being rescued, we see a calm sea and in the middle of the day.
In addition, the rescuers knew that there was at this stage more German fighters in the area.
Hmm, that's not really what I remember reading about this battle, then I did a quick search on Wikipedia:
"There was some confusion among the German ships on the fate of two battleships, cruisers, who had disappeared in the dark after the shooting, and a chase began.
The Leipzig saw something on fire, but the closer he saw that it was only a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships, belatedly joined the battle and lives in Monmouth, bent and severely damaged but still in motion.
After pointing the spotlight on the ship's flag, the proposed visit was refused and he opened fire, eventually sinking the ship.
Without reliable information, von Spee ruled that the Good Hope had to escape and halted the search at 22:15.
Worried about the reports showing a British battleship in the vicinity, he headed north."
So, if this is true, the Germans, groping in the dark before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not search for survivors.
They also felt that there was a battleship, most important of the Royal Navy in the area that could have been severely damaged, so in the confusion they déguerpirent to take advantage of their advance.
They were far from their base and Spee was well aware that they should have to wade through many ships of the Royal Navy.
The sacrifice of Cradock had already caused harm and cost about half of their munitions, condemning them when they were finally caught.
Several voices in the UMP to claim that it is enshrined in the law that an elected definitively convicted will be permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous stance, which would also affect politicians on the left of course.
But nooon, it's a joke.
For this idea I proposed an inscription on the wall of the idiots of the magistrates
When the ban on trade unions in the areas already protected?
How long will we tolerate this distortion of equality among citizens?
Perpetuated by Cavallo (ES) whose vision of society is limited to these areas, always quick to appease those who will benefit from their tenure to hinder the actions of real politicians, who try to actually get things done, not the beautiful parleuses whose inaction is the extent of their conceit.
I met them in the subway at midday with their small signs of "justice" as they came from province and did not differentiate between Bercy and POPB.
It supports the existence of politicised unions whose members are the enormous power they hold in the service of his party.
It is not in the same theses if unions, right-wing and even far-right, were targeted for personalities of its edge and led to a war against them in the media.
Your assertions are completely free of charge.
Currently, if the right to pay for the legal news is simply that she committed the facts therein!
It was not an example of the personality of the left that has had so much to do with Justice, but all those who have been the subject of his attention were not given preferential treatment.
On the other hand, it is important to remember that the union of the judiciary that is left is not the only union of magistrates and that it is in the minority.
That a minister supports engagement with both unions shows how they can be useful.
@MCR The union you cite is perhaps a minority among judges, but its influence is great at the Chancellery, this is not a secret.
I wonder now if the "mission" of some judges is not more dirty than education.
@ Gus - You should be happy, the DM is in the minority.
What do you?
@Pivoine: you forget that the magistrates are not civil servants like any other: they are the only ones who have the power to impeach and imprison all - one - each.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants never came home?
Hi, Katie Waissel.
I think even the most stupid starved of glory realizes that X Factor can only mean the end of a career, then I would be surprised if someone accepts their offer.
Many are used as a springboard to start a career as a success.
The One Direction fills stadiums around the world.
Others have sold many records or are party to the West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programmes, launched Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is one of the jurors.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton John, Celine Dion, Cliff Richard, all have made the Eurovision contest, like so many others.
While others like Frank Sinatra and the rest have participated in the competition in the US.
In the 1970s and 1980s, New Faces and Opportunity Knocks launched most of the stars of light entertainment on UK television.
Of course, some fell into oblivion.
But that's what happens in any way to most of the stars who do not participate in the competition.
There are few people who, after a tube, manage to do the other.
Anyway, most singers/groups can at best hope for three albums and a best of.
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever his name, did the fans in the UK.
His fame stems partly from his marriage to a footballer who breathes through her mouth.
Most Americans know who is Jeremy Clarkson.
Can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career path that the typical rock, even if in your dreams you think all Climate to guitar who smoke grass in the garage of their father and swinging three agreements on a poem primary school level surely will become stars, and the only question is how much they want to get even before bringing out a new album.
And worse than ridiculous: it establishes a totally artificial distance between the public and the Western peoples studied - which turns away pretty quickly to racism, because the ethnologists sacralistes we have these people as infinitely distant and superstitious ritual steeped in bigotry, while most of their ways of doing things are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours, practical considerations on a daily basis.
Except that you interpret unwisely in the opposite direction.
But rather than saying that the drum is devoid of sanctity, is it not better to admit that our Marianne and Molières did not also a bit sacred?
Our bias is as a reminder to see the sacred as a sort of well defined and confined to the religious sphere.
Very interesting article anyway.
It's the delivered-we ephemere to furnish the vacuum.
Nothing more.
Wonderful article, thank you.
The recent Panthéonisation illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the sense of sacred still lives.
Who still believes the interpretations of archaeologists!
Any other discipline would lay aside interpretations of any scientists who take the life of a Mandarin, rarely less.
When compared to a critique of the disciplines for a bit?
Because what is true for archaeology also applies to the interpretations that give the other disciplines.
This would provide a healthy dose of modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is totally unjustified!
It is thanks to them that are constantly being discovered treasures, precious evidence to reconstruct history, understanding of societies, and the example here of comparative archaeology is exciting.
This method is not very old and archaeologists previously relied on their "instinct" and their knowledge, and could be wrong.
Nowadays there are technical and scientific resources so powerful that the explanation of the searches is better but can always be challenged by other discoveries!
It is here in full (and old) polemic on shamanism, advanced by the prehistorian Jean Clottes (see his book "the sorcerer of prehistory," particularly the expanded edition of the scientific controversy, published by La Maison des Roches).
Thank you for this informative article
Straight men like anal sex?
For you, Mike, I would be able to stop it.
Then it's finished between us?
I really do not understand why we cannot continue to three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall into the gutter?
No, but we are not against a piece of theatre.
We would not be able to watch a musical about that on the other hand, it would be too gay!
You could expect to have this kind of comment from you.
It looks like Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Since your offer to test is almost complete, then I suggest you go to the Catholic Times.
I am sure you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikedow.
Can I suggest that we all seek a newspaper that pays real journalists, brave, so that they write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc. at their peril.
Instead of making these jokes aloud with childish ass.
Not very clever.
What you do then.
If these "jokes" you offend so much childish ass, you don't have to participate, isn't it?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola, and that it is entirely possible to do both and to publish an article about anal sex?
Is it the topic that shocks you, or the fact that people are joking?
However, there is the amateur video of the crash on the net...
Amateur video of the crash on the net...??
If the CTF chose not to show these images it is only to protect its interests and those of the pilot.
If the CTF had wanted to protect the pilots it would exit the safety because at one time or another vehicle (for example) was a truck driver on the circuit.
But he had to finish quickly before the typhoon which we knew he was coming, but for which the CTF has not seen fit to move the time of departure (right, pub TV, money...).
But apart from that they protect the pilots.
Well, I also share this view.
But there is also that if the very british FOM the HC, it will allow Nico Rosberg to restart a chance to beat the English that was then...
You go on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But it's not a bad thing, I have a bit of time to track down all your c Andzans micro-organism.
No, just no.
There has been a lot of conspiracies in F1, but never one that puts the Commissioners in danger of death to a distant history of a chance of winning a pilot at the expense of another.
This is not the CTF leaving the safety because it is the FIA.
Nuance of size.
In the light of the amateur images, the absence of an image (especially at the FIA d " to avoid embarrassing questions like: how is it that the Commissioner shook a green flag in the middle of the intervention and continues to do so after the accident (see the full video after the accident)
No, it is not because the video is deemed too violent that the FIA is blocking the images of the crash, but because it is clearly one of the Commissioners waved a green flag, a sign that the race can return to normal and that more is under a yellow flag.
Some of the comments show a dark méconaissance of F1.
Yes dear Etienne, the race is no longer under a yellow flag AFTER the scene of the accident, hence the green flag waved.
This is the usual procedure.
The position of commisaires just downstream of the accident (depending on the case, it may be to metres as 100 metres after the accident) stirs up the green light to tell the pilots to resume a normal pace.
Sensationalism is selling the pub.
Before I thought the media were part of the propaganda offensive "patriotic" of the government, but I am afraid that, in the end, it's just for the money.
And sex, let us not forget the sex, the fear of not having a sex life, the pub and the media are good for us to sell things supposed to improve our sex lives.
The info is doing exactly the same thing.
Do the buzz with news that there is really no need to worry about it is fair to continue to scare people in order to be able to control them.
"When the tabloids caugh About Ebola, we are doing all the fear" it should be "off the rails," not "cough."
Given the medical reference, "cough" is much better said in this context that "derailed."
I wonder if all the people who panic that Ebola could spread through the air to realize that they now believe in evolution?
You are giving them too much credit.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and that Ebola is just one of the signs of the apocalypse approach.
Ebola is the Antichrist!
You are confusing Ebola and Murdoch...
Super article, thank you!
A short and concise article that ridiculed nicely and firmly this pseudo journalism despicable.
It gave me a good laugh.
I'm depressed that the media talk about most things with optimism.
The aim is once again to keep us sufficiently frightened and anxious (without going to hysteria) for the government to make us go awry when he needs it.
I think it is perfectly logical that, if we have to undergo an emergency budget in the absence of any crisis, an emergency in the absence of any terrorist attack, why not have a crisis of Ebola in the absence of any proven cases?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises that he invented.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of governing by fear?
Congratulations for this post, and to be still alive after nearly 35 years.
In the beginning it had to be horrible, in the context of the 1980s and 1990s.
I am bluffing, live with the certainty that it will take for years...
Testimony is completely unnecessary.
As always when talking about science.
Not only the testimonies are not used for anything: taken in isolation, they cannot be used as a scientific material.
But they have a negative influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
@Trafic: the evidence cannot be used as a scientific material.
Perhaps that is why we shall refrain from asking questions to psychiatric patients when reliable observations from relatives.
My psychiatric records mentioned that my mother psychiatrist explained that I was educated telepathically by her mother-in-law.
This is a symptom of this goal.
When I say that this is hogwash, it is a subjective testimony irrelevant.
Ah, because the proof of a fact (= here this testimony, which attests to the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments) is not a scientific approach?
What do you base the research, then?
On fantasies?
You put on the same level of fanciful theories and facts (= giving rise to verifiable evidence)?
"Resilience": the word bogus idolized by grandmothers, fans of J L Delarue, who take themselves for large psychologists after reading of ansembourg.
@Jim: there are lots of meaningless buzzwords among shrinks.
Cyrulnik gave us the "resilience."
As it is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope that we will have cobbled together a reliable scale of measurement to quantify this famous resilience.
I wonder if the Sentinels of the air could all save us from Farage and company?
It does not make you think about Team America?
Seriously, this is not a good idea to highlight the Sentinels of the air...
And why?
It was a brilliant series and it seems that those who are aware of this!
So let us leave our salvation to the almighty who can work miracles.
But how are they going to do to ensure that children hang on?
The only solution that comes to mind is humour like pee - pooh, which would kill the series.
It was already a series for children.
Children hung.
Ah, because it's a children's series?
UKIP are working for the Mysterons.
So keep your Team America.
Still in Supermarionation?
It won't be the same if you don't see the wires and the animation is done well.: -)
I look forward to seeing this (despite the fact that I am an adult), but I hope that this will give the idea to a chain of rebroadcast the old.
The series has virtually never stopped being aired here in Australia; it makes at least 40 years that there are one-hour episodes on Saturday and Sunday at 06: 00pm
Since the advent of free digital TV a few years ago, it is one of the commercial channels of second order, and we can still see it in these times.
And in addition the half-hour episodes are now at 05:30, Monday to Friday!
Okay, I'm probably a "sad" guy of 60 years, but I don't watch this series every day!
He did not have the "Temple Mount" in or under the mosque plaza!!!
The radical Zionists invented this to gain political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Indeed, all Israeli excavations beneath and around the mosque plaza for decades have nothing to find.
The Temple Mount, if there is it lies elsewhere.
May be in Argentina?
This is not intended for the simple reason that it is the hill on which was built on the esplanade of mosques.
The peak, or dome of the rock, juts out in the middle of the Mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Mohammed ascended to heaven from the rock.
For Jews, it is the Mount Moriah where Abraham nearly sacrificing his son Isaac.
The moment she was taken and contextualized, there is not propaganda, but information, dear K1K1.
Israel also has its own extremists, it is worth repeating on a regular basis, and they are unfortunately relayed to the government (Naftali Bennett, Avigdor Liebermann, and even Netanyahu, the latter had accepted the plan in 2 states, and has scuttled continuously!).
It is also good to show how much the annexation of Jerusalem is not peaceful.
God will recognize his own?
The shortest of the Jewish joke: ' Thank God! "
We brag about tourism in Israel, it shows us how often young Naiades half undressed, faint on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what it shows us the publicity, as you can see from the photo that illustrates the article.
It's a bit scary though.
And this photo is a beautiful piece of propaganda!
It is a shame that the photographer of Reuters did not photograph the hundreds of Palestinians allowed to go on the Temple Mount and who prefer relly Jewish worshippers below, praying at the Wailing Wall.
@Mat, if this photo bothers you, that's right, this is neither the newspaper nor the photographer, but this woman and the ideology it transmits, that should be condemned.
This system is unsustainable and will end in tears.
The only way to put an end to this system, this is the revolution.
Since the economy seems to spiral out of control, the big companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They have managed to persuade their employees that they have the chance to have a job and that they cannot afford to increase salaries, while at the same time and not hide, they have given the ever larger salaries to the small elite at the top.
You are right, it is not tenable, but that will not change in this country that when workers really speak with one voice.
Rather than gripe and moan when someone else makes the strike, support them, show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not just about their problems, but also show your employer that you do not pissing people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case, if it is tenable.
I totally agree.
The only thing you forgot is that the British and US companies have sold our industry and now our services to countries where the social and environmental conditions are the worst.
For example, China and India.
All this cannot end well.
It is because we live in a democracy that it held.
Did you vote for the TTIP?
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to increase the profits of companies owned by these people by bypassing national governments through secret tribunals.
It seems incredible, but it is exactly what is the mechanism of investor-to-state dispute settlement (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and are trying to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we are starting to talk about it in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement Look at these links and you will understand what is being negotiated in your back.
Churchill did not say "blood, sweat and tears"?
That makes excellent benefits, whereas digital money has no reason to fall, and even less to grow on trees.
The next will probably be the weakest link in the automobile market.
This gentleman is right, in the 18th century there were trade unions in all regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Leave it (finally, its officers, the other, nobody knows) believe they are safe from the eternal values of France, and it will fight and close his mouth.
And then with the decline of the country, globalisation, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of a Nation, have this small relic, it's comforting.
Even if it is increasingly uncomfortable...
They still lack the sindicat sdes married men, single, married, single, lost dogs, and I don't know what else
If you do not write correctly, I am the French syndicate.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defence of vested interests there are enough protected occupations with trade unions, which created a rupture of equality with other citizens.
We are asked not to laugh about the fear of risk from a public servant.
One can well imagine a system that ensures a certain freedom of expression without unions, or have no right to strike, as in Germany, in return for the protection they enjoy.
If not disaster.
And with the carts that are preparing, the government welcomes them.
What safety are you talking about?
Ignorance indeed...
Ignorance for ignorance Sybille I was referring to the military and other government officials, since this is the topic here commented...
Delete "through its delegates" in Article 8 of the preamble to the constitution of 1946.
It will become: "8.
Every worker participates in the collective determination of working conditions as well as the management of the business."
This is absolutely essential with the emergence of the power of information.
And yet you have opened, presumably read and commented on an article specifically entitled "The Great British Bake Off."?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought that we needed to start the conversation.
Anyway, it's the marriage of Joffrey that I watched, and I can tell you that some were well dressed.
In the episode of the marriage of Joffrey was one of the best moments (albeit misleading: it was the wine) in the history of television.
Also, the pie whouaa...
Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row that, strangely, the show ends with a victory for the baker, the least worst; it has not been kind "boom, that's my fucking cake now bouffez it and you bow to your master"!
Perhaps the extra pressure from friends and relatives outside has finally had an effect for them?
In previous weeks, all these outsiders were kept out.
And there is also this idea of "playing safe, there's always next week" that disappears in the last week.
I love cooking but I can't imagine not inflict it on me.
I am grateful to those who do it and thereby provide a super entertainment and leads us to try new things.
Prior to GBBO in 2015!
I agree, the last challenge last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
The professionals are usually days to do so, and they had to cobble together a 3 - 4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to differentiate, I don't know how they were able to choose a winner.
For Luis, the only true failure that they have been able to find it was the basis of a little dry (although I agree with Hollywood to say that the green icing on the mill of Richard didn't want anyway, Richard had already lost at that time).
I must admit that many challenges in this series appear to be somewhat artificial because of the time.
There is also the danger of cancer, with the solar wind.
Obviously, everything we managed at the moment.
A bad time for humanity, one hopes.
You are confusing solar wind and ultraviolet radiation.
The UV is blocked primarily by the ozone layer which is formed by the impact of particles of solar wind and residual UV.
So even if the magnetic field has waned, there wouldn't be enough solar wind to "hunt" the ozone in the stratosphere.
There would be even more, and therefore less UV and "cancers."
Fortunately, the ozone layer does not block the UV.
They have a lot of useful functions that you do not suspect.
If it is limited to the man they have the benefit of allowing us to have a bone (vitamin D synthesis), unless the heat (infra-red), adjust our immune system and, apparently, to improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks the carcinogenic radiation and squanders the UVA and most UVB rays.
You know that you are not obliged to "d" to be condescending and consider your interlocutor as a remained when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor detail that was implied in the comment, which itself intends to show pedagogy.
Without saying that I am a habitué of melanoma, UV rays do that " dealings.
They do not PROVOQUENT.
For proof: all people are not necessarily embracement of melanoma.
Or, when a doctor tells you that we must avoid the sun and live at the bottom of a cellar, it is better not to listen because the UV is necessary for any human.
The excess, on the other hand, it is like everything else: it kills.
But for other reasons.
The UV directly causes melanoma.
What can we do?
And, more importantly, what can we spend it in the mixer?
Or go to the mixer...
I believe that the majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if there is sufficient strength and robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the purpose for which it is intended.
I think the army would need something more resistant and has not yet adopted the iPhone6 as communications equipment on the front line.
But for the rest of us,
It's still a good choice.
The majority of those who are interested have established that everything can be folded if there is sufficient force
Except a Nokia 3310.
More specifically, is it already folded?
We made this joke in every discussion.
I decided to count them.
This is the fourth joke about the bendability that I read in the comments today.
It's hard to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Before you install specific software, one imagines that the phone has been removed from the chain of main production, and it is difficult to see how it could come back.
Therefore, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...............................
The more likely it is that it is a unit of production on which the good was not properly installed and which is therefore stuck with the test code factory installed.
I don't know how they do these things.
But is it that they would test software on all?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the absence of FCC logo or EC and the presence of a red connector of prototype.
Ah the article for bobo par excellence.
We want cheap goods and was surprised that manufacturers produce in "industrial" it highlights super u but all the signs, and even the small shops are concerned How to eat good, organic with 1,650 € (average wage in france)?
But to answer your post, if it is possible to eat properly with a small wage.
After everyone is free to set its priorities where it sees fit.
For my part, the food is one.
Go without resentment, I embrace you
So-called Bohemians, or better boboécolos, people who see the world through a "software" ideology that leads them to disconnect with reality.
It is the total unbundling thought - right.
They are experts in posturing, for example pretending to save the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
It is also hypocritical, experts with the left - caviar, they sometimes come from, for example, in condemning the release of CO2 while spending their holidays in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our citizens do not support this mix of ideology and hypocritical cloddishness also don't be surprised to meet often criticism about them.
Waouh, thank you for this theorization complete and comprehensive as well as for all the details associated with (plane, shower...).
I would really like to be part of it but I do not find in it.
The concept is not so complicated.
The boboécolos are monobloc.
You have understood the concept of the left - caviar?
And while you are able to understand the concept of boboécolo.
This is the perfect copy with just an ideological nuance.
The classification would be more complicated if we are interested in green.
The boboécolo is part of it but is only the most visible fringe of the green because it is one that infests the media.
This is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, nobody wants to watch this giraffe in the face.
It is so poorly made that it vaguely resembles a naked female.
Shh, you are on the side of the plate.
It must be part of the microcosm of the art to understand the stunning truth of this work.
But you have simply no legitimacy to make a comment because you have not spent countless decades studying and pandering to major artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin does not know and that always seems to be obsessed with the same subject.
The important thing is that she has really managed to become fabulously rich and famous by having no artistic ability.
That's "art."
No, it's a pig.
The fact that Emin does not know dessiner
This is not really a matter of fact.
It is rather an opinion.
Unless the only thing you can appreciate this is realistic reproductions of dogs who smoke by playing snooker.
Judge art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Drawing, it is much more than simply represent the real world.
If you do that, a camera will be the case.
The author also discusses the expressionism of Emin.
Look again and let the image speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of design that you may prefer.
If it's so easy, why don't you do it yourself?
There is still enough to make savings: the activities of horse riding, the number of horses of the Republican Guard or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service....
L (honesty compels us to say that France has reduced its workforce, but as they have done in every country, sometimes even more drastic, starting with Britain.
This is only half encouraging...
The running without the support, it is soon!
An unusual approach, at a time where we see weaknesses, the inadequacies of our defence, especially in the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local communities, who lose a dimension of their activities, or even part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
@Edmond: that's what I was saying, look anywhere else where to make savings but not at my home, my home, this is not really possible...
This is exactly what you are proposing to do, look elsewhere where the muddle is certain.
That all those who had little or no military thing dare come here and say, the eyes in the eyes that there is not money wasted in this area and this without bursting into laughter...
It applies the same potion for the whole of the public service and the public finances will be a bit better.
And Josi: really reloud: look at the inflation of the public sector jobs in other departments, and you will understand why La Défense can be a bit busy!
Yeah, the savings on which everybody agrees that we need to have them, although you can see it somewhere, isn't it?
Lack of pot, those who moan about it comes to the murder when it comes to them, the poor darlings.
Should be done but, above all, that I do not fall on it because, in this case, it is a crime and not an economy.
Clowns, goes!
How close the Val de Grace will weaken our defence in the Sahel?
As for local communities, history repeats itself at each station closures, maternity hospital, barracks.
But everyone is for the economies of course.
It's bizarre, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and does not welcomes the savings in public expenditure.
This article is really the most astonishing thing I have ever read!
That embarrassing moment when the first three of those who comment on doing the same bad joke.
It is depressing to scroll through his Facebook thread and see that 80% of his friends have started their statutes with the phrase "this embarrassing moment."
I think they are going to make a movie.
It will certainly hilarious scenes where someone stumbled on his ex in the bus to work and realise just where her skirt is tucked into his trousers.
It's not embarrassing, it's completely stupid.
Not really, I think the author adopts the role of the typical British man who was always learned to bury his emotions and to bite the bullet.
I am sure that if you are a fan of Kate Bush, the announcement of his return to the stage after 25 years of absence was something strong.
Do you realize that your comment is now at the heart of a battle to see who will have the rights?
I do not have "the internet."
So I don't think I'd be able to comment on.
Not having a computer.
My god, I need to track this film before I die!
I can't believe how this article is the most amazing thing I have ever read!
Charlie has really shown that he is at the top of the top of the cosmic universe that is the satirical journalism!
I fell backwards!
It is imperative that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter that they finally have the enlightenment, and discover the incredible brilliance and genius of excellence that emerges from the keyboard of Mr. Brooker as a divine light.
Good god, it was really zero.
Especially when they are neither women nor transvestites.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive change within democracies: the rise of regional policies and initiatives associatives effective.
Until further notice we have forfeited the right to save our planet by states that are playing the hypocrites at each meeting to save the planet.
We are citizens, therefore, to take things in hand.
With the Commissioner that they planted to energy, all these fine recommendations have gone...
Translate: wind turbines and solar farms are non-even-aged points of tomorrow.
All financed by the con - tribuable.
I urge you to stop this pro-nuclear speech.
Pollution is not limited to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more harmful to the level of its waste and in the event of an accident.
As long as the sector is not controlled in its entirety, it is better to limit the laboratories.
Renewables are our only salvation, provided, of course, drastically reduced our consumption.
Electricity from renewable energy to combat CO2 emissions?
France is not concerned.
"Nuclear power is zero CO2 emission epsilon-aminocaproic production and for other steps.
Renewable electricity by wind or PV is already more GHG emissions on the other stages and, above all, gas, coal, or worse, as in Germany, to compensate for the intermittency.
Replace nuclear power with renewable wind or PV would run counter to the fight against the CO2.
Christial I do not insult me, I am Dr. of State in the physical sciences 1981 in addition I have done research in nuclear physics - I challenge you to prove lez contrary to what I said.
For what I did not say it is you who lend me the ideas I have not said anything about Germany, nothing, nothing, in fact, you have not responded to what I said and as for all those on the right to demolish the interlocutor I never do.
I quote you on the other hand the conclusion of experts mandated by the German Government: the current programme of Germany for renewable energy is an unprofitable and inefficient way to reduce GHG emissions and should be stopped.
0 emissions if you don't count uranium mining and construction and if you don't count the water vapour is a greenhouse gas effect of less than Co2 it is true recall two thirds of the energy produced by a nuclear power plant in water vapour and a little water in the rivers.
I stopped reading when you talked about Pakistan as a "giant of South Asia..."!!
The last time, Pakistan won against the Hindustan.
I'm not surprised, most Indians who post comments do not want to read and comment on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your state of mind.
It would have been the same if they had called India a giant of South Asia...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players are involved, but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would simply open a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafiosi.
With regard to the SAA, the opening match today was surprisingly interesting, Athletico de Kolkata self-established 3 - 0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go."
In comparison to the billions and billions that India spends on cricket in the IPL and now football, how could we ever compete with our "noisy neighbours..."
The race for the launcher CYBEROPTICS pays cash.
Shame for such a wonderful project.
For the incident, the design flaw possible only manifests itself with a helium too cold.
It is perhaps not a design flaw, but of implementation...
Unlike arianespace which is a private company, it seems that soyouz belongs to the Russian state...
And if the rule is the same as here, the state is its own insurer.
They can pay the satellites in frigates, who knows.
This is all the more unfortunate that many media repeat loop the only titles of articles - and that many readers do these titles.
In total, this creates a false impression to the contrary to the content of the article itself.
Totally agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it unfairly puts into question the project so that it is only a problem with the launcher.
