The remained of UKIP who refuse those living with HIV are a perfect example.
You talk about when Nigel Farage said the NHS should not be used to pay for those coming to the UK health tourism, and when, with that in mind, he replied yes when the interviewer asks specifically if people living with HIV are included in the unwanted.
First you use specious arguments and discredit you by a thinly veiled homophobia.
Every time me or my family needed the NHS, we must stand in line behind intolerant chronic hypochondria who think everything is owed.
I think it is you who use specious arguments.
Health tourism, as defined by the loony right is practically nonexistent.
I think it's called democracy.
While no one would be affected by measures of UKIP against health tourism, so there is no problem.
Only in the parallel universe of UKIP as Carswell may appear as a revolutionary.
A quote from a cloth does not constitute proof.
Yes, so shoot the messenger.
Mail did not write the report, it has only the comment.
Those who control the majority of the media in this country should be shot for spreading such a populist propaganda as if it were reality.
I do not think that you know what a specious argument.
You know nothing either of my status or my identity, then you should be careful when you try to kill the debate by accusations of homophobia.
The sentence Farage was very surprising, but only because we speak so rarely of this problem.
It made absolutely no homophobic remark.
It will take you to succeed you recover.
I'm not sure where you're coming from, but I guess you do not like when the media talk about what you do not like.
We talk so rarely because unlike Farage and his crazy followers of Thatcher who think that AIDS and flooding are a sign of God and not a reflection on their own inability to understand the complexities of mankind are some something good, then no.
Eventually the situation is rotten in Ireland and Spain.
With the new crisis comes the period of austerity will not help.
Hope almost 5% growth in 2015 is a big joke.
Ireland the 'TIGER EUROPE' 'we boasted be, there are a few years.
There have been on!
This recommmence to read the article.
We try to make people believe that Ireland is a virtuous countries and a 'NEW ECONOMIC MIRACLE' 'is happening.
With the Brussels agreement, taxes on the cheapest companies in Europe, a market of very flexible work, emigration continues.
With these ingredients nothing '' complacency '' for now with the arrival of the Poles.
In the 80s of the twentieth century, the irlance was one of the poorest countries europeene union with portugal In considering constant perimeter, excluding nouveauy countries the situation is still better than it was .
Greece was before.
Their developement is not been a bed of roses, it is on the basis of the recent event.
Tax rate the lowest in Europe?
Not true!
Latvia has a tax rate of 0% on business.
Now there is a real hypocrisy in France from the policies on taxes actually paid by multinationals.
If we are to believe a report released in 2008 or 2009, in France they pay less than 5% in general.
Only SMEs pay full price.
Now I confirm that the road traffic is again huge, and there are new cars (and expensive) has any street corner, just as before the 2008 crisis.
I live in Dublin for 14 years, the recovery is evident in the daily caps since September.
This is supposed to be economic news?
Do not worry, I'm sure the comments will soon ignite.
In another article they are writing, 2 Vauxhaul Astra are involved in a collision on the A140.
Does Ryanair now account transfer passengers from one flight to another in this way?
I think Mr. O'Leary will soon buy a new fleet, so a few bumps and scratches on old will be quickly forgotten.
That said I fly with him next week, so hopefully it will not be on any of these two once patched.
Then it would be entirely the fault of the other driver.
Does Ryanair did pay extra for the additional passengers afraid we kindly provide them?
But without this kind of Irish companies, you could not afford to go on vacation, young man
I never took Ryanair and 3 last time I flew was with BA.
I prefer when the airline offers quality service.
No, but it's Ryanair, so they can play to their heart's content.
Any article on Ryanair triggered dozens of comments from people who would never take Ryanair to the place of those who like to think that Ryanair and those who pay anything other than the base price are only to blame themselves, etc.
It's pretty transparent.
Ryanair will not be pleased with the additional costs due to this incident.
I wonder what will be the delays and we will have to compensate passengers and, if this is the case, if Ryanair will be able to avoid paying by saying that it was an error of the air traffic controllers airport.
The passengers were put on another plane in less than an hour, they are not entitled to any compensation.
Sorry to disappoint you and your compensation dreams.
Welcome aboard the British Airways flight that takes ISIS English Syria, right as you say.
Have a good trip
Last Sunday in Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois: the Marais is mostly pedestrian, and literally teeming with people.
People do not flock to the quality of restaurants (arbitrary, mostly) or for the Salon of the journal Space of the White Friars (hyper-intellectual and slightly dusty).
The reason for this crowd is that the shops are all open and the area is incredibly alive and animated.
With many foreigners who spend .....
You believe the Sunday opening is created jobs?
Go Paris Rue des Francs Bourgeois where shops are open on Sunday, packed with world with 50% of tourists.
aloes Wrong!
The only argument that would seem acceptable to me is that of areas receiving a large number of foreign tourists and is qualified by the fact that they buy duty free.
Tourist areas lost every year a considerable amount of revenue for the same reasons.
Remains the industry where expensive equipment, operated on Sunday, allow lower prices.
Sunday rest is a right enjoyed exceptions, employees.
That is why it is planned and regulated by the labor code.
Neither the Minister of the Economy, or, indeed, the one responsible for foreign affairs, not have any competence to reform the labor code.
While they the buckle.
The law what is it?
To meet part of the population and businesses who want to work on Sunday.
In Montreal on Sunday apm I take my grandchildren to the library.
In my city of 30,000 inhabitants where I live in France Municipal Library is open four days a week but not at weekends!
That's the access to culture ...
And this is precisely the regulation of working time.
lifestyle he tenaciously defended against fascism
lifestyle he tenaciously defended against fascism and Bolshevism
And if the succession of his daughter was, against his will, use to pay estate expenses?
There are paintings.
Some are good, some not so good.
No doubt that his estate would the pie, if you'll pardon the expression.
preferred a victory of nationalist / Franco in the Spanish Civil War ...
And his hostility to independence from places like Ireland and India and its fascist ideas as a whole and also add well-known hatred of the Jews.
Churchill was not perfect.
Me neither.
But for 5 years, and only for five years, it was perfect.
In 1940 he stood up to the other aristocrats who wanted to discuss the government an "agreement" with the Nazis and he cleverly won.
From its wonderful rhetoric and his energy, he united the country in the belief that the fight against the fascists was the only way to win.
The residents of the UK, and France, and Belgium, and in the end, the whole world can thank God for having had during these five years, just five years, Churchill at the bar and no other.
Churchill's greatness has nothing to do with this discussion.
Let his posterity sell the paintings on the open market to raise money for estate costs, they might even make a profit.
If the public wants to be able to admire in a museum, they gather money to buy it.
It's that simple.
But we could use tax money.
No one can deny that when it was "the moment of truth," the personality of Churchill was a positive benefit for his country during the Second World War.
A relaunch of the internal market through public works that will encourage large corporations, which will increase their dividends by avoiding hiring, infrastructure projects being renewable by little definition.
As for social reforms advocated by the Minister, they reflect the true evil francai: s distrust dialogue
Back to originator values.
Unemployment insurance reform is not contradictory.
What weakest among us is not in need!
Either jointly we come to his aid, either, he RIGHT in exchange for services rendered or made a minimum of resources.
The SM40H I like the minimum wage corresponds to that vision.
There is also the landlord who lives income from its properties.
It is appropriate to differentiate between those who invest for a return to the time of retirement and the living on his income.
A property to rent for a couple or two above, is vice
The genius of Finance singularly lacking imagination.
The new deal was a policy of public works, but in a time of major infrastructure deficiency.
Today, in Europe and in France, this is not the case.
Developed countries are over-equipped.
The need for infrastructure is marginal in no way a new deal could be a solution.
Especially at a time when the issue of degrowth emerges in response to a recession that is only so brutal savage decline
You would have been right there 30 years: no need (or opportunity) of dams, coal mines, highways ...
But if one wants to make the future less harsh climate-energy shock, then, the need for investment is screaming: insulation, renovation of railways, urban transport, transport and storage of energy etc ...
A tax system that favors high earners and pensioners.
Who is in power?
Obsessed with smartphones.
Charles Arthur is really a rascal.
Profits from Samsung are being undermined by the iPhone 6 and its competitors of the same range
The introduction in mid-September by Apple ™ for larger screens for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus has perhaps attracted buyers who would otherwise have bought a Galaxy
I tested these phones have decided for the LG G3.
So Samsung lost me as a customer, but not in favor of Apple.
I believe it is essential that we have an alternative.
When Microsoft developed this philosophy, we have experienced a decade of stagnation that has finally been broken by Google, Apple and the open source community.
We need to have several dynamic platforms, to stimulate competition and development.
Besides we all have different needs and they can not be satisfied by a single manufacturer, because they are not compatible.
For me, I tend to buy Apple, because I like their underlying philosophy and I appreciate the design.
Some people do not value design for them the options, functionality and price shall prevail.
There is nothing wrong with that.
Let's stop looking for "a better platform."
Is there a "better automaker," not really, they are different, but similar.
I want to see a thriving mobile industry with radically different approaches to people and different markets.
It's healthier and should be encouraged.
That is in all our interests.
I'm glad you found exactly what you are looking for and that it is not an Apple product, even if I have made a different choice.
Most people I know have iPhones.
Our friends umpfrontistes according to one of them fight the ideas and not men (unlike, of course Parisian bobos) could tell us what they (the) s author (s) they fight ideas about kind and tell us the works they hear just fight.
Or they just prey to the kind as described in Le Figaro, Minute or Current Values?
Their sources is Judith Butler or Eric Zemmour?
Well, John, I love you, and you are an intelligent and cultivated.
I said that on Judith in the vein of Furusato evoking Holofernes rapprochement that had not occurred to me (I do not have his alertness).
Otherwise, the "bottom", as you return to this subject does not interest me, and honestly I do not see where is the problem: I was hoping you and your friends could get me out of my backwardness, as I am slow but I understand ...
@ John: acknowledge that culturally return Judith Holofernes, it does.
Who's afraid wonders the World?
But what we fear those who are afraid?
@ Furasato and give us some answers.
The first invoking the Bible Judith, the second in qualifying Judith Butler slicer very symbolic throat.
We see how these studies relate to the most intimate home.
We are obviously more in the idea of ​​debate.
It is something else, much deeper.
@ Have you read John, the World published an article on the need for theology?
@: Since this is a debate of idea I thought it appropriate to go to the sources.
Pretending fight ideas from one presentation that are critics (Cardinal Ratzinger, inventor of the Theory of Gender or X Lacroix, theologian) does not seem very rigorous.
Anyway, as I explained to our friend umpfrontiste is all the difference between having an informed opinion and mere opinion.
I'm not sure that it is also understood the nuance.
I have not read Judith, the very symbolic slicer throat, I settled the "Second Sex" (it was more of my time) which I believe is the source of "the source" according to the wishes of Lo.
As I watched the eclipse from Melbourne, I saw red lights when the moon is shown briefly when the clouds open.
This sudden appearance of the red moon had its charm and offset some of the disappointment sometimes have the view blocked by the clouds.
It was fabulous here in FNQ.
Yes, the cloud of last night truly encircled the coast of Victoria and NSW, while most of the rest of Australia was a clear day.
Flash special blood moon.
Tony Abbott / Joe Hockey make responsible Labor.
But if the Labour accepts our budget unjust, we will make it its true color as soon as possible.
It haunts you, right?
I was in Melbourne so naturally I only saw clouds.
Melbourne has also managed to cover the whole week of the Perseid meteor shower and for virtually all important astronomical phenomena of recent years.
I begin to think that there is an evil genius whose sole purpose is to prevent people from Melbourne to see anything in the sky.
Melbourne is really not the best place for an observatory, even if things improve greatly from the other side of the Cordillera.
There were periods of 10 to 20 minutes I could not see the eclipse because of the clouds over the Melbourne suburb.
I will put a TAX on eclipse.
ANYONE watching this eclipse should pay a TAX.
I bet your first thought of the day is for Abbott, as the last before bed.
Who or what you obsess when he eventually (obviously) by disappearing?
It seems that you spend a lot of time reading the discussion by looking for messages in which people criticize the government Abbott then accusing THEM of being obsessed.
Great photo of the moon above the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Looks like March is going to collide with the Earth!
Nothing on the stock market and real estate speculation.
Nothing on the inequalities between labor income and capital.
Nothing on tax fraud.
The ultra liberalism is killing Europe.
Nothing on the gardens of Babylon ...
The article says too much or not enough.
The detail and the arguments of these recommendations are not given.
No hyperlink to the original documents so that we can form an opinion.
Go see today Tuesday, October 15 the results of miracle cures: Spain, exports are at their lowest in five years.
In Greece the stock collapses.
Yet it seems there are examples to follow.
The reform of notaries would generate a claim of around EUR 8 billion.
The Ministry of Economics tells us that these claims are unfounded.
Quid on failure of the Ministry of Economy?
Policymakers have garnered political benefit resulting from the courageous attack notaries will they have the same courage at the presentation of the invoice to the state budget?
Following in his time.
Ok, thank you, JYL ....
NotLoL State is not comparable to households regarding the management of its budget for the time horizon of the state is theoretically infinite while the household is limited by the life of its members.
Also, unless you consider that public spending are unproductive, they help finance tangible and intangible investments guarantees of future growth and therefore future revenues.
Some answers.
A regrettable decision.
But remember the sacred Hippocratic oath: the profits of the health of global pharmaceutical companies must be preserved above all.
Pretty conspiracy theory.
Unfortunately the truth does not match your fantasy.
Medical staff would be able to use, but they have their hands tied by the law as and written by politicians.
It's the same situation for the product that causes medical abortions rather than having risky surgery, secure shooting galleries for addicts rather than having them in the streets, etc.
On these questions the politicians want to please the uneducated masses.
In fact, doctors do not make money with drugs.
That's why there has pharmacists.
doctors do not make money with drugs Since the Liberals want our health system resembles that of the United States, you should educate yourself about how it works.
All over the world doctors are courted in the same way, but it is more or less visible.
It was perhaps badly worded to put the blame on the doctors, but the reality is that many countries, including Australia, prioritize corporate profits and "research".
So read the few reports on our spending Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme and negotiations with pharmaceutical companies compared to other countries.
Compare global prices of drugs everywhere, and the differences from one country to another on what is the counter or by prescription only.
This reinforces what is a political and economic process, not a medical or scientific process, direct or indirect.
In fact some companies are right now testing marijuana inhalations against oncologic pain, despite laws that hinder expensive and necessary permits.
Although manufacturers of certain drugs may not be happy that uses alternatives such as marijuana, those who manage to a version offering good quality products with known doses will benefit greatly.
Sorry to tell you madam but you are mistaken, there's a lot of things behind the scenes to doctors and pharmacy.
As for the hospital, they were happy to use it until someone put a flea in the ear of an official of that hospital.
We can not HOLD patents on the grass ...
If the "researchers" social science did research instead of doing politics and networking, could be using their "work".
A researcher survey, it does not compare one fact to another.
Compare this is not search.
Compare this to pedagogy is not research.
We can not say "the research is successful it must be applied" and then in the same jet "we must try at all costs."
If no results accomplished why try?
If your research is not accomplished wonder why they are applied?
Can you explain how a "researcher" may be inferred that a student who can not assimilate the only mathematics could more easily assimilate math and other subjects?
New technologies allow getting to the condition that students learn to use new technologies, but how they would come to learn new technologies if they do not learn?
The tests are just one indicator pisa do an indicator that allows us to find indicators that are satisfactory us.
What's the point of building an indicator that tells you what suits you, a self promotion will, a deception?
Only one track to train teachers: away from training the Sophists and the ideologues and practitioners teach practitioners.
Fabrice reread the paragraph about internships (which unfortunately is not well-argued) and you will see that your conclusion leads us to the most inefficient conservatism: "It is a device that conducts primarily for breeding practices, and which does not allow the system to advance ".
Given the general consensus on the state of the French system can not wish that only practitioners teach practitioners, even if they have their place in a modern train teachers
Theorists of education should have no place.
Practitioners must have one.
Would you like to be operated on by a surgeon whose training is purely theoretical, and has never set foot in an operating room before?
There is no consensus on the causes of problems in the education system.
Giving more weight to educational theorists, that would destroy forever.
Your analogy is totally screwed up if I would not be operated by a practitioner who has only theoretical training, I want even less to have surgery by a surgeon who has no formal training and learned about the heap.
Mike Weatherley, Conservative MP for the fight against the infringement of copyright by David Cameron
Why did he not say simply Cameron to stop?
Someone should make a popular arrest.
MDR exmaiers thank you.
If one day I start feeling guilty for violating the copyright, I need only read an article like this.
In an information economy, violation of copyright = flight.
It's the same thing as they must cite their sources properly.
Often, a license costs nothing.
No, it is a violation of copyright.
Not at all the same thing.
By using content without the appropriate license, you are depriving the artists of their livelihoods.
You can always discuss pedantic assumptions - but that's theft.
And you can repeat it as much as you want, it will not become true so far.
It is a violation of copyright.
Come on, repeat it again.
If one day I start feeling guilty of violating copyright
Obviously it does not bother you to deprive artists of their income.
If they think they should receive money for images used in homework, an almost perfect definition of what should constitute a fair use, so I'm happy to deprive them of this fictitious income.
Lesson # 1 should be to show how, if the children themselves create anything and publish it on their favorite social networks, they give up all intellectual property the site under the terms they spent a click.
Maybe if they share the headphones from their mp3 player with a friend on the school bus, they should be deported for breaking the law in such a way.
Ah, if we could export this resource we regorgeons the grouch that says everything goes wrong ....
If it is a PS member who says, then we must believe.
I have 2 children and when they are old enough to choose, I would advise them to leave France if nothing has changed by then.
The France pulls people down in the wizard continually.
I do not want my children to support the debt that this policy will be created.
What pulls down France, it is the speech like yours.
gus I work in a private company ever since.
I had the CHANCE to have worked in companies led by great entrepreneurs: it exists in France, but it's rare.
I am employee because I know I do not have the skills to run a business and this choice allows me to heap scorn on dummies bosses that I frequently encounter.
At ease in my sneakers I fully share the post of Jean-Pierre Bernajuzan: he said the awful truth!
gus, compared with the German companies that French business leaders consistently cite to demand reforms in France, Germany, the companies have been able to structure their industrial base to make it competitive, in particular by ensuring the link between the major enterprises and small and medium - What do the French bosses to do the same ??
The state takes their hand?
The state they accuse of incompetence?
Jacques L. @
Always the anti entrepreneurs couplet from you!
Remind me, what you created as employment, such as value added to be as severe?
@ Pat I understand your reaction.
In reality, France is facing an insoluble problem: the incompetence of French business leaders unable to create jobs and sulk and simper pending permanent state handouts!
This is terrible!
But they have solutions: elimination of the Labor Code, employers charges, income taxes, working 45h / week paid 35, and some, walking on eggshells, dare to demand lower wages if their removal!
I look forward to see all comments "negative" on the subject.
What is ironic given the way people always complain of First Group.
From what I see from where I am, Last was not really an investment for us taxpayers.
They tried to stay afloat rather than transform.
That does not mean that the Scottish railways will be not improved since Last does it.
But they were also improved with their predecessors, including British Rail.
Unfortunately we do not have the power to do that, unfortunately.
I tried to have them recently, but I have not succeeded.
But hey, Labour will get us out of trouble, is not it ...
It is an international subsidiary.
They already operate trains in Germany.
Nothing prevents people in the UK to create a more moral business and take part in tenders.
But it seems that we are not very good in management, most of our privatized services end up being managed by a foreign operator.
I still remember the scandal and criticism when First Virgin won the contract, only to have the decision finally canceled.
And there's more: MTR, a Hong Kong company won the contract to operate Crossrail for 8 years.
Well Labour, as they told us during the referendum campaign, is totally for the pooling and sharing and thinks that workers should all help each other across national borders.
We can therefore assume that they will be happy with this decision;)
This may be because management is Dutch on track while that of the British do not.
What ScotRail needs, it is not simply a change of ownership but especially new ideas.
Abellio is perhaps the least bad option possible, but the real problem is the ridiculous franchise system, not the franchisor.
"This girl was a fighter."
Lord, I hate, but I really hate this kind of expression.
Assuming that being a "wing" is a higher quality than many others, concern for others, intelligence, listening, for example, being "wing" has nothing to do with that to survive a disease: cancer "swing", which are no less dead, I know of groups of divers.
Exit to illness has nothing to do with merit.
We will go again too ..
I say it's not THE condition for gerir I tell you it .. HELP
Nothing to do with any merit ...!
As for examples of your life, there to judge you.
I start again.
To suggest, even for a moment, we can have merit out of illness or demerits that can not get out, is simply monstrous.
The body follows or does not follow.
A body loose, everywhere, despite the will, despite the confidence in medicine, you have a vague idea of ​​what C?
Sorry to think otherwise, though having a strong moral probably allows to accept more easily the heavy treatment and prepare for, try experimental treatments as did this woman and not reject them out of fear. .
Someone who is flying in medicine, it is above all someone who trusts medicine ..
But if you prefer to rely on the "lord" is something else ..
Nor with the deserved nor with courage.
These considerations are specific to the moralists.
When you catch a dirt, a real, you make you strip to the point of becoming a zombie.
Personally I have caught two, dirt, big, and if I "beat" as psychologists say these purposes, I was completely escaped.
Unless this fight is only to bite the bullet, to suffer hell and roll with the punches.
I thought the charge against Milosevic had been decided and finalized there about ten years.
I have not seen this name in the newspapers for at least that time.
What is happening?
This is a birthday.
A forgotten birthday.
His trial was conducted "quickly" and then swept under the carpet.
Is the story we told at the time?
The nationalist Communist who became sparked three wars in the Balkans in the last decade?
The Communist President of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia?
Please, therefore, are questioning what has been deliberately left out: 1.
How could NATO bombing be legal under THE LESSER rule of international law?
What country she was attacked Serbia?
About RTS (Radio-Television-Serbia), why do not you mention that NATO has destroyed this building in killing civilians, and was considered a valid target.
Milosevic had no way of escape: he was not defending his country against NATO attacks, it would be crucified as a traitor.
And he defended, it would be swallowed by the Western wheeler compressor.
Westerners used a smokescreen to detach a part of a sovereign State which subsequently unilaterally declared independence and was swiftly recognized by Western states who then lied from beginning to end on the situation on the ground.
The Serbian population has now completely disappeared (ethnic cleansing).
Vojislav Kostunica, who is mentioned here, is dead politically after his first term for failing to understand the situation that had developed.
Zoran Djindjic was one of the most controversial figures of the political world of the time.
Ultimately, the Guardian should not qualify tyrant Milosevic (although we did not like it).
I know that in Greece there is a method for predicting earthquakes walking about, measuring the level in the piezoelectric quartz.
This kind of study is undoubtedly useful and thank you for us to share the results.
A hope so but caution This water has nothing to do with that of the exoplanet named HAT-P-11b, located about 124 light years from Earth in the constellation Cygnus, which would be "the most planet small and coldest to present water molecules detectable ", according to a study by Drake Deming and Jonathan Fraine team from the University of Maryland ..
Method to be followed so.
Just as those involving animals arrive feeling a threat.
Thank you Treader Sciences regale us often these experimental feats are performed worldwide.
How the animals would know (In advance)?
No doubt by the collection of other items whose rate evolves in an earthquake.
Since radon example.
A gas prior odorless to humans but maybe detectable by animals.
All these methods are undetectable to humans, but not for measuring instruments it has.
But we have no reliable result on these tracks ...
It has been repeatedly observed (and centuries) that some animals act strangely few hours with an earthquake, including chickens, cows, dogs and especially fish and snakes.
I had seen a documentary on arte recounting the battle of two scientific teams, one in California and one Japanese, to recognize the validity of their work focused on the sensitivity of animals to the earth's magnetic fields, particularly their amendment before earthquake.
So of course I'm not a scientist but their assumptions had convinced me!
Or are we on these studies?
Why so much contempt for this track?
We should relearn to listen to nature ...
Looking at things calmly and rigorously, it publishes in a serious review, and no one despise him.
As soon as one speaks of the "signs" given by the animals, faces the same way: everybody will remember that 5 minutes before an earthquake goldfish oddly turned in circles.
I do not understand how anyone can think that Boris would make a good leader for the Conservatives.
There is too much done as Mayor of London.
When you listen to the LBC program one can not help thinking that this man knows nothing and he always tries to create a diversion with a joke.
He never directly answer anything.
He also said that he agreed with Farage, then the presenter Nick Ferrari asked him on what.
He could not name a single point.
He made so many promises to get elected as mayor and he has not held a single.
It only emphasizes how the rest of the Conservative Party is a bunch of crap, right?
Because he is popular.
Because it's funny.
It was in "Have I Got News For You."
Because it's a celebrity and that instilled people worship celebrities.
Londoners voted for him and he will be the same for the rest of the country.
When (not if) you take the direction of the party, the Tories of approval ratings will go through the roof I'm sure.
God help us.
I'm not so sure: people like jokes, but do not want their prime minister in an
This is exactly what was said Londoners.
He should bring with him his friend cinderblock, smarter than him
In many ways, I think it tries to copy R Branson
The Americans have had as President.
The French are really selfless and always in the history of the Pacific War.
For all those who have taken the trouble to read some books (there are, one French and excellent B.
Millot), the "Solomon" and the "Strait of junk" talk, as unfortunately the dead who remained there.
We understand that the Australians, who know (one of their heavy cruiser, the Australia, must always be in the background since the Battle of Savo) did not want to return.
We are actually passed the island of Savo, in "Iron Bottom Sound".
Although the mission is nearing its end.
That's small.
But the ecolo side is a total smoking out.
Calculate kerosene consumes to reach the goal completely undermines the concept ..
Just browse through the list of sponsors What philanthropists.
A com operation done neither more nor to do.
The cow, it gives really want !!!
I look forward to the web series!
Your tale makes me dream, identifying me a little passage (I also learned to sail with Crocos L'Elorn at Moulin Blanc in Brest harbor!).
Hat also for ecological messages, although some criticize the impact of displacement.
The end justifies the means.
Continue to make us dream, and show with pride that the Britons are great travelers!
Pierre, Trinidad and Tobago.
Good evening I think the red cap that has demonstrated against taxes is pleased that this trip is sponsored by the Brittany Region and the City of Brest.
Seriously it seems that local authorities and public agencies of any kind should not spend a penny of our taxes to fund the dreams of a few adventurers same as friendly as ceux- there!
Will he players in the current training that is of Serbian Kosovar origin?
I know Dusan Bajevic Lyon and Milos Krasic, formerly at Juventus and now Fenerbahçe are Mitrovica, but I do not know if they are still on the team
This is the defender Bisevac Lyon, not Bajevic.
Bajevic was midfielder or forward in the 70s and 80s and has led many teams in Greece, but I do not know where he is.
Bajevic of Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and played as a striker in the large team of Velez who, under the tutelage of legendary Suleman Rebac has twice finished second in the Yugoslav league (and also included the likes of Vahid Halilhodzic and loyal teammate Arsene Wenger, Boro Primorac).
Well, thank you Mole!
Of course I know Halilhodzic and Primorac.
Just out of curiosity, what happened to Krasic?
They said he was going to become a great player when he was at Juve, he is currently in Turkey, but the last time he appeared on my radar screen it was related to Blackburn * shudder *
There, I can not help you.
I know he lost his place when Conte arrived, and then he went to Fener and AFAIK there is no owner.
It can perhaps do something, perhaps in Indian Super League?
Seriously, Serbia.
Seriously, Albania, fear not.
You should love Albania because you're neighbors.
The thing is that the flag of this drone is not the real flag of Albania today.
Apparently it was the flag of Great Albania, encompassing all areas where there is a large Albanian presence.
A little excessive nationalism, actually.
Fortunately there was no damage too (as I know).
In fact, it was an Albanian flag with the map not to the so-called Greater Albania, but Albania before 1913, when the major European powers decided to give tips of the country to neighboring countries.
How can one have experienced "an explosion of joy" seeing two towers collapsing knowing that women, men and no-doubt children are inside?
How ???
What bothers me a little in this "evidence" is that the mere fact of having been able, even just once, rejoice spontaneously from the horrible death of thousands of people, testifies to me a "borderline" personality which all the "testimony" should be taken with great caution.
No doubt that short moment of "joy," we will not have thought about the dead or the reality of the horror inflicted.
We have just thought for a moment that, for once, Muslims were able to really do and the big bad evil apocalyptically Satan at its very heart.
A powerful do sth.
Grandiose.
It seems that this feeling was shared by thousands of Muslims gnawed by their sense of humiliation.
With testimonies filmed in Palestine.
Classic Schadenfreude.
We suspected a bit.
The West "Christian / white / Gallic" can not measure the degree of frustration, anger, hatred when he contemplates the musuman general misery, social and cultural underdevelopment of the Muslim Arab world today.
I speak of the suburbs of Cairo or Algiers, not Dubai towers.
The past splendor, magnified certainly is not a consolation, on the contrary.
How to get out of the Muslim world this diabolical funnel?
Totally in phase 2 major poisons irrigate the Arab world: the bigoted conservatism powers up and fascist nihilism.
The common point, freezing of thought and excommunication (fresh or army) of his critical expression.
That it has been understood before, should not roll back the Muslims.
This is the only way.
Edwy Plenel he has read this article?
I suppose this is true in many countries.
But in Britain, autumn marks the beginning of six months long, dark, damp, and depressing that affect the well-being and mood of many people.
In addition, everyone gets sick.
SAD.
I suffer myself.
When the light goes off, it becomes hell for me and those like me.
A dose of vitamin D should help a bit to mood and wellbeing.
Autumn is beautiful in Britain, with or without rain.
The campaign is especially breathtaking in the fall.
Not as breathtaking as the green of summer when everything is alive instead of being about to die.
In Britain, if you're lucky, summer falls on a weekend.
We had a great summer this year, do not make your cranky rambling clichés!
Not everyone.
I rarely get sick in the winter.
But now I am retired and I no longer develops immunity to germs from outside, it can change, I suppose.
It is not on the verge of dying, it's just a step in a cycle ...
A wonderful stage full of intoxicating odors with excitement that culminates with festivities like Halloween, Guy Fawks, Christmas, the risk of snow and lots of other wonderful words.
Just do not stop doing things!
Here are my recommendations for the holidays for you.
Yes, these dark and gray month actually make me much happier and more relaxed.
For the taxation of supplements for children, this is the amount received by the State which comes mainly from deciles 8 to 10.
But in terms of the number of households saw their income increase following this measure, it is mostly deciles 4 and 5 which are concerned (median income) in Chart 2.
The removal of the half on hand especially widows is not at all addressed in this article, or rather its impact is completly undervalued: 230M euros it is a joke that does not take into account the impact in 2012 and 2013 and implies that it is painless.
And it is not ready to work out.
Well, we is not on the straw of course, but dreamers
For once the PS made a political rather left we will not cry ...
It is obvious that those who are part of the richest 20% have more than 75% support higher taxes, why not 90%?
And continue and you will encourage the 20% or less work from.
Okay, I know this is not politically correct, but I say it anyway.
Long live the Trots and the OIC recycled PS: they all included.
Adam, you see what you look bad.
The proportion is the same here and in Bahrain 20% of the population owns 80% of wealth.
A fair tax is when it prohibits anyone to raise as much as he can.
Beyond a certain limit money loses its usefulness.
And once exceeded the value of money, the money only serves to make money is) to say to bring misery of the greatest number.
It is part of the 20% richest.
Probably also the 20% of households who work most (and create wealth, part of which is logically redistributed).
A fair tax should allow these homes to enjoy some of their efforts.
Or so much give up and live the social minimum, especially if one has a social housing.
The utopias of the Khmer Rouge heads cutters lived happily.
I made two AirBnB in Norway recently.
No problem.
In one of them, we had things we would not have had in a 5 star hotel and we did not have to introduce ourselves to the reception or to face any hassle.
Just go to someone's home, to sleep there, store and leave behind.
From now on it will be my first option when I am traveling.
The logo has changed, people ...
Check your insurance before you rent your home.
In most cases you will need a kind of homeowner insurance.
Make sure to use a service with the right logo!
Ah 6h too late.
I love Airbnb.
"It is very dangerous and highly risky" No this is not true.
You just really unlucky.
According to the link provided in the article:
To his credit, the answer to Airbnb Teman was fast, almost absurdly fast.
Within 24 hours, according to a supplied email to Gawker by Teman, Airbnb sent a locksmith to change the locks, he made arrangements to spend a week at the hotel and transferred $ 23,817 (for which Airbnb is insured, but still).
So why this article he cites Teman complaining that he received no support from Airbnb?
I LOVE AIRBNB to receive as to travel
Hello I look for people who have used air bnb just to reassure me.
I plan to pay a deposit and one month's rent at once but I'm afraid to send £ 1,600 to a site which I've never really heard of.
But where will we go?
"Supporting the troops" sang the Bu $ Herie in every key ...
Therefore harmless weapons.
I'm sure it will please families and relatives of thousands dead Kurds in Halabja to learn that their relatives and friends have died from something other than the chemical bombing of Saddam Hussein.
Unless the content of the article has been radically altered by the author, your comment is inappropriate (to be polite).
Moreover, how this mass crime committed in 1988 prove it that chemical weapons discovered nearly 20 years later were still usable?
It's not super clear the author's style "in search of weapons of mass destruction.
We agree.
You think this is the time to weaken the army to strengthen education
It's never the time to strengthen education, because we are still at war.
Alternative: It is ALWAYS time to strengthen education, because we are still at war?
We already enhance many education if "the" had to work 35 hours instead of 17.
At the time, our teachers currently earn more than engineers.
And do not make us believe that teachers spend 18 hours a week preparing their program.
But it is not seen as the National Education can not afford to provide an office at the college / high school in his teachers so they bossent home.
A kind of forced telecommuting in short, except that the employer pays neither the computer nor internet connection or supplies.
Besides, it's so the hideout to 17h per week and 4 months vacation that unable to complete the CAPES math, come, you are expected.
What, you do not want to wrestle you poorly educated chiards whose parents spit on you by treating you wanker?
I think that the priority in this area is to disarm djihadites khurde so the public can better flourish.
Where we see that the Bush administration has absolutely everything wrong.
My first job was a graduate in sales, in London, earning next to nothing, and yet it was a position for which he had a degree.
A year later, I saw an ad for workers for the London Underground, was paid £ 5,000 more a year and did not even ask the patent.
I have never regretted.
In this regard, do not worry if you can not find a graduate job, try to find something that pays well is either that you enjoy doing.
If I had stayed in the graduate jobs, I would still be paying my student loan
I do not like so much work in business, so I eventually hope to spend either in public service or in academia.
LOL LOL LOL This article does happen later!
Exactly, when I got my degree in 2011 there was already a backlog of three years.
The best way to reduce the number of unemployed graduates?
Getting rid of bisounours sectors like art / letters / theater / media / philosophy / political science, ie the so-called graduation unemployed.
I have one of these degrees and I ended production manager.
It turned out that the important thing was not the diploma but, as the above article says, a good career, starting at school and throughout college.
While the starting salary was lower but quickly rises through the ranks because in the real world what counts is results more than knowledge.
This debate engineer / art subjects studies last for years.
Scientists can not solve all problems, it is more important to be able to get up in the morning to get to work on time and interact with people in order to get results.
Humanities, philosophy and art are bisounours chains?
This is ridiculous.
I assume you mean diplomas kind media studies or whatever the abstruse die where you went.
Literature, philosophy, political science and art are real chains.
We need people who can explain the major issues to high school students, who understand the importance of the bases of culture as literature, art, etc., and the highlight.
It would not be a real territorial policy better to relieve Paris and energize the rest of France?
Personally, I can not see the people of end-bottom of the Essonne and Val-d'Oise to 80km round trip every day to come to work by bike in Paris.
Intramural inhabitants and the inner ring already have many public transportation much more practical (metro, bus, tram).
> Multiple secure parks and locked, as it already exists in the northern cities of Europe in Dijon and Lyon, will be installed on the road.
Good idea.
On the surface, the space is cannibalized by 2WD.
Incidentally, it is hoped that the City of Paris works with professionals from the Netherlands and Denmark.
As much benefit from their huge experience.
Well, we did not find room for ONE of bike attachment device.
The motivation seems stronger when it comes to finding an office for Bertrand Delanoë ....
Well, it's not going at all.
When discussing with pedestrians and other users of public transport of the reasons why they do not pedal it seems to me that the main reasons that stand out are: 1 / it's very dangerous with all these cars, the trucks, these scooters run super fast and not care about the survival of bike 2 / one begins full of pollution in the head for me bike paths are worst, reduce car traffic (congestion charges like congestion charge), slow ( Paris area = 30), to enforce the traffic laws by verbalizing systematically (even bicycles to flat meadows need to adapt the highway code written for bagnoles there 100 years to bicycles), generalized buffer zones after pedestrian crossings, if not before cars and scooters are not shy.
Bike paths is of apartheid, but we must live together rebalance the occupation of urban space.
Nothing on the bike in the great Paris?
Not a word about the place of cycling in transport?
EELV is right.
The target of 15% of displacements in bicycle is ridiculous.
I begin to believe that Anne Hidalgo rolled in flour green.
Besides, after what relates to OR, the EELV assistants seem skeptical.
I prefer to be optimistic.
Before the racket begins, it would be better to find out who is really behind this massacre.
Hint: It is not Russia.
Not sure I like the way the world is changing.
It sounds awful.
My children are not a financial asset.
A lawyer has expressed its intention to take the case to the ECHR, but I have not heard a complaint is actually filed.
Moreover, they should first file a complaint in Germany or Ukraine.
I also expect that the cases be postponed pending the outcome of the investigation report on the accident and the criminal investigation that would result.
Yeah but Libya has not exploded Pan Am 103 either.
Malaysia Airlines is not at fault, the fault lies with the authority responsible for the safety of air space, in this case the Ukrainian government.
The accident was it predictable?
Other aircraft were shot earlier, Ukraine launched air strikes in the area against the rebels and all plane could of course be considered as a possible and immediate threat.
Does the Ukrainian government has taken reasonable precautions in view of a clear threat or has he chosen to play with innocent lives that airlines pay overflight rights to the land?
Where are all the pro-Kiev trolls who defend their usurper government / ultranationalists of Western Ukraine - and want to show wholesale Putin shot the MH17 flight.
As far as I know, there is already a case against the Kiev government because they are responsible for what happens in their sky.
The precedent: a 1986 judgment of the International Court of Justice concluded that the supply of weapons by the CIA to the rebel forces of the Contras in Nicaragua did not mean that the United States is responsible for their actions.
No chance that Russia will let the matter go to the ICJ.
It's funny to think that Abbott wants to tell Putin that Australians were murdered by rebels backed by Russia.
I hope he can present evidence to support its claims.
So far investigators have said no such thing.
Be called Ricardo and be such a philistine eco is distressing!
Be called Polar is losing the north is gratifying.
One questionof philistine: is it that the poor today is poorer than the poor of yesterday?
I can not help but notice that those who criticize the more virulament the book of Piketty have not read!
It is easy to read, I put a few days.
It shows the statistical changes in income-producing, capital income, inequality, concentration, inequality of labor income, ownership of capital, and deserves inheritance in the log term ..
It shows that the concentration of capital today is similar to that of the early 20 ° before 1914, it shows that it is the two world wars that have decreased the concentration of capital from 1914 à1945 and how the concentration resumes after ...
Bernajuzan: you say no to anything.
I ask you how long it took you to read this block knowing that concentrating ability of an individual has some limitations.
Then the question is not whether it is easy to read.
The question is whether the summary of the central thesis that gave the press is right or not.
If she is right, we can discuss it without having read the book whose key is to argue one way for it.
No, it is easy to read ...
Bernajuzan: how long does it take you to read it?
Does the central thesis of his pad summarized by the press is wrong?
I do not read and do not read.
So I trust myself to the summary of his central thesis and it is the one that seems pure humbug.
The concept of the gap between rich and poor is the alternative.
Humanity did not she generally enriched?
And this enrichment added to a population growth is the real political question today.
Malala Yousafzai is an impressive personality and deserves the award without a doubt.
But remember that only 17 years old.
An age when most people are just beginning to find their place in the world.
I hope this prize will not be a burden to the girl and she will find her way to lead a happy life.
The problem is not the price but the political capital of Western governments who want to prove the old adage that the colored perverse are the embodiment of evil.
All my good wishes to Malala, but it must realize that it is used and nothing will be done to educate girls in Pakistan or elsewhere - not even in the neighborhoods of Great Britain!
He has someone thought his speech was a bit strange.
She thanked her father for giving him a lot of freedom but mentioned that if she was not where she is now, she would have been married 14 years.
Malala itself it is not part of these "colored perverse"?
You should have no "air time" on this site.
You, yourself, a perverse horrible.
This is absolutely appalling.
No, his father was not going to marry at 14.
She was 15 when we shot him.
His father runs a school where girls are enrolled and is in favor of equal rights for women.
It is, and always has been, for her to receive a higher education and that it has the right to decide herself of her marriage.
However, it is someone unusual in Pakistan, since he thinks that women are equal to men.
What she said is that an average Pakistani girl often has to marry at 14, without having a say.
Sorry she did not set out sufficiently eloquently for you.
This may seem contradictory, but perhaps it means that if his father had not given her freedom, she would have been married 14 years
Rather disappointed with this entry for season 4 and especially by Jessica Lange who clearly has a bit of trouble finding his character lookalike Marlene Dietrich.
I just watched the last two seasons are quite different but I have to admit this is one of the best horror series, one of the most complete!
A first fascinating episode.
The realization is close to perfect and Jessica Lange show singing the anachronistic Life on Mars Bowie is simply stunning.
I have not watched the new season (which will be the last for me, without Lange blah blah).
In the case of American Horror Story I preferred to have all of a sudden that watching 13 episodes spread over 3-4 months.
But one thing is, apart from extraordinary Jessica Lange, it is especially the risk of staged scenes and montages sidèrent me.
AHS was an avalanche of original plans that quite ridicules sanitizing of today's productions.
It escapes me a bit to see you throw the towel in advance for the next season without even waiting to be able to gauge the quality.
Jessica Lange is certainly a mainstay of this series, but you say it so well, there are many more.
No it's just that for me Jessica Lange (and especially its path and how she uses it) is really A mainstay of the series outside the technical qualities.
And I look good bah lot to her.
Then I find the series sin by writing, she too wants to make things simultaneously.
Season 3 was slightly below the 2 it was too dispersed despite some excellent episodes.
I do not see the 10 seasons of American Horror Story, or it will end up like 24 hours lap times what.
But hey, everyone does what wants eh!
This is what I say "I do not then look upon" everyone is obliged to do the same!
I'm just sharing my perspective nothing more, nothing less.
The loss of Jessica Lange, I think it will be fatal.
But then, that is just my opinion.
Less talk of tax increases, please - coupons rather in state spending.
No, increasing spending to please.
Those who wanted to slash spending have failed.
Or controversy about relatively minor expense items, such as development aid
The problem is that this is less than the margin of error in government spending in the UK.
The truth is that we are all talking about nuances rather than shift that voters seem to call their vows and during that time some in each camp, pretending that these nuances are much more important and substantial than they are - and voters see through their game and find them in bad faith.
Less than 1% of expenditure.
The "debt" is primarily of assets held by financial institutions in the country.
The "debt" is nothing he loophole worry.
I would have no problem if the government takes a third of my income (before even speaking of consumption taxes) if I thought he was going to use it wisely.
But this is not the case, and many taxpayers feel the same.
It is said that Nigel Farage was not completely honest about how tax cuts but hey, if you add our net contribution to the EU development aid, High Speed ​​2, subsidies to wind about unnecessary and nuclear power plants that cost double what they should, you arrive at a figure that does seem ridiculous tax the Labour and Lib-Dem on the most luxurious residences.
Your first £ 10,000 is not taxable.
This means that someone who earns £ 35,000 a year will pay about £ 5,000 (one-seventh of their wages), someone with £ 50,000 would pay around £ 10,000 (one-fifth), etc. and someone with £ 200,000 pays about £ 70,000 (just over a third).
And social security contributions?
More social contributions plus local taxes plus parking fees and road tax, and that's before VAT.
Almost exactly 30% of my money is deducted at source before local taxes and road tax.
I get paid decently, but not wildly.
Not that this is a problem, of course, I'm happy to pay my taxes.
But let's not pretend that money falls from the sky, or that it is not important to know where spend billions of pounds of tax.
How an unemployed person looking for work door-to-door can he prove it?
Even so, 20% of the unemployed would not seek, it means that 80% seek and do not find.
Being unemployed myself, am I more interested in what others are looking or not?
That a potential recruiter receives 10 or 20 CV, that augment my chances accordingly.
Actually I have not heard from job center for months, it means that agents are busy with control operations that really do get the job advertisements?
I do not see the point.
Because it is not the state to provide work.
If Pole Emploi does not provide enough jobs, then we must move from Pole Emploi.
How is it a sensitive topic?
We all have rights and duties in this case ensures that the unemployed fulfill their duties well in exchange for their rights.
As a controller asked as transport users to a conveyance, a department head or are employees of their work, etc.
No outcry in these cases, right?
It is actually worth remembering that the unemployed have rights: the only two times I've been dealing with Pôle Emploi, my rights AER had been poorly prepared, and one of the folders, cut by 40% , we had to fight hard.
It takes time!
I am not a legal expert.
Personal data collection and control takes over now, as statutory job center is close to being, in fact, an insurance company.
I would add that the issue of compensation should only apply to employees, it is they who pay the premiums.
Policies and non-French employees to grant rights that they have in fact not!
This is not normal.
I would add a worthy unemployment insurance contributes to the enhancement of wage labor.
To wait assassins tweets in Arabic ...
In reality there must be a direct military response to Iraq / Syria Isis stop so that the virus does not reach the conflict zone.
The situation would look like the spread of the Black Death in 1348/9 in connection with war and displacement at the time.
The Saudis have had the presence of mind to ban this year Hajj to Mecca for Muslim pilgrims from the three affected countries.
El Pais reported that 7400 had their visa applications denied because of their country of origin or of their recent trips.
In fact there was the case of a pilgrim came from Bosnia who contracted smallpox in Mecca during Hajj in the 80s, probably contaminated by a pilgrim came from Somalia, where the disease still exists.
I hope the world will have the same presence of mind.
Is is to be without heart to propose to prevent Ebola patients to take a plane for Europe?
I thought it was common sense but apparently those who "know" decided we could risk the lives of tens of thousands of people ...
These West African countries where Ebola is out of control should be put in strict quarantine.
Nobody leaves.
Only the health personnel can enter.
21 days standby after treating patients before they can leave.
If they contract the Ebola virus while they are there, they stay there until they are healed.
They are not there for drastic measures.
Just last week people were infected after having contact with people in West Africa although they have taken "all necessary precautions."
Can stop the progress of this disease.
It is spread mainly by the airlines.
Forbid them to offer to fly to these countries.
In addition, customs officers at airports should be trained to spot people with typical symptoms of Ebola, so that they can be immediately quarantined.
It happens to get the message of the first individual and group (including religious) second and it will deserve the Nobel Peace Prize.
I doubt he would be able to make a dogma of the image of God characterized by total cortex in the world in operation.
It is still far from this conception there.
For 20 years only that the information came as the particular premium of humanity, while religion, after cerebellar directs our actions from Lucy perhaps.
What is the point of becoming yet another Protestant church?
For those who have not noticed, Catholicism is largely minority in France today, no one is forced to join.
Critics do not in any way would put the feet to the church, he just has to see the small number of Protestants in France.
What is the next step, we remove the notion of sin, too "anxiety"?
louise: Sorry church does not have a vision limited to France.
And in the world, may be this will reach more people ...
Martine E, to be honest (as usual) the respect of others as you envision it existed before Christ.
Hillel a century before it was already saying: "Do not do to others what you do not want to do to you, that is the whole Torah and the rest is commentary; go and study!".
Christianity goes well beyond a mere reciprocity but introduces agape.
Your "advance justice, peace, fraternity" without god?
It is a return to communism? :-)
Next step: removing the incarnation and resurrection.
Jesus will this hero that changed the moral laws by redefining the respect of others.
Christians will then be ready to assume their role in the ethical debates of our societies and to advance justice, peace, fraternity.
Not very Catholic?
I seem to remember that the small number of Protestants in France is mainly due to the fact that their ancestors were exterminated and then forcibly converted and pushed immigration there a few centuries.
I hesitate between buying it too, the new game Alien or Wasteland 2.
And the new game Elite fate soon.
It can not be invented.
Personally I would choose SoM.
I like Wasteland 2 (I even participated in its fundraising campaign) but I do not think it worth £ 30.
If this is the PC version of interest, Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells at £ 30 and also provides a voucher of 20% discount.
Green Man Gaming SoM currently sells at £ 30 and also provides a voucher of 20% discount.
I am going to watch.
Obviously not at work.
The killjoy IT department block all the cool sites.
Hello, is what it is £ 30 and then 20% off, or is it that the £ 30 include a 20% discount?
But beware: the PC version is only for DX11.
it took me by surprise, I bought it, but can not play it.
In addition I bought it on Steam, so no refund is zero.
It's time to buy a new video card makes the mouth * *
It is a Brazilian website, but you get a Steam ID valid, I think.
Caveat emptor and all that I have not used it myself.
Amazon £ 30 for PC, £ 35 for Xbox 360 and PS3, £ 44 for Xbox and PS4
Thank you, I fear that one day they disappear from your library if they decide to take action against people who buy it there while they are out of the target area.
So join the beta version of Elite: Dangerous.
Thus, it was France 1940 a "putrid soil"?
Say, this Nobel Prize to me like a poisoned chalice.
He must love the France 40, that of "strange defeat"?
When we see who gets the Nobel one wonders if Proust and Dostoyevsky would have today.
The Nobel is not even an event, we did not even want to read the winning authors.
Brazilians, Chinese or Australians will read Modiano is already difficult to read in French and describes a universe so limited and so egocentric?
I hope the other Nobels are more credible but frankly I doubt it.
Modiano, Levy, Musso have little relationship to literature.
Did you read at least?
Or another Nobel Prize?
It would be better to judge.
As for the Chinese, Brazilians and others, do not worry about them.
Foreigners are very sensitive to literature and French culture them.
They will appreciate Mr.
Modiano at fair value, unless they already know!
On your part, continue to patronize Levy and Musso.
I agree with you.
Marc Levy and Guillaume Musso retain all their chances.
So let's see who got the Nobel Literature: H.
Pinter in 2005, D.
The Hi awful.
Since I drove one in Iceland, I keep seeing Kia Sportage everywhere.
I think this thing followed me so far.
Maybe she wants to crush me?
Or swallow me as horrible computer Superman III?
Hello Dantra always hate?
Hello DQ - no, not today, I took my meds.
It's Wednesday!
I had a few days off.
It was cool.
Last weekend I went to the festival of beer and cider Nottingham.
It was messy.
I managed to taste 19 different beers, Wobbly Weasel is one of my favorites.
I was pleasantly surprised at the mix of people there, there was not as CAMRA fanatics (not to be confused with the fanatics of the camera).
Driving on the back on Sunday it was really hard.
Monday night we went to the grandfather of a friend to play nine card brag.
With a real chance to beginner I could walk away with several decent bets.
I hope that if I get to 95 years I will be as strong as him.
Last night I went to a chic cocktail bar in Farringdon.
One of my drink arrived with a slice of bacon on it.
I admire Mr.
Read a little Buddha and you will understand how you are mistaken, dear Christian.
However, without wanting to upset you, I think you get away a little of the subject.
This famous all, it prohibits the quests for jihadists outside mosques.
It shall without delay arms trafficking.
Either one has eyes wide open as Meddeb and Taia or Boubaker either one has the eyes closed.
We must choose.
It is not keeping eyes closed is accessed in the light.
Forgive me, dear Christian, but again, you do against a monumental nonsense: all the authorities, organizations or representative associations, Muslim or not, having formally condemned the EI and its crimes, the French, Muslim or not have nothing to add to these official condemnations unanimous.
Who says nothing consents.
The problem is that people like you first see them as Muslim, Arab or African.
Not like the French.
Unfortunately, dear Kentoc'h Mervel, doubt exists for everyone.
As I have said a thousand times, some question the approval of the French Jewish Israeli massacres in Gaza, but it would be foolish and indecent to acknowledge a priori and to require them to publicly show to prove to the rest French society it is wrong to doubt.
This principle is in my eyes the denial of the republic and can only help to unravel the French society.
IF there is no doubt much to say.
Who says nothing consents, but agrees to what?
Agrees to a close with EI or EI conviction.
The silence is good, it is the main weapon of those who want the hare and cabbage.
Your position is intellectually honest but pragmatically untenable.
Alex Salmond has predicted that Scotland could, in elections, "revenge" of the parties represented at Westminster because a huge gap has opened up between their proposals for decentralization and what they have promised the referendum eve on independence.
Cameron must be petrified at the thought of losing all those seats in Westminster ...
Cameron is hilarious.
What are these threats?
The Conservatives do not care completely of Scotland as they are have no base.
They can do what they want in any electoral impunity.
I do not think that even Cameron is stupid enough to believe that Labour lost seats in Westminster for the benefit of the SNP is a good long-term thing for him and the Conservatives.
Who will shed a tear for the Labour Party.
They will be completely eliminated in Scotland by the SNP and UKIP that will cut off their heads in the north.
Ed Miliband joined the "Promise" thinking he was saving his party but without realizing he was signing the death warrant of his Scottish MPs.
No wonder some Labor MPs demanding accountability from their leaders.
If the SNP win 20-25 seats and there is no majority in parliament, even if the seats are not from the Conservatives, they will be in very good position to negotiate any coalition and they can force both the Tories and Labour to do what they promised for maximum decentralization.
I think it is rather important.
Not if Labour or the Conservatives want to be re-elected one day in England.
Waxing pumps 8% at the expense of 85%, this is not a super election strategy.
In addition, once the Scottish MPs will not be able to vote on matters that affect England, the Conservatives will win all the votes.
Oh, I think he is.
Cameron has perhaps not much to lose, but if Miliband.
Maggie did with the Ulster Unionists and it succeeded him well.
Yet it is still in the running to be prime minister in 2015 and that since he won the leadership of the Labour Party.
So basically, these boxes will behind virtually every reader to look over his shoulder and see what he reads, how it reads, and to the end.
It's "The Lives of Others" of East Germany or the KGB applied to the world of FRIC ...
Always the same fascination of monitoring techniques.
Ultimately, this will be at least a sterilizing effect.
I wait for the next post: Amazon manufactures YOUR book according to YOUR profile and this automatically through a secret algorithm her!
It's as gay world.
Strongly stimulate.
Thank you for the article.
As under this system, the management of DRM is not implemented, I have read the pirated files, public domain books or purchased from some publishers who have the intelligence to propose files without cookie.
Considering the price I paid the Kobo is without regret.
I am stunned to widespread abdication users face widespread ownership of their privacy.
Your bookseller general public, you always notice that everyone gives its loyalty card (fn * c, d ** ter ...).
There are also masterpieces demanding that the opening and completion rates are probably insignificant.
For example, "Finnegans Wake" by James Joyce.
Thomas: In the era of Big Data, the data does not really need to be personal to be relevant.
Be careful not to put all the literature in the same tray.
The anonymous data collection when there is a profile ....
The harvest is not anonymous.
These are the data published by Kobo who are, allowing neither to identify the players, nor the authors.
Kobo But has all this information, it.
There has been so exaggerated statements, erroneous and contradictory on the part of the Turkish government in recent days that the country seems to be run by a kindergarten class full of schizophrenic kids on acid.
It's even worse than that if you take into account religious fundamentalism Erdogan.
It is interesting that some partisan think Islamist Erdogan is such an insult that they remove your comment, but not mine. ;-)
Although seen :-P But Turkey does not want to shoot themselves in the foot, unless gain something.
If the attack ISIS ISIS retaliate, so it's actually shooting themselves in the foot.
A retired diplomat wrote on his blog: "The AP reports that Iran warned the United States that it would be wrong to seek to overthrow lei Syrian President Bashar al-Assad as this would endanger security Israel.
It is not clear in the article if Iran would send a serious warning of retaliation or merely counseled caution.
This second option is more likely and, in any case, what really surprises is that today the Iranian and US diplomatic engagement concerning Syria, Israel and the security of the region. "
Reading Indian Punchline is to strongly recommend to anyone who pays attention to details rather than c * nneries balanced by traditional media. The short article give you the link is important and should be read keeping in mind the realistic observations / previous warnings from Iran to Afghanistan offers around 1979-1980.
Who are these "moderates" who are seriously fighting the secular Assad horrible and simultaneously ISIS perverse?
Pipeline politics pushes the world towards the abyss and I would suggest to those who refer to "moderates" nonexistent to pay more attention to the facts and alternatives before sending other people's children to fight in World War III.
"It's even worse than that if you take into account religious fundamentalism Erdogan" Will there other religious fundamentalists to power in the Middle East?
I have one in mind.
It would take a Nuremberg trial for the Armenian genocide by the Turks.
It "should"?
You realize that neither criminals nor victims have the slightest chance of being alive?
A little late for that, buddy ...
Criminals would they not just older now, kind 120 years?
A little late for that, right?
Particularly regarding the CUP triumvirate who planned and directed the genocide, Talaat and Djemaal killed just after the 1st World War in revenge by the Armenians, and Enver killed by the Bolsheviks in a godforsaken place in Central Asia at about the even then, when he went there, dreaming of founding a Turkish empire.
What madness!
An impressive mastery of the slippery slope fallacy, but other than that, we vainly seeking contact with reality.
What shots without argument.
The fetus will always hear a heart that beats even in the womb of a surrogate mother.
The lesbians couples have may simply be a desire for a child and not a desire to be accepted.
Hetero couples sterile also.
As for the children!
What a shame to designate them as future psychological balance.
One day they will age to defend themselves, saying that they are happy to live, to earn a living and pay the pension that lady (?)
The GPA is probably a temporary "solution" in the evolution of medicine knows that our world.
It did not start today.
Many women wore and born children who were not their husband.
It is still the case, we are made ...
The important matter is that this practice is framed so that the "commodification" of the body is limited.
But cosmetic surgery, cosmetics are not they also commodification of the body? !
Anakronik Fareinheit ...
It is certainly more elegant to impregnate good in distant country via internet and Pay Pal as shoulder its responsibilities and to avoid scandal or another centuries almost without warning the self at that time from the rooftops! ...
These practices did not do more to church name! ...
It's not just Christians and believers who refuse these practices ...
The fact remains that the exploitation of the body is a real problem.
Oh shut up, this man is passionate about something.
In the late 70s in the Midlands I saw it from a distance.
I had to go the day because I did not have the right to go there at night!
But if you like it and you listen to music - this music today she always key as you.
I do not know why there are so many derogatory comments here on what Paul Mason said, maybe they are posted by people who have never been cool, even for a few years!
I believe that in the sports section there is an article about football awaits your comments.
Great article, very true.
Since the film Tony Parson, there is a shortage of stories that really reflect the reality of the North of England culture.
No wonder that Paul Mason has grasped the social and political context, he understands things.
The Northern soul still lives, but it was vampirized by capitalism and today it is primarily a surface phenomenon.
That said, you can take an ear if you are in the London area in November: 99psoul will again spend vinyl soul, including lots of Northern soul, Saturday, Nov. 15 at Betsey Trotwood in Farringdon.
I also thought "the same old story," but that's a small article well written and well thought out.
your critics really need to be more constructive.
Great article.
I loved your documentary.
I assume that you are happy to have escaped Newsnight.
Last train to Wigan Victoria / Exchange and get off at Wallgate.
By swallowing pills.
Whatever the station before it was Wigan Ince, 15 min walk from Wigan after buying a ticket for the stop after Victoria!
The beginnings of the Northern soul scene described in a great episode of the crime series titled George Gently Gently Northern Soul, is happening in Newcastle in 1968.
Business becomes increasingly poisonous.
The Palestinians have no partner for peace.
Unfortunately, Netanyahu never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity to negotiate peace.
Jonathan: Netanyahu is not seeking peace since he wants to continue occupying-colonizing (incidentally, it was also true of Rabin).
Obviously Rabin, Netanyahu and their constituents all have favorite occupation-colonization peace.
He took off his clothes, put them on the rock and entered the water.
An Israeli had stolen it.
The Israeli representative got up angry and shouted: "What are you talking about?
The Israelis were not even there at the time! ".
The Palestinian representative (UN) smiled and added, and now that things are clear
Israel and the majority of its people have no confidence in the government bipolar Palestinian authority and will not drop the guard ...
Whether this offense to anti Israelis this is obvious, it is not the goal ...
Zionist: But I told you, I translate: the global geopolitical report ...
And it is always so since the policy is global ...
Avoidance, avoidance ...
In the Israeli-colonial conflict, the creation of the Palestinian state, for sure, it lasts!
For the creation of Israel is not answered.
What balance of power has allowed the creation of Israel?
Zionist: the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is still a power struggle!
You doubt it? !!! ...
Besides all this does not turn solely around Russell Brand, but journalists Guardian seem to have difficulty going beyond anything he did not say.
Much of what he says are just not written pseudo-chomskystes other nonsense.
This proves that you do not understand what Russell Brand said, or what Noam Chomsky said.
It's just a series of personal attacks and innuendo (my 13 year old daughter likes him, which would mean that it is a matter of immaturity).
A truly vicious load, with just a hint of awareness that Russell Brand told certain truths, perhaps truths which we prefer not to think.
Hang on, this feeling will be more and more common!
I can understand why some groveling Brand: he sometimes speaks of pretentious way and after all the nonsense tabloid he actually gives the impression of being a beginner populist, but this story not to vote has been completely misinterpreted by I.
The general consensus seems to be that just tells people not to vote and instead sit back and ignore the entire political process - but if you look Paxman's interview and other articles / videos he posted, he said that vote once every 5 years just for Labour or the Conservatives (or the Lib Dems I guess) and limit democratic commitment to this is completely unnecessary, the two parties (in slightly different degrees) ruling essentially in favor of special interests of multinational corporations and the wealthy, At no time does not say just completely ignore politics because these parties do not govern on our behalf: he insists that rather than just vote and log out for five years, people should become much more politically active at the local level, organize movements, demonstrations, petitions, whatever and try to influence policy from that.
I do not say that I necessarily agree with his solution (because I think being politically active in presenting its requests can go along with the act of voting, since politicians are weathervanes who change their minds if they really risk losing the elections), but it's infuriating to see all these condescending answers that say that idiot who makes Jesus told the young people not bothering to vote and just hope that everything will be better because it's really distort his arguments.
His solution is extremely questionable and it would be nice if people debating what he actually said rather than simply label it as irresponsible and put the concerns of his side and a large amount of people left behind.
Yes thank you.
The trick of the vote was completely distorted.
The uselessness drag a bulletin in an urn every 5 years saw deeply upset that my vote really counts for nothing.
I want more referendums, electronic voting, direct democracy and deputies who report locally to their constituents.
Furthermore, I challenge the idea that about Russell Brand are not his (written by others).
He is smart enough to have his own words and ideas, even if they are strongly influenced by the kind of thinkers and anti-establishment academics from the cons-culture Suzanne would be grouped under the label "nonsense pseudo chomskystes ".
I'm pretty confident that he would succeed in a debate to convince Suzanne.
Maybe this is what the Guardian could do, Suzanne do as Polly Toynbee and interview Russell on a porch, with even nods added to the assembly!
As Max Keiser, who initially attacked Russel but eventually became one of his fans and invite his show, it's too easy to attack without really understanding where he is coming from.
It draws from a political discourse that has existed for generations but which has been marginalized by the traditional media - including the Guardian - for generations.
This "slingshot" especially revealed to me that the intellectual debate is no longer standing for a long time to RDV in history when professional historians have become a minority and where exchanges of specialists have become poorer earnings in ready-to-think Condensed kind Sciences Po for press kits.
For my part I had seen in the intellectual attitude of Pierre Bourdieu as well as that of Michel Foucault, a need to take a culprit, a scapegoat.
They develop both very rational reasoning but this rationality is based on these scapegoats are the keystone of their thinking.
I rather believe that for Foucault the state was indispensable as a culprit.
This is part of a very archaic thinking, sacrificial thinking, which is also magical thinking.
It solves the problem of respect to each other by eliminating it.
There is a slope anarchist, neo-lib and / or / libertarian (the second of the two terms marked a hardening of the eradication desire of the State, the first pick knowing the help of the state to its markets) to direction of less government / not at all State in Foucault.
The old dream of the base that self-organizes beautifully.
His thinking is built on the guilt of the State: without that guilt does not hold water.
Who says guilty, said elimination, murder, sacrifice.
This is not a position against the three intellectuals cited here.
Neither support elsewhere.
The totalitarian left remembers the good old days, that of his then god, Stalin, the little father of the peoples.
Oulala, you've probably read a tad too fast if you took Foucault's texts on the Iranian revolution for a defense of Khomeini.
Today, even Pierre Manent does amuse more attacking Michel through this ...
Gauchet poses a profound reflection on the contemporary individual and the collective, the difficulty of the adhesion mechanism in our advanced liberal societies.
Whether we agree or not with him, it's a respectable and original thinker.
See this cabal orchestrated by social scientists of the hard left that do not support that one passes from allegiance to their mantras, is quite laughable.
The narcisissme and authoritarianism of those people is limitless.
An important point to add seems to be the posture of these "rebels", who is an intellectual and theoretical.
The treatment of Chinese and other "yellow" which I witnessed in Russia is absolutely amazing.
You have not had the pleasure of hearing our Australian friends on this subject, then.
And where was that in Russia, a Russian might encounter a Chinese and have a personal opinion?
I do not remember when I saw a Chinese last.
In London and they were friendly to me when they learned that I was Russian.
In Russia here - in the 1990s the last time, in a market.
The Chinese think like white people!
My family lives in Australia after coming to Hong Kong and Guangzhou long time ago, in the mid 20th century, and I can still hear some of them hold about violently anti-white.
My father is not happy that his eldest daughter so with White.
I also believe that attitudes have changed in Russia since the 1990s and especially in recent years: they are increasingly rich, prosperity spreads outside the major cities, and thanks to this prosperity people travel to abroad and see how other people live.
From what I hear, especially the Russians have prejudices against temporary unskilled workers from the Caucasus and Central Asia, who work in the trades and in areas where they have lots of opportunity to be exploited by their employers or faced with a crime and high violence.
Although I have lived on the banks of the Yenisei River in Siberia.
Unfortunately, I have heard the opinions of Australians on the Chinese and Aborigines.
It's really weird that a stranger tell me that I do not support the Chinese, as I've met in my life two (one abroad), have no bad memories, all people are equal and, indeed, those in London were very nice this is the only reason I remembered that they were Chinese.
If you do not remember who we meet, all people are equal, how to remember who was who.
You know what's weird?
You and the other Russian here speak Chinese as a kind unique fascination, as if they were an attraction in a zoo.
And yet you still go out with said White.
How many Chinese men are with White, by comparison?
No, because there are many chances that the parents of these agresseraient the White PHYSICALLY.
No measure of impartiality of justice.
Yet it is the mother of all battles and justice in France is handled by highly marked left groups like the union of the judiciary ...
Marabout: Pardon, but judicial circles are frankly brand law.
When the Union of Magistrates, there Represent 25% of judges.
If a measure of its bias can be made from the relativity of law enforcement in the courts, it commands to remove two obstacles.
That of the political vision of the observer like the factual interpretation of the magistrate.
It then remains the tool of the law obliged to refocus evaluation on fundamentals.
The measure of its overall noncompliance of judicial magistrates, prosecutor included force distinguish between error and partiality of judges.
It would be idle to pretend that acts of justice are not distributed among the three groups.
The pretension and ignorance are not eligible for objective analysis.
So if all this is not analyzed, how then say that justice is improving in France?
If it is only by statistics showing that it implicitly from down well.
The previous preamble allows well write the following in the third ratio.
* That of corruption of the judiciary.
Sensitive issue in proportion to the nuisance power * conferred to the judicial institution capable of such heresy.
This field is that of spoliation * heirs committed to scams using the procedure * by inheritance genealogists mandated by notaries.
This profession gets one year with 150 million euros, while benefiting from the coverage provided by the * legal * virtual impunity of French Notaries.
For understanding their mechanism, a party was reported in comments following the first publication.
Where it joins said statistical improvement * moderated by the previous comment is that the judiciary has produced at numerous disputes between heirs genealogist and reluctant to do so despoil, a whole body of case law contrary to all laws favorable to the heirs.
The presentation of European statistics ignoring this kind of rational criteria is she not then an elaborate form of lying?
Surely totally prohibitive prices.
Still equipment to rip the disabled.
You could say that, but my brother has one of these all terrain tricycles, custom built to the size and weight and it really allowed him to enjoy the outdoors as never a normal wheelchair, with bulky wheels and tires, could.
As they say, tastes and colors ...
The Tankchairi like what Jeremy Clarkson could invent a challenge for Top Gear.
The Tankchair looks EPIC.
I think the inventor of whill never had to clean a dog turd on a caterpillar.
I'm sure my sister would love the tricycle-road, but it's just too expensive.
The wheelchair ultra long distance would be perfect for a disabled with a penchant for longboarding.
Here there are hills that would please them.
The prices do seem high, but there really are people who put this kind of price in a bike, then "you see."
The all terrain tricycle seems particularly useful.
All disabilities are not poor, though.
Many of them have at their disposal the insurance of a reasonable amount.
Only if they become disabled.
The thing is that the wheelchair is a niche market, so they can afford to charge high prices for things they full well know that we are needed.
We can not really say that the whill be minimalist.
This is an example of excessive design.
Unfortunately this is just a draft, it is not expected to make it.
I am HAPPY that the wheelchair 'long distance' can not on the market, because apparently there is no way to drive the damn thing.
Nearly 20,000 houses were destroyed by the Israeli army in Gaza during intensive bombing of densely populated residential areas.
Two million people are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007 (Israel is the occupying power of Palestinian territory, not Egypt).
Half are children and young people under 18.
Children eight years have lived all their lives under Israeli blockade!
Unique location in the world, unacceptable situation, also illegally, since it imposes a blockade "collective punishment" has all the civilians of Gaza.
"Contractors working on their projects away a little of their cement to the black market" ...
Ah that's not the language of wood, concrete and army rather the lady ...
The references are there to support an argument or a fact.
Zionist ...
The cement is good in the tunnels!
There is a black market for sure, and recognized.
Two million people are prisoners of the Israeli blockade of Gaza since 2007.
Unique location in the world, unacceptable for anyone who has a heart, and the moral sense.
The US has a well-guarded field: Saudi Arabia.
Morsi has not had time to govern because the dictatorship (supported by who you know) the excluded!
Remember also that after having risen, Morsi had restored the blockade !!!
And I am a Westerner, so I support ...
Jonathan ...
The Israeli-Egyptian blockade is ...
The children of Gaza are living on an underground fortress, built upside of the population who chose his owners!
Having a boat is a lot of work, Aleks.
I hope you've thought.
Couchsurfing is much cooler qu'Airbnb.
It is the same definition of economics of sharing, profit.
Many are looking for a one-night stand on Couchsurfing.
So it's getting paid (or at least hope) another way.
It is always much cheaper than a hotel, whether to seek the good addresses.
In addition, owners and tenants who rely often stop using Airbnb and deal directly in cash, bypassing Airbnb.
Where is the community in this.
"That she rents out on"?
No problem with the verb, what is wrong with your grammar?
We do not use the verb "to let" the United States.
The author simply used an American expression.
It is now an international journal, in case you have not noticed.
It would be better to have the right insurance for the boat, make sure it is 100% compliant with all safety rules and ask those who manage canals and rivers for authorization to practice a trade (that they certainly refuse). I have a boat and tried to see how the rent (in all honesty) on Airbnb, In short, it's really a nightmare ...
Have you thought about the fact that ships can be moved, stolen and repainted, cast, etc. ?
The barges are so slow that if someone tried to steal it would still be close to where you left off.
Or hijacked by pirates ...
these Somali immigrants who come here and attack our houseboats ...
Where do you moor?
No Marine Le Pen is not right!
Populism?
There is no truth other than that set out the facts!
Poverty is increasing in France.
More than 150,000 young people leave school with no training.
The increase in wealth in the hands of the richest is a reality.
Defending that?
Defending what?
In 2017 the mass will be said!
Capitalism will not become poorer!
High finance, speculates, plays with our business so our jobs, with our raw materials, so our purchases, our products so our diet, so with our health care facilities, with our debt so our institutions.
They are a threat in our daily lives by the same and they hold our money ..
All to the benefit hyper-mega-obese dequelques of money.
Until proven otherwise, FH said: "my enemy has no name, my enemy has no face, my enemy is finance."
That was in 2012.
In 2014, he was appointed Minister of Economy of the former Rothschild bank history to better defend the interests of the banksters, solely responsible for the 2007 crisis.
Was there no one else competent?
You call it how: turncoat, drop his pants?
Primary and populist reaction
In fact it is not clear that Le Pen thinks.
Where have you seen this?
Because the Germans refused to rescue survivors.
I'm not really sure Spee had "refused" to rescue survivors.
One aspect of this battle is that neither side seemed sure of the exact strength of the enemy.
Robert Massie in his book "Castles of Steel" suggests that Spee quickly left the area because he had received a report that a British battleship in the area.
The sea was rough at the beginning of the day; I do not know if that was still the case at the end of the battle?
Similarly, the fight ended after sunset, making any rescue operation more difficult.
Compare that with the next battle, the Falklands, where the photos showing the survivors being rescued, we see a calm sea in daylight.
In addition, the rescuers knew that there was at this stage more German fighters in the area.
Hmm, that does not really correspond to what I remember reading about this battle, so I did a quick search on Wikipedia:
"There was some confusion among the German ships about the fate of two armored cruisers, which had disappeared in the dark after they stopped shooting, and a chase was beginning.
The Leipzig saw something on fire, but getting closer he saw that it was just a wreck.
The Nürnberg, slower than the other German ships joined the battle late and saw Monmouth, bent and severely damaged but still moving.
After pointing the spotlight on the flag ship, the proposal was refused to surrender and opened fire, sinking the ship finally.
Without reliable information, von Spee judged the Good Hope had to escape and stopped the search at 22 h 15.
Worried about reports indicating a British battleship around, he put head north. "
So if this is true, the Germans, groping in the dark before the invention of radar, did not know that a ship had sunk, and therefore could not search for survivors.
They also believed that there was a larger battleship of the Royal Navy in the area that could have been seriously damaged, so confused they made off to enjoy their advance.
They were far from their base and Spee was well aware that they should make their way through numerous ships of the Royal Navy.
The sacrifice of Cradock had already harmed them and had cost them about half their ammunition, condemning them when they were finally taken.
Several voices in the UMP to ask that it be included in the law that an elected definitively sentenced is thereby permanently ineligible.
This is a courageous position that also affect elected leftist course.
But nooo, it's a joke.
IDEA FOR THIS ENTRY I PROPOSE TO WALL OF CONS OF JUDGES
When will the prohibition of trade unions in areas already protected?
How much time do we tolerate this distortion of equality among citizens?
Maintained by politicos (es) whose vision of the company is limited to those areas, always quick to placate the very people who enjoy their tenure to hinder the actions of real policies that actually try to make something happen, not beautiful parleuses whose immobility is the measure of their adequacy.
I met them in the subway around noon with their little signs "sub for justice" they came from province and did not differentiate between Bercy and Bercy stadium.
It supports the existence of politicized unions whose members put the enormous power they hold in the party service.
She would not defend the same right if theses unions, even extreme right, designated target personalities on board and led against them a legal and media war.
Your assertions are totally free.
If, right now pays the judicial developments is simply that she committed acts that fall!
We have no example to the left of personality that has had so much to do with justice but all those who have been the subject of his attention had been no treatment.
On the other hand we must also remember that the union of the judiciary that is left is not the only union of magistrates and it is a minority.
A minister with such commitment supports unions shows how they can be useful.
The unionMCR you mention may be a minority on the bench, but his influence is great in the Chancellery, that's no secret.
It is now asked whether the "mission" of some judges is not more that educating rather dirty.
@ Gus - You should be satisfied, the SM is a minority.
What are you complaining?
Pivoine: You forget that judges are not officials like the others: they are the only ones with the power to impeach and imprison all-one-each.
Jade Goody?
And if none of the participants ever come back?
Hello, Katie Waissel.
I think even the hungriest glory moron realizes that X-Factor can only mean the end of a career, then I would be surprised if someone accepts their offer.
Many have used it as a springboard to start a successful career.
One Direction filling stadiums around the world.
Other then sold a lot of records or are left for the West End.
Popstars, the precursor of all these programs, launched Chreyl Cole, who, in fact, is part of jurors.
Even ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Celine Dion, Cliff Richard, made the Eurovision Song Contest, like so many others.
While others such as Frank Sinatra and the rest participated in competitions in the United States.
In the 70s and 80s, Opportunity Knocks and New Faces launched most light entertainment stars of British television.
Of course, some have fallen into oblivion.
But that is what happens anyway with most stars who do not participate in competitions.
Few people, after a tube, manage to make others.
Anyway, most singers / groups can at best hope three albums and a best of.
Yeah, but now Cole, or whatever his name, has fans in the UK.
His fame comes partly from her marriage to a footballer who breathes through the mouth.
Most Americans know who Jeremy Clarkson.
can only mean the end of a career
In fact, it is more likely to lead to a career than the typical journey of rock, even if in your dreams you think all guitar posers who smoke grass in the garage of their father and swing three agreements a primary school level poem will surely become stars and that the only question is how much they want to touch before even releasing an album.
And worse than ridiculous: it establishes a completely artificial distance between the public and the Western nations studied - Remote that turns pretty quickly to racism, because we have sacralistes ethnologists these distant people as infinitely superstitious ritual steeped in bigotry, while the Most of their ways are strictly equivalent to ours and inspired, like ours, practical considerations in everyday life.
Except you rashly interpret in reverse.
Maybe, but instead of saying that the drum is devoid of sanctity, is it not better to admit that our Marianne and our Molières not also a little sacredness?
Our bias is as remembered seeing the sacred as a sort of well-defined purpose and limited to the religious sphere.
Very interesting article anyway.
This is the ephemeral deco to fill the void.
Nothing more.
Great article, thank you.
The recent Pantheon of illustrious figures of the Republic is an illustration that the sacred feeling still lives.
Who still believes in the interpretations of archaeologists!
Any other discipline throw to the winds interpretations not scientists that last the life of a mandarin, rarely less.
A critical when compared to the disciplines we laugh a little?
Because what applies to archeology also applies to the interpretations given by the other disciplines.
This would bring a salutary dose of modesty.
Your contempt for archaeologists is totally unjustified!
It is thanks to them that we constantly discovers treasures, precious evidence to reconstruct history, understanding of societies, and the example here of comparative archeology is fascinating.
This method is not very old and archaeologists previously relied on their "instinct" and knowledge, and could be wrong.
Nowadays it has technical and scientific resources so powerful that the interpretation of the excavations is better but can still be challenged by other discoveries!
One is here in full (and old) controversy on shamanism advanced by the pre-historian Jean Clottes (see his book "Shamans of Prehistory", particularly the increased re-edition of the scientific controversy, published by Editions La Maison des Roches).
Thank you for this article instructive
Straight men enjoy anal sex?
To Mike, I could get to.
Then it's over between us?
I do not really understand Why can we not keep three?
This newspaper is supposed to be serious, made for adults.
Do you really need to fall in the gutter?
No, but we are not against a play on it.
We could not watch a musical on it however, it would be too gay!
You could expect to have that kind of comment from you.
Looks like Mary Whitehouse has returned from the dead.
Because your trial offer is almost over, I suggest you go to Catholic Times.
I am sure you will feel more at home.
He prefers mikedow.
May I suggest that we seek every newspaper that pays real journalists, brave, for they write about the Middle East, Ebola, etc. at their peril.
Rather than sneer with these childish ass jokes.
Not very smart.
Go away in time.
If these "childish ass jokes" offend you so much, you are not required to participate, is not it?
You also know that this newspaper also covers the Middle East and Ebola and it is quite possible to do both, and publish an article on anal sex?
Is the subject that offends you, or the fact that people laugh?
Nevertheless there is the amateur video of the crash on the net ...
Amateur video of the crash on the net ... ??
If the FOM chose not to show these images is only to protect its interests in any case those of the driver.
If the FOM had wanted to protect the pilots it would exit the safety car when another vehicle (tow truck, for example) entered the circuit.
But we had to finish quickly before the typhoon that we knew it was coming, but for which FOM has not seen fit to advance the departure time (TV rights, advertising, money ...).
But apart from that well they protect the drivers.
Well done, I also agree.
But there is also that if the very British FOM brings the SC, it will allow Nico Rosberg have to restart a chance to beat the English that was leading ...
You let you on this blog my dear Dayrton.
But it's okay, I have a little time to flush out all your c ***** ries.
No, just no.
While there has been lots of conspiracies in F1, but never one that puts commissioners in danger for a distant possibility of winning story of a pilot at the expense of another.
This is not the FOM comes out the safety car is the FIA.
Nuance size.
Given the amateur images, imagelessness especially allows the FIA ​​to avoid awkward questions like: How is it that the commissioner waving a green flag in full operation and continues to do so after the accident (see full video after the accident)
No, it is not because the video is deemed too violent that the FIA ​​blocks images of the accident but because we clearly see one of the commissioners waved a green flag, a sign that the race can resume normally and that one is more yellow flag system.
Some comments show a dark méconaissance of F1.
Yes Dear Stephen, the race is no longer under yellow flag system AFTER the scene of the accident, where the green flag agitated.
This is the usual procedure.
The commisaires position just downstream of the accident (as appropriate, that can be 10 meters as 100meters after the accident) waves the green to tell the drivers to resume normal speed.
Sensationalism sells the pub.
Before I thought that the media were part of the "patriotic" propaganda offensive of the government but I am afraid that in the end, it's just for the money.
And sex, do not forget the sex, fear of not having a sexual life, advertising and the media are good to sell us things supposed to improve our sexual life.
Information do exactly the same thing.
The buzz with news of which has not really need to worry about it is just to continue to scare people to continue to control them.
"When the tabloids cough about Ebola, we catch all fear" Should be "derailed", not "cough".
Given the medical reference, "cough" is better said in this context that "derailed".
I wonder if all the people who panicked Ebola could start to spread by air realize they now believe in evolution?
You do them too much honor.
They probably think that this is the end of the world and Ebola is just one of the signs of the Apocalypse approaching.
Ebola is the Antichrist!
You confuse Ebola and Murdoch ...
Great article, thank you!
A short and concise article which ridicules beautifully and solidly this despicable pseudo-journalism.
It really made me laugh.
It depresses me that the media talk about most things with optimism backwards.
The aim is again to keep us sufficiently frightened and anxious (without coming to hysteria) for the government to derail us when he needs it.
I think it makes perfect sense that, if we suffer a fiscal emergency in the absence of any crisis, a terrorist emergency in the absence of any attack, why not have an Ebola crisis in the absence of confirmed cases?
It seems that this government is trying to save us from crises he himself invented.
Is there not something fundamentally problematic with the idea of ​​ruling by fear?
Congratulations on this post, and again to this world almost 35 years later.
Also at the beginning it must have been horrible, given the context of the years 1980-1990.
I'm bluffing, live with the certainty to spend for years ... ..
Useless testimony.
As always when talking about science.
Not only the witnesses are useless: taken alone, they can not serve as scientific material.
But they have a negative influence on the objective assessment of the facts.
trafic: The evidence can not be used for scientific material.
That may be why we refrained from asking questions to psychiatric patients when we have reliable observations from nearby.
My psychiatric records mention that my psychiatrist mother says I was educated telepathically by his stepmother.
This is an objective symptom.
When I say that this is nonsense, this is a subjective testimony irrelevant.
Ah, because the attestation of a fact (= here this testimony, testifying to the contamination and the effectiveness of new treatments) is useless in a scientific approach?
On what do you base the research, then?
On fantasies?
You put the same level of fanciful theories and facts (= leading to verifiable evidence)?
"Resilience": the word can adored by grandmothers, fans of JL Delarue, who think they are great psychologists after reading Ansembourg.
Jim: There are lots of meaningless buzzwords among psychologists.
Cyrulnik made us the blow of "resilience".
As it is a great scientist, Cyrulnik, I hope we will have tinkered a reliable measurement scale to quantify, this famous resilience.
I wonder if the air Sentinels could save us all from Farage and company ??
It does not make you think of Team America?
Seriously, this is * not * a good idea to highlight the Thunderbirds ...
And why not?
It was a great series and it seems like the ones that stand out are aware!
So let our salvation in Almighty who can do miracles.
But how will they do for children to hang?
The only solution that comes to mind is humor genre pee-poo, which would kill the series.
It was already a children's series.
Children clung.
Oh, because it's a children's series?
The UKIP work for Mysterons.
So keep your Team America.
Still Supermarionation?
This will not be the same if we do not see the son and the animation is well done. :-)
I'm looking forward to this (although being an adult), but I hope this will give the idea of ​​a chain rebroadcast old.
The series has almost never stopped being broadcast here in Australia; it's at least 40 years that we have one-hour episodes on Saturday and Sunday at 06 pm.
Since the arrival of free digital TV a few years ago, it is on one of the commercial channels of second order and can always see in these hours.
And more episodes of half an hour now spend 05 to 30 pm, Monday to Friday!
Okay, I'm probably a "sad" man of 60, but I do not watch this series every day!
He did it not "Temple Mount" in or under the Mosque esplanades !!!
The radical Zionists invented this to give political legitimacy to colonize Jerusalem.
Besides, all Israeli excavations beneath and around the mosque esplanades decades have helped find anything.
The Temple Mount if there is elsewhere.
Maybe in Argentina ??
This mountain is not sought for the simple reason that this is the hill on which was built the Temple Mount.
Its summit, or Dome of the Rock, projects the middle of the Mosque of Omar.
For Muslims, Mohammed ascended to heaven from the rock.
For Jews, it is Mount Moriah where Abraham almost sacrificing his son Isaac.
From the moment it was taken and contextualized, no propaganda, but information k1k1 expensive.
Israel also has its extremists, it is worth remembering regularly, and unfortunately they are relayed to the government (Naftali Bennet, Avigdor Lieberman, Netanyahu and even, he had accepted the plan with 2 states, and scuttled continuously !).
It is also good to show how the annexation of Jerusalem is not a peaceful done.
God will he recognize his own?
The shorter of Jewish joke: "God be praised!"
For us boast tourism in Israel, often shows young nymphs half undressed, languishing on the beach.
The reality is, as usual, very different from what we show advertising, as seen in the picture that illustrates the article.
It's a little scary though.
And this picture is a beautiful work of propaganda!
Too bad the Reuters photographer did not take pictures of the hundreds of Palestinians allowed to fit on the Temple Mount and prefer stoning Jewish worshipers below, praying at the Wailing Wall.
Mat, If this photo disturbs you is rightly this is neither the newspaper nor the photographer, but the woman and the ideology it transmits to be condemned.
This system is not sustainable and will end in tears.
The only way to end this system, it is the revolution.
Since the economy seems to go into a spin, large companies have benefited enormously from their employees.
They were able to convince their employees that they are lucky to have a job and can not afford to increase wages, while at the same time and without hiding, they always gave remuneration most important to the small elite at the top.
You're right, it is not sustainable, but this will change in this country that when workers really speak with one voice.
Instead of bitching and moaning when someone else went on strike, support them, show a bit of solidarity and understand that their strike is not just about their problems, but also shows your employer that we do not fuck people with impunity.
Unless we abandon democracy, in which case if it is sustainable.
I totally agree.
The only thing you forgot was that the British and American companies sold our industry and now our services to countries where social and environmental conditions are the worst.
Such as China and India.
All this can not end well.
This is because we are a democracy it held.
Have you voted for PTCI?
The transatlantic trade and investment partnership (YNP) is to increase the profits of companies held by these people bypassing national governments by secret courts.
It sounds incredible, but that is exactly what what is the dispute resolution mechanism between investors and states (ISDS) proposed by the agreement.
The Greens are against this project and trying to alert people about the unimaginable damage that this agreement will have on our lives.
It is only recently that we begin to talk in the media: Independent Guardian World Development Movement So look these links and you will understand what is being negotiated behind your back.
Churchill did he not say "blood, sweat and tears"?
That make excellent benefits, while digital money has no reason to fall much less grow on the trees.
The next weak link is probably the automotive market.
This gentleman is right, in the eighteenth there were unions in all regiments
In the very Catholic French army, there is a sacrificial dimension.
Let there (well, its officers, others, nobody knows anything) believe the safe eternal values ​​of France, and she will fight and will close its mouth.
And with the decline of the country, globalization, Europe, the crisis of values, in short: the dissolution of the idea of ​​Nation, to have this little relic is comforting.
While for her, it is becoming more uncomfortable ...
They still miss you sindicat sdes married men, unmarried, married women, unmarried, lost dogs and I do not know what else
If you do not correctly write the French, I am unionized.
You are warned, it will be your fault.
For the defense of vested interests is already under enough protected professions with unions, which created a breach of equality with other citizens.
You are requested not to laugh about risk aversion on the part of an official.
One can very well imagine a system ensuring a certain freedom of expression without unions or so without the right to strike as in Germany, in exchange for the protection they enjoy.
If not insured disaster.
And with carts who are preparing the government welcomes it.
What security are you talking about?
Ignorance indeed ...
Ignorance ignorance Sybille I was referring to military and other officials, since it is the subject here commented ...
Delete "through its delegates" in Article 8 of the preamble of the 1946 constitution.
It will become: "8.
All workers in the collective determination of working conditions and the management of companies. "
This is absolutely vital with the emergence of informational power.
And yet you have open, presumably read and commented on an article specifically entitled "The Great British Bake Off review". ?????
Wait, the section was there, all empty.
I thought it had to start the conversation.
Either way it is the marriage of Joffrey I looked, and I can tell you that some were well seasoned.
In the wedding episode of Joffrey was one of the best moments (though misleading: it was wine) in the history of television.
Also, the pie ... hmm
Game of Thrones!
I love GBBO!
This is the second time in a row, strangely, the show ends with a victory of the baker less worse; nobody made like "boom, this is my fucking cake now bouffez it and bow before your master!"
Maybe the extra pressure of friends and relatives outside finally had an effect for them?
In previous weeks, all these outsiders were kept out.
And there is also this idea of ​​"play it safe, there is always next week" disappearing last week.
I love to cook but I can not imagine inflict it.
I am grateful to those who do well and we offer great entertainment and pushes us to try new things.
GBBO forward to 2015!
I agree, the last challenge of last year, the wedding cake, was absurd.
Professionals usually take days to get them and they were to tinker in 3-4 hours.
The three challenges were really hard to decide, I do not know how they were able to choose a winner.
At Luis, the only real fault they could find it was a bit dry basis (although I agree with Hollywood to say that the green icing on Richard mill not inviting, anyway Richard had already lost at that time).
I must confess that many challenges in this series seem a bit artificial because of the time limit.
There also has cancer that threatens with the blows of solar wind.
Decidedly, everything succeeds us right now.
A bad time to pass for humanity, hopefully.
You confuse solar wind and ultraviolet radiation.
The UV is blocked primarily by the ozone layer that is formed precisely by the residual impact of solar wind and UV particles.
So even if the magnetic field weakened, there would not be enough solar wind to "drive" the stratospheric ozone.
There would be more, and therefore less UV and "cancers".
Fortunately, the ozone layer does not block UV.
They have a bunch of useful features that you do not suspect.
If we limit ourselves to the man they have the advantage of allowing us to have the bones (vitamin D synthesis), we heat (less than infrared), modulating our immune system and, it seems , improve our morale.
The ozone layer blocks the carcinogenic UVC and lets UVA and UVB most.
You know you do not have to be condescending and consider your partner as a standing when you post a comment?
Especially for a minor clarification that was implied in the commentary, which itself intends to show pedagogy.
Without saying that I am a regular melanoma, UV do that REACCEL development.
They do not PROVOKE.
For proof: all persons tanned do not necessarily melanoma.
Or when a doctor told you to avoid the sun and live in a cellar, it is better not to listen because UV is necessary for any human.
The excess, for cons, it's like everything: it kills.
But for other reasons.
UV directly cause melanoma.
Are we may bend?
And most importantly, do we can pass to the mixer?
or pass it to the blender ...
I believe the majority of those interested have established it that everything can be folded if it applies sufficient strength and robustness of the iPhone 6 is perfectly acceptable, for the purpose for which it is intended.
I think the army would need something more durable and therefore has not yet adopted the iPhone6 ​​as frontline communications equipment.
But for us,
It remains a good choice.
the majority of those interested have established it that everything can be folded if it applies sufficient force
Unless a Nokia 3310.
Specifically, is there already folded?
We made this joke in each discussion.
I decided to count them.
This is the fourth on the bending joke I read in the comments today.
It is difficult to understand how a prototype can be distributed like that.
Before we install specific software, we imagine that the phone was removed from the main production line and it is unclear how it could return.
So hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ........................................
The most likely is that this is a production unit on which iOS has been installed correctly and is therefore stuck with the factory test code installed.
I do not know how they do all that stuff.
But, is that they would test software for all?
The photographs on Ebay clearly show the lack of FCC or CE logo and the presence of a prototype red connector.
ah the article for bobo par excellence.
We want cheap products and it is surprising that manufacturers produce in 'industrial' It highlights super u but all signs meme and petty trade are involved How to eat good, bio avac € 1,650 (average wage in France) ?
But to answer your post if it is possible to eat well with a small salary.
After everyone is free to set its priorities where they wish.
For me food is.
Go without rancor, I embrace you
Called bobos, or better boboécolos, people who see the world through a "software" ideology that leads them to disconnect from reality.
It's full unbundling thought-reason.
They are experts in gesticulation, for example claiming saving the planet because they have avoided taking a shower.
There are also experts in hypocrisy, joining in that the left-caviar, they are sometimes produced, for example by condemning CO2 emissions while spending their vacation in the Maldives.
The vast majority of our citizens do not support this mixture of ideology and hypocrisy lourdaude also do not be surprised to encounter often critical about them.
Wow, thank you for this comprehensive and exhaustive theorization and for all associated details (aircraft, shower ...).
I would like to be part of but I'm confused.
The concept is not so complicated.
The boboécolos are integral.
You have understood the concept of the left-caviar?
Well you are able to understand the concept of boboécolo.
This is the perfect copy with just an ideological tinge.
The classification would be more complicated if we were interested to environmentalists tout court.
The boboécolo in part but is only the most visible fringe environmentalists because it is one that infests the media.
This is a beautiful giraffe.
Apparently, no one wants to watch this giraffe face.
She is so poorly made that it vaguely resembles a female nude.
Shh, you're missing the point.
It must be part of the art microcosm for understanding the stunning beauty of truth of this work.
But you simply have no legitimacy to make a comment because you have not spent countless decades to study and flatter great artists.
The important thing is not the fact that Emin does not know to draw and always seems obsessed with the subject.
The important thing is that it has really managed to become fabulously rich and famous having no artistic ability.
That is * art *.
No, this is the pig.
The fact that Emin know not draw
That is not really a proven fact.
Rather, it is an opinion.
Unless the only thing that you can enjoy are realistic reproductions of dogs who smoke while playing billiards.
Judge art can be problematic, but not in this case.
Drawing is more than just represent reality.
If you are looking for it, camera will do.
The author also speaks of expressionism Emin.
Look again and let the picture speak for itself, without comparing it to the kind of design you might prefer.
If it's that easy, why do not you do yourself?
There is still something to save: the riding activities, the number of horses of the Republican Guard or the status of the generals who are no longer in active service ....
L (honesty requires that France reduces its workforce, but as did all countries, sometimes even more drastic way, starting with Britain.
This is only half encouraging ...
The operational without support, it quickly reaches its limits!
A unique approach, at a time when we see the weaknesses, the shortcomings of our defense, particularly in the Sahel.
A bad blow for the local authorities concerned, which lose a dimension of their activities, or even a part of their history.
Where is the promised sanctuary?
edmond: that's what I said, look else where to save money but especially not at my home that is really not possible ...
This is exactly what you propose to do, look elsewhere where mismanagement is certain.
All those who knew him more or less military matters dare say come here, staring into the eyes there is not money wasted in this scope and without bursting out laughing ...
We apply the same potion to all of the public service and public finances will go a little better.
And Josi: reloud really: watch the inflation of public employment in other departments and you will understand why the Defence can estimate a bit loaded!
Yeah, the savings on which everyone agrees to do them must be that it shows somewhere, right?
Bad luck, those upon whom it falls to mourn the assassination when it happens at home, poor darlings.
Should be done but also that it does not fall on me because in this case, it is a crime and not an economy.
Puppets, go!
How close the Val de Grace weaken our defense system in the Sahel?
As for local governments, history repeats itself at each station closing, maternity hospital, barracks.
But everyone is of course for savings.
It's weird, a UMP mayor who wants compensation and does not rejoice savings in public spending.
This is truly the most amazing thing I've ever read!
That awkward moment when the first three people who comment do the same bad joke.
That is depressed to scroll over his Facebook and see that 80% of his friends began their statutes with the phrase "This embarrassing moment."
I think they'll make a movie.
He surely be based on hilarious scenes where someone stumbles across his ex on the bus going to work and realizes just where her skirt was tucked into his pants.
It's not embarrassing is completely stupid.
Not really, in my opinion the author adopts the role of the typical British man who was always taught to bury his emotions and bite the bullet.
I'm sure if you're a fan of Kate Bush, announcing his return to the stage after 25 years of absence was something strong.
You realize that your comment is now the heart of a battle over who gets the rights?
I do not have "the internet".
So I do not think I can comment.
Having no computer.
My god, I have to track the film before I die!
I can not believe how this product is the most incredible thing I have ever read!
Charlie really has shown that it is at the top of the summit of the cosmic universe that is the satirical journalism!
I fell backwards!
It is imperative that I share with all my friends on Facebook and Twitter so that they have finally discovered enlightenment and amazing brilliance and unsurpassed engineering gushing keyboard Mr Brooker as a divine glow.
Good God, it was really bad.
Especially if they are neither women nor transvestites.
I am a parasite.
This shows a positive trend in democracies: the rise of regional policies and effective community initiatives.
Until further notice we're confiscating the right to save our planet by States hypocrites who play each meeting to save the planet.
We decide, citizens to take matters in hand.
With the Commissioner they planted to energy, all these beautiful recommendations flew ....
Translate: Wind turbines and solar farms are the Round points tomorrow.
All financed by the taxpayer con-.
Please stop this pro-nuclear discourse.
The pollution is not limited to CO2.
Radioactivity is much more detrimental to the level of waste and in case of accident.
As the die is not controlled in its entirety, it is better to limit the laboratories.
Renewables are our only salvation, provided, of course, drastically reduced our consumption.
Electricity from Renewable fight against CO2 emissions?
France is in no way concerned.
Nuclear power is zero CO2 emissions in the production and epsilon for the other stages.
Electricity from renewable wind or PV is already more GHGs on other stages and especially gas, coal or worse as in Germany, to offset intermittency.
Replace nuclear power with renewable wind or PV would contradict the fight against CO2.
Christial I will not insult you I'm a Doctor in Physics 1981 more I did research in nuclear physics I challenge you to prove lez opposite of what I said.
For what I did not say it was you who lend me ideas I 've said nothing about Germany is nothing nothing you have not responded to what I said and like all rightists demolish the speaker I never do.
I quote also the conclusion of experts mandated by the German government: the current program of Germany of renewable energy is an uneconomic and inefficient way to reduce GHG emissions and should be discontinued.
0 issue if you do not count the uranium mining and construction, and if you do not count the water vapor greenhouse gas effect than lower Co2 indeed recall two thirds of energy produced by a nuclear power plant by water vapor and a little water in rivers.
I stopped reading when you spoke of Pakistan as a "giant of South Asia" ... !!
The last time Pakistan won against Hindustan.
That does not surprise me, most Indians who post comments do want to read and comment on articles against Pakistan.
In fact, it shows your mindset.
It would have been like if they had called the Indian giant of South Asia ...
I have nothing against the fact that some Pakistani players involved, but having a Pakistani version would be unacceptable.
It would just open a Pandora's box full of corruption and mafiosi.
As for the ISL, today's opening match was surprisingly interesting, Athletico Kolkata 3-0 against Mumbai.
Pakistan still has a long way to go.
Compared to the billions and billions that India spends cricket IPL and now football, how can we ever compete with our 'noisy neighbors' ...
The race for low cost launch vehicle is paid cash.
Too bad for such a beautiful project.
For the incident, the potential design defect manifests itself with too cold helium.
It is therefore perhaps not a design flaw, but implementation ...
unlike arianespace which is a private company, it seems that soyouz belongs to the Russian state ...
And if the rule is the same that here the state is its own insurer ..
They will perhaps pay satellites frigates who knows ..
This is all the more unfortunate that many media resume loop the only titles of articles - and that many readers retain only those securities.
Altogether this creates a false impression contrary to the contents of the article itself.
Totally agree with you, the title is not appropriate, it unfairly questions the project while it is only a launcher problem.
