Transcript for 28-year-old San Francisco Makes Out at Business Center
The 28-year-old, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the merdiven divorce of a local shopping centre this week.
But the victim's brother said he didn't think he might be one of those who might want to hurt her, saying: "Eventually, things were going well for him."
The San Francisco Family Medical Office said it was determined that the body, found at the Westfield Exchange business Center on Wednesday morning, belonged to the 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia.
The San Francisco Police Directorate said the cause of death was determined by the murder and that research was continuing.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told the ABC station KGO in San Francisco that he had previously worked as a kitchen department chief in Boston and started working as the San Francisco Sons & Daughters department chief.
The Sons & Daughters official said that death was "thrilled and very sorry."
"We are a small team who works like a tight family here and he will be very appreciated," the spokesman said.
We would like to point out that we are not alone in Frank's family and that our ducks are with them.
Louis Galicia said Frank was initially staying in hostels and said: "Finally, things have been good for him."
Louis Galicia told KGO he had "kept an apartment and was out with a girl."
Louis Galicia said he didn't think he could be one of those who might want to harm his little brother.
He was a gentle man who was a heart of my husband.
The way to build a bag with the family has always been to prepare a message for us, to eat us, "Louis Galicia said.
It was unbelievable that he had entered the backlash.
My brother was harmonised in every situation.
"All the other things in the world went to the breakfast, it was a gravitational moment that was diagnosed every day," he said.
Anyone with information was asked to call the SFPD Isbar Line for the 415-575-4444 phone.
Asistan doctors strike: Calls for slowing new jobs
Representatives of Asistan doctors have asked the unions to allow unions to slow down business as a result of the dispute over a new contract.
The British Midlands Union (BMA) Assistent Doctors Committee (JDC) has called for the general council to support the act of slowing more jobs from the beginning of September.
Ministers were unable to address concerns about the contract, the JDC said.
Asistan doctors and medical students voted in the contract deal with the BMA.
That was rejected by 58% of the voting members.
In a note posted on Twitter on Thursday night, JDC chairman Ellen McCourt said the government remained "incredibly silent" about the problems caused by the contract's rejection.
"In light of that, the JDC Board of Directors voted to reject the proposed new contract and called for re-official talks on the concerns," he said.
In response to the government's silence, the JDC administration issued an official request to allow the BMA Council to allow a programme to boost business recovery from the beginning of September.
The dispute prompted Asistan doctors to join six strikes this year, including the first-round cut in NHS history.
Dr. Johann Malawana, leader of Asistan doctor in BMA, resigned after the BMA voted for the contract requirements proposed by the BMA.
During meetings prior to the voting of 54,000 Asistan doctors and medical students, BMA members had said it was a good deal to be accepted.
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be implemented to apply for doctors in the UK.
Russia and Turkey: A 'disgraceful alliance'?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to announce the official termination of the eight-month war on handshakes and the words and economic sanctions.
However, when Vladimir Putin greets his Turkish counterpart at St. Petersburg Palace's distinguished hall, I had the obvious impression that the one who wanted this compromise was Ankara.
He was handcuffed, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile was quite weaker and couldn't be told that any temperature was promoted even against his own limited standards.
In contrast, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly mentioned his "good friend" Mr Putin; five times according to a report.
I'm surprised by the number of people.
He also promised that relations with Russia will not return to the pre-crisis level, but would reach much higher levels.
The next day, in a newspaper there, Mr Erdogan was acting as if he had never had anything bad.
I think his excitement was the opposite of that.
Mr Putin's cold intimacy, however, showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the first thing he mentioned in the opening was the reason for the crisis: Turkey has dropped the Russian war plane on the Syrian border.
At the time, Russia's response was full of hydrogen.
Mr Putin made a tough exit, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow from scrapping Moscow.
The distinction was much bigger, it was thought the side was friendly.
The real reconstruction of the trust will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of the Russian people has changed.
State-controlled media have struggled for months and aggressively targeted Ankara.
Suddenly, he was the offender of everything.
The most serious is that senior officials have charged that Mr Erdogan's family received a profit from the non-illegal oil trade in areas controlled by the so-called Islamic State in Syria.
He definitively rejected it.
But the official message from St. Petersburg was that it was time to move on.
Ultimately, the realisation of this meeting was that Mr Putin had received the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could see it as a sort of triumph.
The benefits of a ceasefire call for Ankara are very clear.
First, he needs friendships after Erdogan's failed coup, which was held last month and almost toppled.
The repeat terrorist attacks in Turkey have also affected him.
In addition, economic reasons are also effective.
Sanctions imposed by Russia have hit hard; especially the banning of special flights carrying a few million Russian tourists to coastal areas of Turkey each year.
The number has fallen almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and leasing companies were absolutely relieved that the flights will continue.
They depend on the concentration of the season in the Mediterranean.
And this week, state television predicted that there will be a reduction in fruit and vegetable prices, with the reallowing of Turkish agricultural products to importers.
"Turists are there, domatess are there," he said, quoting a report in Vedemi newspaper.
However, the visit included a separate political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry to the West because it does not find the response to the coup attempt.
Mr Putin, who has long expressed anger over the long pace of talks on joining the United States, has been added, and Mr Putin, who wants to take advantage of Turkey's ties with the West and to take advantage of the standoff.
The Russian leader certainly appears to have sympathized from Ankara because of his call for support of elected officials following the coup attempt.
To remember, it was an unavoidable position for Moscow, which has made a distinct fear on regime change.
This summit, held in this distinguished garden in the sea, represents an "incompatible alliances" in which Russia and Turkey analyzed me: The two countries that the West rejected and mistreated.
Yet despite the images of this consensus on display, they are quite different from each other.
One of the most important is about Syria: While Moscow has seen itself as a mediator, Russia and Turkey support different sides.
The first talks, which lasted almost three hours, also support it, telling the two presidents that the press conference has not been touched on this issue.
Turkey's president has openly refrained from answering a question about these differences, while Mr Putin chose to highlight them.
There is no clear consensus on how to determine the common ground in Syria.
However, after months of recent antagonism - and a NATO member, it is absolutely good for the two leaders to start talking about the absolute disaster, which has emerged that Turkey has shot up the Russian war plane.
Scottish Royal Bank is missing for customers outside Scotland
The RBS brand will undergo the back office position, according to the head of the bank's executive board.
The Scottish Royal Bank will be destroyed for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan said the BBC Scotland's RBS brand was related to the bank's global ambitions.
It was in the case of reversing and giving up, since it was almost battery eight years ago.
During that time, brand strategy experts used 'RBS' to protect other consumer financial brands.
It was supported by millions of sterlys for a lot of sponsorship until the Wimbledon Andy Murray championships from the Six Ulus ragbi championship.
Now, however, it was decided that more national brands would be accurate.
The Scottish Royal Bank will be used by Scottish customers but there will be no new beginnings.
All references to RBS in England and Wales will be replaced as NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Smaller brands, which will take a much more dominant task for individual banking, are available; Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan interviewed in a round for customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "After that we will now be a bank of more brands, we will no longer be the brand of RBS brand investor brands and our staff are employed."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I suppose we now have local goals, not global.
Each of these brands will come forward a little differently in the community, and our staff will work under the name of these brands.
RBS has said it will not continue sponsoring the Six Ulus championships and is raising the profile of different brands on sports sponsorship.
"Now we have time to cross the marquee bank understanding because (we're not asking ourselves), how can we make it a better bank for customers?" The Steering Board said.
Three years ago we would have a wonderful bank for our customers, and if we made it clear that we would offer these brands, I was able to find it ridiculous.
However, I think you will see too much changes with our conduct and not our own, but with our focus on the needs of customers.
We can reactivate these brands, so I think it's the right time.
Frankie Dettori wins 3000th time with victory in Newmarket with Predilection
Dettori battles champagne after reaching 3000th victory with double success in Newmarket
Jokey Frankie Dettori won the 3000th victory in England at Newmarket on Friday.
In his local tracks, he reached this milestone by winning the second victory of the night with the Predilection, which John Gosden trained.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jokey to reach this milestone in the Disney track.
He is followed by traces of Senator Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Jokey, who previously had three champions to victory in Ghayyar, said: "This is a special situation."
I was very emotional because my family is here
It's really very happy for me to be in the Newmarket where I started this job 30 years ago.
It's not an important meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's just an ordinary Friday night with just 20,000 people.
I felt delighted and relieved.
Dettori recognizes treatments by introducing Predilection after victory
It was two jockey that reached this milestone in the disabled track: Champion jockey Richard Johnson and 20-time champion, retired jokey Senator Anthony McCoy, who scored over 4300 in his career full of record.
Lester Piggott, who won the Derby race nine times, has 4493 triumphs in his career
Frankie is one of the best jokes of our age and it is not surprising to reach a milestone that only a few people have reached before him.
The style of style and a strong person is a tactical mentality, which is the factor that provides the heavy print from others.
He is exceptionally representing the horse's race, his excitement and charisma on this, and is synonymous to the sport.
A few weeks ago, I said in Epsom that he could have reached Frankie's 6000th victory, not just a jockey in the weekends and in big races.
To be serious, Frankie spent much of the 30 years running in the United Kingdom, and it's very nice to see it.
He has a pretty exciting character and it's a very good feature for these British races, but it's an extraordinary jokey beyond that.
Frankie Dettori celebrates with the playoff movement, which has become a symbol of this milestone.
With the races finishing in the playoff, Frankie Dettori has become a symbol of British impeachment runners for two decades, with many moves to the playoffs.
It was a journey full of insistence.
In 1996, he won a number of major races, including the famous' Grand youngster 'victory in Ascot, and was survived in a plane crash and was banned for failing to comply with a drug ban.
During the return of this six-month redundancy three years ago, he showed that he had a strong character in the way he needed to be unfair and to return to the best.
And it can continue for a while; Dettori had previously said he wanted to continue running until at least 50.
Russia's Putin impeaches Sergei Ivanov, private chancellor
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly sacked Sergei Ivanov, his private owner.
Mr Ivanov was part of his close circle that Mr Putin had trusted over the years.
The 63-year-old has now been deployed as a special representative for environmental and transport problems.
A Kremlin statement said Mr Putin had "decided to end Ivanov's mandate for Russian administration," but no reason was given.
For that position, Anton Vaino, who has been acting for Mr Ivanov since 2012, has been deployed.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, he graduated from the prominent Moscow State Institute's International Relations (MGIMO) section and served in the Tokyo embassy.
He was later interested in the leadership protocol and the administration of government staff; the statements on the Kremlin website are in this shape (Russian).
After the deployment, he told Mr Putin: "Thank you for what you trust me."
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activities as the head of the state in terms of supervising laws and the implementation of instructions.
Mr Putin said on Friday he had asked the Russian television station to withdraw from Mr Ivanov and proposed Mr Vaino to replace it.
Smiles convincing?
It's a move that shocked Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long worked as one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies, and Soviet security forces such as him have served the KGB.
Privately, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
During a meeting with President Putin and released on state television, both testified that the private item was sacked voluntarily.
However, despite the smiles given to the cameras, few have persuaded it, especially when parliamentary elections are approaching.
Is this a concentration from this kind of ruling battle?
Nobody knows it yet.
However, the official explanation that a person who could be president would seek to navigate multiple Russia's environmental policy has been met with large scepticism.
According to an excerpt for the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said in a statement to Mr Putin: "In a speech in early 2012, it is true that you can trust me for four years for the task.
I served in IT, apparently four years, eight months as a privately championed privacy.
Mr Ivanov assumed that post in December 2011.
He had previously served as deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of KGB state security forces such as Mr Putin.
At the end of the 1990s, Mr Putin was the head of the Federal Security Forces (FSB), which replaced the KGB, while Mr Ivanov dismissed him as acting.
When Mr Putin took power, he was showing Ivanov as one of the five most trusted people.
As Mr Putin was unconstitutional to hold the presidency in the third term, Mr Ivanov was thought to be president after Mr Putin's second term.
That task, however, was transferred to Putin's other close ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Putin became prime minister before returning to represidency three and a half years later.
Star of Criminal Minds series Thomas Gibson chased after being hit by producer
Gibson was involved in a physical fighter in his setup in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produced the series, announced that he was fired in a joint statement.
Gibson, who revived private agent Aaron Hotchner, posted an apology on Tuesday before the festive announcement was made.
There were differences between creative issues and a dispute.
"I regret the fact that such an incident happened," he said in a statement.
A statement by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios said detailed information on how Gibson played the programme, which follows a group of FBI agents, will be given in the future.
The 54-year-old actor, who previously appeared in the comedy of Dharma & Greg, has been involved in the programme since the first season in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and spent the past decade by giving him Kalbimi and soul," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I would like to stay until the end, but that is no longer possible.
I just want to thank the writers, the filmmakers, actors, our wonderful team and, most importantly, the best supporters who can have a program.
The programme is expected to return to the screens on September 28th for a ten-second season.
Mystery of fishermen in the Banff garden
A person living in the Banff area has applied for help for the definition of fishermen found in the garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks these 75 fish could be the sandwiches that move with the sea horse.
Bain, who lives around 500 miles from the sea, posted the footage in Periscope in the hope that someone would shed light on the discovery of two inches of fishermen.
Queensferry Gate: Bridge now linked to Fife
Project, worth $1.35 billion, must be completed by May 2017
Engineers have combined the north and videos of the Queensferry procession; that means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is one of four close lights between the "tablespoons," which is about to be completed around each of the bridge's three touchdowns.
The bridge's cricket from Fife is 600m long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
The 10,000 tonnes of steel and 220,000 tonnes are composed of 46 support nightmares.
The project, worth $1.35 billion, must be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown was one of the first to visit the facilities today, walking from the dark bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry Gate.
We are all masterminded by this project, which uses more than 300,000 bets for the construction of this part of the bridge, and the engineer on a truly destiny scale.
Despite the exceptional scale and weight of the bridge that closed the gap between Viyaduk and the bridge tablespoon, it is a delicate study that requires very sensitive tolerances for this adjustment.
Overall, almost 79% of the total bridge tablets are settled, the concrete shed of the tablespoon will be held in Rosyth today, meaning the entire tablespoon will be ready to lift on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Gate and Bridge developers project, said: "All the bridge projects, the first closure is always an important milestone.
In this extraordinary project, this closure represents the predecessors in construction engineers.
We had to close the vacuum on the northern or dark side of the north -- after the last road tabloid was also installed and linked to the widening North Tower level.
This was carried out from around 700 miles south of the viewer in the north.
It was a very, very delicate function at the same time.
The big reason was that the viewer was supposed to be 222m long, almost 6000 tonnes of weights and the need to pull in about 3%.
The reason for the delicate is that the tolerant values of the team to comply are very low; only a few millimetres on both sides.
Fortunately, everything went on track.
Moelfre Gulf rescue team: Three men 'lucky' to be alive
The three men were "lucky to have survived" after they fell from a fishing boat in Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI cannabis filmmaker posted an alarm on Friday at 13: 20 p.m. after the terrace saw the case in the Moelfre Gulf.
The three men were struggling to swim towards a safe space while boats continued their own way.
"We saw that the Texas gave them the right apartments, and we were concerned," said the Moelfre cannabis filmmaker.
"Fortunately, we were moving away with strong winds until we left them on the right path," he added.
Two of the Adams were saved by a local fisherman boat, while the 60-year-old third man walked into a champagne without feeding.
They were all removed from the cannabis fleet that led to the coast, and saved philanthropy station
Mr. Jones said: "The three men in the water were lucky because they were alive and have never been hurt.
There was an emergency stopping nightmare in the boat engine, but there should be a copy of the person who used the boat when it comes to the boat.
Today, these three men were watching somebody.
A valuable hunt for health and happiness, Pokémon Go
It's really amazing to see how the world has changed.
The fact that young people and children would no longer go out to play the game, they prefer to spend their empty time by looking at screens, and over the past decade, most people were sorry.
Pokemon Go encourages people to move out of the kanepeden.
When looking at the screens, the time spent was spread to video games, especially when it was limited to television, and finally to smartphones.
For this reason, it's really great to see that the technology and open air are not elements that exclude each other.
Of course, I'm talking about Pokémon Go, a practice that dates back to the characters in the 90s, especially for the video game (then on the cartoon, playoff cards and other side products).
Like many of the popular culture, this new play has taught troubles when it was presented in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Later, the presentation was adjourned in other countries due to intense interest in servers to overload.
Within days, Pokémon Go Tinder has more and almost the same number of users with almost Twitter.
How does he work?
In short, the players are taking their smart phones, looking for Pokémon, which is tracked with GPS and can pull out the 'photograph of their bullets' (phone screen) or 'catch them'.
For a generation of people who play the game in their younger age, he joined the kanepeden and joined this madness.
In the United States, the game has made a dramatic increase in the number of steps the "average" person has taken every day.
Cardiogram, a practice that has been developed for Apple Watch and watched 35,000 users, said the number of people who had been tracked within two days after it was presented to the Washington Post recently increased from 45 per cent to 53 per cent each day.
The company doesn't know who is playing Pokémon Go; he can only see crude data at the egos level.
The majority of public health campaigners, who encourage people to "separate 30 minutes of time" and "be active every day," were ignored because most public health messages were relaxed by those who seem to be boring and persistent.
However, it is little to highlight the importance of your eggs.
People who regularly make eggs have little prospect of cancer or depression.
They provide assistance on issues such as egos, weight control, high tandem and diabetes, and have a long list of advantages that cannot be listed here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is that it takes people out to do something they enjoy.
In this way, three basic elements of health are welcome: Movement, clean air and solar lighting.
Some people can even get new friends during the av.
As usual, there are plenty of survivors who are looking for something that will be complaining.
And, of course, when someone marches, he could switch to the door.
What notice?
A big innovation was presented.
The smart phone applications, like Fitbit, follow our move, but did not offer us a reason to make eggs like this game.
It will have an impact, and its use will be reduced over time.
However, due to Pokémon's success, practices and virtual authenticity will be raised in a lot of plays that help people who come up with accomplishments in the real world are more active, formidable and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blog from www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles captures gold medal in women's gymnastics general assessment
Forget the pressure.
Forget the excitement.
Simone Biles has donations to all of them.
Dynamic on the jump.
It's comfortable in the balance.
It's amazing with the place.
It's particularly downward.
And he's now an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast also tweeted the overall assessment on Thursday, clearly showing the difference between himself and the rest of the world in the Olympics.
In all, there were 62.198 points, silver medals and many of Aly Raisman, a friend of the "Son five" team, and Russian bronze medal winner Alija Gina.
Simone Biles, of the United States, performed on Thursday in a balance in the women's figure gymnastics general evaluation final at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil.
Biles was the fourth and generally fifth American woman to receive a successive general assessment award and announced his own generosity and perhaps the best of all time.
When the last total was released, the tears were drowned to their tears and the long travel to reach this mainstream is over.
This success has brought the sport to the same level with athletes such as Michael Phelps, who can be seen once in every generation to bring the sport to new levels:
Biles spent 15 world championships and 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton as one of the most successful mixture of the sport, with the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton calling him "the best gymnast I've ever seen."
A final test in Brazil was waiting for him; this competition was one of the breaks of himself and big expectations, rather than among other people in the field with Biles.
The return of a handful of gold medals from a handful of gold medals at the family home in Tekfield, Spring, was disappointing.
The United States's Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman won gold and silver medals at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in Brazil, after receiving gold and silver medals, respectively.
Biles won on Tuesday, when he served as a sign of the farewell party of national team co-ordinator Martha Karolyi, who retired the primary.
Although the Biles insist they have never looked forward in this long run at the summit, this is not exactly true.
Part of the taxpayer's passage, which has become a symbol of rubble, has contributed to Latin music, which will fully adapt to the street just outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl, who was discovered by Boorman's mother during a trip to a gymnastics courtroom by his great mother and her great father, became an anchor of Aimee Boorman, became a force.
Since the summer of 2013, he has not lost one of the overall assessments; this Biles is a series of winning series that needs to continue as long as it wants.
Although Matina took the lead in two rotations, it was his passing.
The balance equipment and location eggs, which Biles played the world title, have not yet been done.
The balance was put forward with 15.433 points, and it was crowded with 15,933 points in the room.
Raisman was shaken to him when he was expecting his final score, and the vision of Biles once wrote to a smear book was real, with the lightning red, white and blue eye-saving.
Raisman's performance was like a rematch of the performance four years ago, when he shared four runs but later lost the bronze medal to Gina.
This time, it was the 22-year-old team captain, which Americans called "Nine."
After time, he sent a kiss to the crowd after you switched through an apparent backlash with a suspicious backyard.
For the 19-year-old Biles, the much-shared tweet he scored earlier this week is now a completely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial killer case, listening to music in car
In Phoenix's first serial killer case for a decade, two women and a 12-year-old girl spoke in the car, according to police reports released on Thursday, and listened to music listeners.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and Ellis' daughter Maleah were shot in a parked car on June 12 on a garage road, officials said.
The report said the gunman was standing on the passenger side of the car and fired eight hands with the pistol and moved away with another vehicle.
Police say these three murders did not appear to be robbery, because the offensive adult had not received their hand belts or $2,900.
Deputy Commissioner for Phoenix police, Deputy Commissioner Jonathan Howard, said the armed attack was directed to examine whether it was linked to the previous four attacks.
In all, seven people were killed and two injured in nine attacks in neighbourhoods populated by Spanish organizations in a four-month period.
Earlier this month, Howard told CBS subsidiary KPHO that "this was in the settlements in front of a house."
In a model in the late 1990s, brown Nissan is thought to have used a few vehicles, including black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln, in a model in the late 1990s.
The researchers declined to reveal evidence that the attacks were related to the same killer and that it was carried out by the same killer.
Ellis (33) was taken to hospital due to their injuries and later died.
Liner (31) and Ellis' daughter Maleah died at the scene.
One person who was involved in the incident said it was not a regular situation for the police to hear music by sitting in the car that had parked them.
Authorities also released a police report on the incident to fire an empty truck, half an hour before three murders.
The researchers found bullets chasing, found a bullets from one seat and detected bullets in the motor divide.
The mother of a 6-year-old microsefali patient: "It's getting better."
Like most six-year-old children, Edmund Picciuto also loves the song, his toys, and of course he loves his mother.
Unlike their peers, however, the microsphere distraction exists in Edmund; this is a genetic disorder that his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, was not aware of his presence during pregnancy.
When I first arrived home, my first thought was that I couldn't do it.
I can't do that.
I didn't want it.
These are, of course, not true, they want it, of course, "he said.
He and his wife, Vincent, have been told that Edmund could never recognise them and even survive.
Some doctors went as far as to offer to be invested in the care home.
"My first reaction was to say that people didn't think it was doing it anymore," Picciuto said.
Edmund can walk away with a walking help.
Edmund couldn't sit down or email until he was three years old, and he still can't speak.
However, he is slowly reaching some turning points.
He can walk through help and get cycling.
He also loves playing and singing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the language that Edmund admits that "please give me singing."
Picciuto told CBS News: "We're taught the Ona sign language."
But it's not a sign language, as we know, Edmund says he is adjusting his own signs.
Mikrosefali may emerge due to a series of different situations; a genetic situation like Edmund may exist, and may be driven by infections created by viruses such as sisters and Zika during pregnancy.
The indications and the illness may have a lot of differences.
It is more early to say how the life of people infected with Zika infection would be affected by this situation.
Picciuto recalls the emotional load that creates the certainty of his future.
I was constantly asked what would happen.
What's going to happen?
And he still doesn't know that.
In fact, I didn't ask a question about the illness for a long time when nobody expected me to really say me.
Picciuto, however, is able to offer promising advice for the mothers of babies, an apology due to Zika.
It's getting better.
You know it's going to be better for you.
If you love your child, your child will love you too.
Louisiana, heavy rain and water raids in Mississippi push rescue crews
Intense rain and widespread water raids in Louisiana led to an exceptional state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected by Saturday.
The National Air State Service said it was carrying stones at numerous rivers in northeast Louisiana and south of Mississippi and that it posed a danger of widespread water raid following heavy rain.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said state officials have repeatedly been in contact with local authorities and support for the affected neighborhoods.
Mike Steele, spokeswoman for the Valley Yurt Domestic Security and Emergency Production Office, said demands were made for high water vehicles, boats and similarities.
Steele testified that tonnes of symptoms were requested only for Tangipahoa Mahalley.
A water raid will be implemented in most of southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service said there could be up to 3 to 5 inches of rainfall in a reconnaissance.
In South Alabama, a water raid was found on Saturday as rain continues in the Mobile area.
The Amite river near the Comite River and Denham Springs near Baton Rouge, both in Louisiana, is expected to reach record levels throughout the week.
Both rivers could leave many homes under water in suburban areas near Baton Rouge, Forecaster Alek Krautmann said.
He said the flow of water straight in the Ascension Mahallie, which will also slow the flow of rivers to Lake Maurepas, will be a threat.
The Tickfaw River, located just south of the Mississippi provincial border in Liverpool, Louisiana, had already reached the bottom line, measured at 9am.
Rescuers continue to save people from water raids on Amite and Wilkinson accidents, southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and uvey son were among those who were saved near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford (62) said the water from the Beaver Derby, 400 feet from the normally home, rose quickly in the night.
Sitting nearby, another uvey son testified that he had warned him.
"We were going to wake up and the water continued to come," Hansford said.
It was like Belime.
His wife said that was the highest level he saw in the derby for 48 years when he lived there.
Hansford said he and family individuals were disabled and that he was the only person who can swim.
Hansford said three of the emergency workers saved a large, military-style truck and took him to the firefighter station in Gloster, where they were refuge on Friday.
Krautmann said water raids are "rapidly spreading" as heavy rain continues, and that authorities are considering taking the evacuation order.
Krautmann said an observer near Livingston had reported 13.75 inches of rain, up from midnight on Friday morning.
The ground has been at a high level since Wednesday, Krautmann said.
The streets, which were under intense rain and water straight, were saved by residents of Tangipahoa Mahalley and the need for schools in five school districts to resort, authorities said.
CBS affiliate WWL reported that a female municipal council member in Tangipahoa was told that 200 houses remained under the water raid.
The residents were evacuated and taken to two churches, but the water is now dominant.
Neighborhood Robby Miller said authorities saved 72 people and seven domestic animals that were stranded due to rising floodwaters.
Bunkers have been opened for people evacuated in the town of Amite and in the Hammond city.
"When the customer starts to pull back, they will be allowed to return home," he said.
In the Hammond city of Tangipahoa Mahalla, almost two dozen streets were closed due to rising water, and similarities were presented to be taken by residents trying to keep the water away from homes and businesses.
"The most recent big water raid was in March," said city executive chief Lacy Landrum.
That's going to be a similar phenomenon.
In Mississippi, Harrison crash Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said the rain in the Gulf Coast remained stable.
He was reported to have had water straight in a few homes on Tuesday but said there was no feedback so far for Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in this area for 40 years.
"I saw that there was water in places where I've never seen water before," Townson said, adding: "There's still rainfall."
Mahaj Brown, 6, a "crazy hole with whistleblowers" found alive in Philadelphia attack
Police said the boy, aged 6, was shot in Philadelphia, this is the second time the city was hit by a child at the age of 6 this week.
Mahaj Brown, for CBS Philadelphia, diagnosed his grandmother and grandfather.
His grandmother and grandfather told Brown's body that there were multiple firearms injuries in areas including the casual area, bag, cool and dark, but were in hospital.
His grandmother, DeLores Melendez, said at the station that "he has suffered too much suffering, a crazy hole with small bushfire followers."
I can't believe it.
The boy was listed among those who kept the critical condition in hospital and went through some surgery.
The family told the station that he is expected to improve.
He was due to start the first grade at local elementary school.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown area.
Two men were shot at the age of 29 and one at the age of 32.
CBS Philadelphia said the condition of one of the 29-year-old men was critical, while the other two victims were in stable condition.
The boy was found in the front seat of a car along with one of the 29-year-old men who were critical of the situation, Istation reported.
Two other victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether one of the injured was aggressive.
CBS Philadelphia may have fired multiple armed attackers, Dedectives said.
The scene was filled with bullets chasing the weapon-style attack on the arms of different assault weapons.
Apparently, it was definitely a long-term conflict.
There were plenty of chases on the street and on both sides of my lift.
That shows that there are multiple armed attackers and both are active, "Philadelphia Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also damaged.
No arrests were made, and police were reported to have examined the security cameras.
A girl, again 6 years old, was shot from his arm with a knife while playing in front of his home in the West Oak neighborhood on Tuesday.
He is in the recovery process and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
I taught this name to the Women's Olympic Gymnastics team this year, and there are multiple reasons for it.
First, I joined the entire Summer Olympics since 1984, and the United States has never been so dominant before.
Pictured: This team has three gymnastics who inspire many girls with different ethnicity: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez.
The structure of this team, brought together by Jewish Aly Raisman and Catholic Madison Kocian, makes everyone proud.
The team seemed similar to America at the end.
It also strengthens the presence of consciousness and the presence of Latin-rooted women in the high levels of the sport.
In the past four years, the first female gymnast was always an American of African origin.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were ranked 1st and 2nd.
That's a powerful thing.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America supported him.
Now the entire world has three World Champions, Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez's exceptional performances of gymnastics routines, which are unexpected.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth consecutive American to win a gold medal in the overall assessment of women.
And his teammate Aly Raisman won the silver.
We recognise the best times of this sport, but it does not seem to be the case in gymnastics courses throughout the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie followed suit with Aly and Madison to take part in Olympic teams.
The reason for the "last Birth" is that there will be only four gymnasts in the next Olympic gymnastics team and this is the last year that Marta Karolyi will be a coach.
In reality, however, gymnastics is a highly expensive sport and gymnastics are primarily working at private gymnastics clubs, including education, travel, forma, competition, hotel fees (coaches, gymnasts and families).
Most of these gymnastics clubs can support these businesses, with wealthy suburban neighbourhoods.
These clubs are the only place where gymnastics can be trained and require a costly and long-term commitment for the families of gymnastics.
Simone Biles' coach Aimee Boorman and Laurie Hernandez's coordinator Maggie Haney have been educating these athletes since they started their gymnastics.
We cannot offer more affordable pricing and accessible gymnastics training to communities for countless young girls affected by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my own gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, as Harlem-based, we offered more than 15,000 genes (primarily in sensitivity and Hispanic) free and low-cost gymnastics training, and both national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (pictured) to offer quality gymnastics training for young people who deserve the opportunity to learn this wonderful Olympic sport and take advantage of it.
Gymnastics is the force of the body, improving flexibility and co-ordination, and mentally hard work, disciplinary and determination features.
This combination offers long-term benefits for health, school, and in terms of success.
It will be an inspiration for this team, which will lead to thousands of young girls' gymnastics, and this is wonderful.
Participation in sports activities is very important, especially for girls.
We go through really exciting times.
Simone thanked Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison as an Olympic team, because they motivate the "Force of girls" and motivate many young girls who have different background plans to become a healthy, powerful and successful young woman.
After rejection of Jeremy Hunt's bid, Asistan doctors decided to continue strike
They hoped the dispute would come to an end after reaching agreement on the contract developed with British bears Union workers, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 Asistan doctors who participated in the vote voted against it.
In July, Mr. Hunt announced plans to impose sanctions on the contract, saying the NHS "does not have any property" and that further delays would harm staff and patients.
The First Assistant physician group passed a new contract that included changes in working practices in the late hours and week to improve my care outside normal hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, chairman of the BMA's Assistent doctors committee, said yesterday: "Asistan doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract; in particular they think it would trigger the current workforce crisis and an equal attitude to all doctors."
The first doctor group's new contract requires progress in this process, which is only eight weeks away, and is about to take time.
The efforts by the BMA to address the dispute have been met with the government's reluctance to interact and, in some cases, a healthy silence of silence.
This is a development, despite Jeremy Hunt's promise that last month's door will always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to take immediate action, remove my register and listen to Asistan doctors' concerns. '
Asistan doctors have made it clear that they are prepared to increase their actions to slow down business if they do not.
In the final strike, which took place at the end of April, almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appearances were delayed, nurses and consultants were forced to look after doctors at the strike line.
They hoped the dispute would come to an end after reaching an agreement on the contract developed with British bears Union workers.
The BMA is seeking to improve the weekend fees for the £54,000 Asistan doctor.
Daniel Mortimer, executive board executive of NHS recruiters, urged Asistan doctors not to implement any strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "The strike will not solve anything, but it would put pressure on the team and services that are already intense, creating anxiety, uncomfortable and difficulty for patients, Bakers and their families."
Over the past two months, we have resumed our discussions with the Assistent Doctors Committee, and with the Department of Health and other officials, we are individually incorporating concerns about the Photography of Engineering and Philippines.
Employers were hopeful that the introduction of positive communication in relation to the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May, such as key issues -- distribution, education flexibility, curriculum and the wage gap in medicine, was taken seriously by employers, British Medical Education and the Health Ministry.
Medication that can eliminate the risk of heart attack at £2 a day
Thousands of heart crisis patients will be able to benefit from 2 £cost medicines a day after authorities suggested that more people would be given more people.
The ticklor, which prevents the burglary, diminishes the risk of a repeat crisis for those with heart disturbances.
It has been given for 12 months that followed the heart crisis and reduced the risk of paralysis or another crisis.
NHS monitors suggested it would be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of Nice, cardiovascular problems.
But now NHS monitors have recommended that it be given to people for four years to further reduce the risk of Nice, cardiovascular problems.
Every year, around 140,000 people in the UK are undergoing a heart attack, with a quarter of them undergoing another crisis or paralysis.
The cause of heart attacks and fences is that it creates plate in the arter walls by accelerating oil commodities.
If the plate is fractured, it could cause a heart attack by blocking the journeys to the blood pipe.
And if the photograph goes out, it is paralysed if they move in the blood flow and block the flow of blood.
The risk of another crisis is higher than those who have spent a crisis earlier.
Ticagrelor, created by the Brilique commercial name by the United Kingdom firm AstraZeneca, will reduce that risk by reducing the possibility of physics.
The Nice guide, released today, recommends allowing people to be given 90 MG ticurelor for 12 months, and then 60 MG practice, along with aspirin twice a day for three years.
Professor Carole Longson, an executive at the Nice health technology assessment centre, said: "Although effective secondary prevention treatments exist, a quarter of those who spend a heart attack are undergoing another heart attack or paralysis and are usually destructive."
The fear of reconnaissance is able to have a pretty negative impact on the person's quality of life.
The evidence shows that the use of the ticagrelorun aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of heart attack and paralysis in people who have previously suffered a heart attack.
With Ticagrelorun temporarily proposed, we are pleased to have increased treatment options offered to thousands of people waiting to take advantage of it.
The information that exceeds three years of exposure to Ticagrelorun and security -- particularly the risk of cannabis -- is limited, and the manual draft does not recommend treatment after this period.
PC culture introduces voting fraud in Muslim areas
Former Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman suspended from corruption after government report last year
As the destructive government report presented today, political accuracy culture has caused widespread voter fraud in Muslim communities.
Former Cabinet Minister Senator Eric Pickles slammed the police, election monitors and municipal gardens because of the evidence of electoral abuse due to "extreme sensitivity on ethnicity and religion."
The former community secretary and today's anti-corruption correspondence should allow voters to withdraw lanes out of their cabinet to protect voters on religious grounds, as well as to protect voters who feared.
Voters have proposed that voters hold their identities to prove their identities when they vote.
In the current case, it is enough for voters to say the name and address.
The report even recommends that the fingerprint will be permanently devastated during the voting process to prevent people from voting twice.
Trump Eric said that those who had a tip should be protected in a better way.
He called for better access to the Base on board documents and non-official committees or the decisions of working groups.
"This is not only to protect against fraud in the elections, but also to protect the local government as a culture of corruption and financial fraud that is dealing with it," he said.
The report was drafted by Downing Street's orders following the Tower Hamlets' voting scandal in East London.
Last year, a special electoral court decided to take over the post of Lutfur Rahman, the mayor of the mayor after repeated corruption and non-law practices.
The court found that Rahman had "implicated" the religious feelings of the Muslim community, and criticized him on charges of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman's "campaign conducted his campaign based on the basis that faithful Muslims vote for him is a religious duty."
Up to 300 playoffs were susceptible, or that the use of fake identity was the result of voting, as was someone else.
Senator Eric said there was evidence that a fraud was made throughout the country.
He also warned about corruption in voting with postal - where he was allegedly pressuring the Muslim community to vote for the island, where older individuals chose their own choice.
Senator Eric made some suggestions for regulating voting system, including having ID cards with them to prove who they are.
"There has been evidence that some ethnic minority communities have put pressure on valuable individuals, especially women and young people, to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly in the communities of Pakistan and Bangladesh.
"There have been concerns that state institutions have ignored such behaviour due to" political accuracy "based on extreme sensitivity against ethnicity and religion."
Senator Eric made 50 recommendations for regulating the system, which includes postal and voting evangelicals to prevent political activists from processing in a bid to "vote."
The report, which was examined by Theresa May, also calls for a tightening of registered controllers to prevent it from being used for immigration and social aid fraud.
It is about keeping an eye on the option of requiring voters to show identity before voting.
After voting to prevent any person to vote twice, the person's fingers will be permanently applied to their fingers.
Systematic checks on the nationality of the person will be carried out to determine the ability to vote.
A three-year limit to requests for voting with automatic postal is under way.
Political campaigners and activists are banning the ballots sent by the complete postseason and the verification of votes sent to the postal.
The police are given the authority to draw lanes to the countryside.
As part of the 1983 People's Temsili Law, it is changing the code to facilitate bullying people.
A photograph of photographs in the vote-making cabinet is to be photographed.
With the vote-making cabinet (except for Wales), only English talk is essential.
It is strengthening the training that staff have taken to complicate the rule that voters are not alone in the cabinet.
Senator Eric has fiercely criticised the Police Service, saying it was "interesting" that no charges were made in the Tower Hamlets case.
"The electoral court ruled that there was no place to blame for the repeat corruption and illegal activities for Lutfur Rahman and his representative," he said.
With a series of reasons, he was found guilty of affordable scepticism - the nature of criminal evidence.
He also criticized "publicity checks" that are not effective in the municipality's electoral registration departments.
"The Tower Hamlets' court decision last year was a warning.
Although our nation has a gura to establish the announcements of the parliaments, this anxiety and the spread of confidential election corruption and rejection by some institutions could undermine this good reputation.
Kate's cyclist-like and a deli for the other famous similarities of Rio Olympic players
This week, the passions of the Rio 2016 Olympics have turned to a disturbance for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, which provokes an impressive backlash to the Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympic athlete is not the only athlete to pay attention to celebrities while struggling for a gold medal this summer; at least the social media thinks so.
For this reason, with all the famous similarities we've seen in our Rio Games and screens, FEMAIL has set up the list of Olympic athletes who look beyond the Hollywood celebrities.
Hunting and wolf: US Men's archery Team member Brady Ellison (left) compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
In addition to the similarity in Kate's cycling tracks, a lot of people in the online environment showed that a oxygen might look like a Leonardo DiCaprio.
Brady Ellison, a member of the US Men's archery Team, walked on Twitter after revealing the photographs to the star of the Monetary hunting film.
And the occupants noticed this magnitude in social media, admitting that she had been told she was like Leo for him since his childhood.
Brady told the Huffington Post: 'I don't think there's a lot of similarities except for hair and hide.'
'It's a handful man, that's why I think it's an illustration. '
One of the most popular comparisons in London 2012 - and undoubtedly, will draw more attention to this year: British long-jump athlete Greg Rutherford's unbelievable similarity to popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Alija Matina was an individual-like American artist Gloria Estefan of Cuba, with great and meaningful views.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been listening to Glee's star Matthew Morrison for years.
Change: This user says Nathan's pregnancy film star is' athletic version 'of' athletic version '
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett have been comparing each other for a long time due to the similarities of guys and ducks.
The Russian team's silver medalist swim, with actress Annalynne McCord with the same bronze cills and yellow hair, said: 'Joseph Gorgon Levitt of the United States announces the athletic version of' Joseph Gorgon Levitt '.
Tough women: Football star Hope solo (left) and Dexter's star Jennifer Carpenter (right) have a similar face of shape and eyes
Not alone: A Twitter user was very happy that other people noticed this similarity
A theory left in the air: This user thinks there may be a reason behind this couple's similar appearance
A Twitter user posted the happiness on the site to "think that the rest of the internee is like a twin of Hope solo and Jennifer Carpenter."
In fact, the actress, who plays in the US football star and Dexter, has similar hundred shapes and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh-Jennings and actress Laura Linney with almost the same smile with each other, and Gabby Douglas and the star of the Youth Family film, Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympic spiker apologizes for interpretation of Chinese swim 'dead like pork'
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old AI Yanhan's fourth in the 4x200 m free race was very outrageous that CBC watched Wednesday's live Olympic publicity.
The Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise for the 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer's comments about 'a bad smell' and 'died like pork' in the race.
Spiker Byron MacDonald thought the microphone was closed when women began to explain their own ideas in the 4x200 m free flag race final.
MacDonald, who was included in the CBC's spiker team to 'colourful', said: 'The 14-year-old had a small Chinese heavyweight cricket, my baby.'
He was too excited, knocked out like a bad smell and died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer AI Yanhan (14) led the second leg of the flag race to 1: 57.79, allowing Canada's Taylor Rack to close the gap between China and China.
Canadian viewers move quickly after eyebrows due to ton and language used
Emmett Macfarlane said: "CBC spikeri said that the 14-year-old swim died like a 'pork'??????????
The backlash wasn't aware that he was still in the spread. '
China's AI Yanhan was definitively identified in the 4 x 200 m Free Bayrak race: '14-year-old tiny Chinese heavyweight, my baby.'
He was pretty harsh and fast on Twitter, with criticism about Byron MacDonald, and many were tipped to tip him
Twitter users couldn't keep themselves when Byron Macdonald heard how unbelievable
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Vay # ByronMacDonald.
You're representing CBC and Canada, and why we all look like racist. # midebulant.com.
Shortly after, Scott Russel, who runs CBC's publicity, apologized for MacDonald's comment: 'I apologise for comment on the swimming race.'
They were really unfortunate, they were not sorry because there was such an affair. '
CBC forced to apologise for at least 90 times for people who had tweets in response to comment
Another spiker, Scott Russel, forced to apologise for MacDonald's behalf
More than 90 Twitter users, who later relate to MacDonald's comments, copied this apology
The network issued an explanation for quickly apologising.
We have had these statements, and we would like to express our sincere bakery about what has been made to the pedestrians.
Yesterday evening, in the publication, we apologise to our viewers, in the Social media, as well as our followers.
What we would like to explain is that Byron's comments were linked to his performance, not the personality of his swim.
At the same time, they were pretty inappropriate and unfortunate, and Byron is very sorry what they say.
On Thursday, he also apologised for the MacDonald publication in the afternoon and attempted to defense his remarks, saying he did not want to make a personal attack.
He said: 'Yesterday in the CBC's Olympic broadcast, I want to apologise for a comment that women do after the flag race.'
I was referring to her performance, not the personality of the 'swim'. '
'i don't need more words, I don't want to contemplate and I'm very sorry. '
Primark customer breaks outrage on woman who experimented indifferent domestic weapon in the middle of the store
Customers didn't know what he would do when a female Primark picked up his clothes to try culot on the store floor in the middle of the midst.
Worse, the woman looked at how she looked at it, revealed and reversed.
He continued to breathe and later tried four pair of domestic weights at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The woman was the Primark store at Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried culot before putting a refuge
Two children's mother Jenny Davidson, who was at the store at the time, said the mysterious woman had 're-clothes' after she tried her internal weapon and went out of the store without anything.
He said: 'People couldn't believe in their eyes.'
He stopped at the middle of the store and took a cult from the vitro, surrounded the cult soup and pantoling.
'i didn't try to look for a special place to do it, it was obvious with all the contempt. '
'Bullying, everyone was looking at him and it was understood he didn't like the cult because he reversed. '
He tried three washers until he decided he didn't like anything, and later re-clothes and ran out of the store.
'i didn't care for those who watched him, and he didn't think of the person who would then buy the cults he had tried on. '
Mrs Davidson (33), who lives in the town of town, said: 'It's so disgusting to think that someone else was wearing, a cleaner cult and going home.'
That incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Woman Davidson added: 'I think staff got out of the sale after she got out of it and that's a good situation.'
'It would have been really bad to think that when I got a new cult and go home, it was really bad to think that the cult was wearing someone else's clothes and got it down. '
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is the news of the incident in your store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9.'
The related product was removed from the sale.
How to protect yourself against armed attacks with Krav Maga
The external world is pretty dangerous, but this video offered by Dailymail.com can help you get more safe.
We talked with Rhon Mizrachi, the chief master of the New York-based Krav Maga Federation to learn how to be picked up with armed robberies.
Whether you want you, or in the back, this video will show you how to convert the situation against the robbery of the robbery.
When it comes to the back of you, Mizrachi says, the first thing you need to do is to see the swim and see the gunman and evacuate the 'fire line'.
Later, you will hit the weapon with your front arm and your shoulder and hit your face in the divorce.
The attacker's pain will double when you wear the casualties later and take a gun at this stage, and the weapon will hit him in the back of the weapon, even if the weapon is transmitted.
When the gunman is closer to the forefront, it would be a similar coaching; you put your body out of the fire line and surrounded the weapon and the attacker could not be fired.
At the same time, you surrounded the weapon by weighing up your weight, breastfeeding the attacker from the breast area, and grabbing the weapon by confirming him.
Do you get hungry?
It's a videotape to see how Mizrachi does it.
But don't forget; if you're not a Krav Maga master, it would be to give you the safest road paranoia to avoid any robbery.
Traveller Ian Wright takes his language for travel guide to Europe's best places
The British traveller has suffered a serious test of the immune system and messaging reflection, with some of Europe's most passionate and disgusting displaced.
The server and tour writer, Suffolklu Ian Wright (51), took the language to prove the power of the immune system to prove the power of the immune system, a train toilet and an ankle phone in Russia.
He used a lumminometre to show him what kind of work he had and what kind of hire it was for us.
But the experiment, which will be transformed into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, gave some surprising results.
It is very disgusting in a train used by thousands of people, but the thought is very disgusting, but there is actually much more bad bacteria in the kitchen lavatory.
Mr. Wright met with doctors and medical experts on the rise and health of bacteria during his tour in Europe.
Fortunately, nothing has had an impact, except for the bad taste he left in the mouth.
Mr. Wright was recognized that he planted the world and tested the mixture of the mixture, with strange and wonderful things.
A broadly intermittent task, ranging from train stations to toilets to toilets, has certainly tested the immune system
In the film about it, he said: 'I haven't had a lot of attention to my health since I was childhood, and I took a lot of things from the land, solucana and mixture.'
During the film, he clearly proved the cause of his reputation.
The only thing he denies is a rumumi toilet in Russia.
The Scottish example showed a lumminometre count of 4000 units.
By comparison, in the new demolition, the number must be less than 60.
However, while the new demolition is less than 60, the lumminometre census is a Russian umumi toilet, when it refused to roll over 4000 units.
Mr. Wright and Finnish milk products producer Valio was produced by The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, showing the number of bacteria in different places such as banyo.
He said in the film: 'It's close to being one of the worst things I've ever cooked in a toilet.'
There can be nothing more than that!
I can't imagine anything that it is disgusting.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was drafted with Finnish milk products producer Valio.
The company provided Valio Gefilus, which includes C and D vitamins, which help Mr. Wright to strengthen lactic asit bacteria, as well as bacteria and immune system.
"We wanted to offer consumers something new," said Valio's Attorney of Attackers, Meyand waters and New electronics.
It's incredibly impressive, and it's also a thing to announce the benefits of probiotics.
In the end, we did a lot of crazy brain storms that the idea of "haydi Ian" emerged.
Interest on mix health claims to become a global phenomenon
Instead of talking about products, we wanted to put products into a much larger context; on a daily basis, good and bad bacteria in our environment are the importance of marine health, and this is linked to the immune system.
The interest in the mix's health is becoming a global phenomenon, and we will be able to provide more information about this documentary and consumers in relation to this situation.
At the same time, I think the film shows we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who runs the film, added: "I can't say, Ian, I lost my respect against him if I had some things I wanted to do like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film. '
It was easy to imagine some things as natural, but some were difficult.
I am happy that we have taken some of this pain but some of his actions. '
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of respondents linked the lactic asit bacteria with mix health, and 58 percent said they used products containing lactic asit bacteria as at least intermittent.
Maganda family reveals Saltash, Cornwall social residence before evacuation
A maganda family has been damaged by £50,000 in social housing, where they were evacuated on the grounds they were scared of their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and his wife, Shaun Tutcock, were thrown from the residence in Saltash, Cornwall, after several complaints against them.
When they were forcibly removed from the property, housing association officials saw the property being unrepaired, leaving eyebrows.
Large descendants were found in the Wall, flooded thrones, slumped in places, smashed and printed the walls.
Family are now removed from housing and are thought to have benefited from private accommodation options
Cornwall Housing housing manager Donna McEvoy said he feared the situation could not be saved.
He said: 'This is really a nightmare for the people here and I think people should not have to live this way.
There is a lot to take into account because this property will now be known as a little unpleasant part of Cornwall.
This family has a bad illustration and the names have a bad illustration.
The family had three daughters living in occasional property, and according to police, the family used a lot of frightening behaviour, including bloodshed on the street, scared nearby residents, drug use, drug sale and overshouting.
In June, an antistic behavior was made for Skeldon (47), named in the Kira contract.
Old garbage found in many rooms of the house thought to be demolished
Transcripts of property sold for drug sale in the past
Neighbors testified that they saw a brawl on the street and police were frequently arranged
Cornwall Housing quickly evacuated him and his wife from the property this week after an extended 11-week deadline for the volunteer to move on.
The evacuation was hailed by relieved neighbors who said their lives were returning to a nightmare.
One person said: 'No one didn't care.'
We've been on side with them for 20 years and the situation was always horrible.
If we say how many times we see police here, you can't believe it.
'That's this morning, we couldn't sleep. '
We wake up because the situation is very quiet; we're not familiar with it!
They finally went, now everything will be great.
Adam Fitzpatrick, a neighborhood sanction at Cornwall Housing, said the family did not co-operate with the local government.
The family had lived in this house for 20 years, and the property was often called police
Transcript and former toys jailed on side of social housing blanket
He added: 'The plaintiff is really embarrassing that he and his family do not take any responsibility on the release; the evacuation has always been the option for Cornwall Housing to last.
It was a very difficult case, as behavior is overwhelming and their actions were frightened at the level that neighbors should not be masterminded.
I deeply appreciate the efforts of my team, the Devon and Cornwall Police Forces and the community members who have been courageous to inform us.
I hope that this development will bring some relief to the neighborhoods and as a message that there will be no tolerance for antisan behavior.
Mr. Fitzpatrick said he had three sons living in the property in different times, but they were in their 20s.
A dirty bedroom left in one of the house's bedrooms after evacuation
Housing-stricken workers will need to cleanse trash youngsters around the house
In 2014, police stormed the property and found over 70 grams of cannabis, weights, private items and 1,700 £cash.
Skeldon was fined after accepting the offence on Class B drug possession with intent to sell.
He claimed he would use the money to take a grave milestone for his son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After being homeless, Tanya and his wife were now found to have remained in a private residence in Plymouth.
Most of the house was found wearing ducks in the walls of the room.
Police say they would work to evacuate Circuit who violate lease rules
Devon and Cornwall Police Force Angela Crow said the eviction was also a warning for other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
He said: 'It's a message for those who think they can act as if they want to face any charges and that their behaviour will be divorced.'
Devon and Cornwall Police Force, which will continue to work with their partners to protect the community, will never show tolerance for the crime and antisan behavior.
Tourists in Portugal were appalled as the low-flying military plane crashed immediately through the beach.
Tourists sunset in Portugal, Aveiro, face shock of their lives
Portuguese air force P-3C Orion plane stripped of highly devastated flight
Air force said it was a training Planet, but insisted there was no police risk.
This is the moment the tourists began to panic, as the flooded jet slipped through a fractured jet.
Dramatic footage shows the upcoming military plane, almost in contact with those on the sandwich in Aveiro, in the northern Portuguese city of Aveiro.
Holidaymakers have swept away from the bullying that they were understandably anxious about the noise created by jet bikes without seeing what happened to them.
The incident happened in Costa Nova near Aveiro after yesterday afternoon.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the few travelers who shared the videos of the dramatic close flight on social media, said: 'Twice he was really devastated and appeared to shoot at one point.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was scared and I was sworn in and I felt like I was going to fall into my plane.'
Tourists at the beach in Aveiro were appalled when the plane from the dark started flying in very low races
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilots of the P-3C Orion plane were in the training flight to identify fishing boats on the beach and that it was the only way to control them.
The nearby extinguished force said the jet was weaker because of smoke coming from the fire, but the air force insisted that no one was jeopardised.
This summer, extinguished power fires devastated certain parts of the Portuguese mainland and caused four deaths on the island of Madeira.
Portuguese air force said today that the conditions that make it difficult for the pilot should be flooded due to intense symptoms (extinguished and smoke) stemming from power fires.
The plane was in training flight and was asked to identify fishing boats from pilots as part of the app
Londra girl who joined IShID, killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British sisters who left London to join IShID last year, was reported to have died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said his family received information about his death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
ITV News reported on Thursday that he is believed to have died in a Russian airstrike in Raqqa, where the group was strong in the country.
Sultana was 17 years old and died while trying to escape from the country, which was damaged by war, and to return to the UK.
Akunjee said: "We hope that this situation is really risky to go to war zones as a milestone and vastness for others, and that people will discourage them to make this choice."
In February 2015, two sisters from Sultana and eastern London boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that he was married in Syria with an ISID fighter and was widowed within months.
Reid said he would not give up Garland as Supreme Court nominee if Clinton is elected
The senator's Leader, Harry Reid, said he believed Democrats would nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court if presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is elected president.
The Republicans in the senate have been blocking Garland's verification process since President Obama nominated him in March.
The Senator's majority leader, Mitch McConnell, said he would select the person who will replace former Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia.
In a video speech Thursday, Reid said he believed Clinton would choose Garland and that "there are reasons for that."
Later, a spokesman for Reid said he did not speak with Clinton directly about whether he would nominate Garland and had speculated.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team did not want to "overturn the current situation" by making a new choice.
Garland is the chief judge of Columbia County US Appeal Court.
Reid testified that Republicans who blocked Garland's nominee were Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's "banners" and "burns."
He said Trump was not eligible for the post.
Treats said he favours' a naked calendar 'for women as it was for' men '.
The Treats magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to publish an inspiration for the 1970s from Pirelli for 2017.
Instead of famous and naked ones, however, they are working to find new generation of top models for the Ilham Peradvanced calendar of 2017.
Steve Shaw, chairman of Treats, said this magazine, which was high in the year earlier this year, was different from the old playboy, because "the playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
Certain, he believes the calendar is like that.
Shaw said in a press release on the calendar: "Like the Men, we need to go back to display the classical description that women can see as a source of inspiration to these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release on the calendar.
Women will want to be part of this project, as it is a beautiful art monument.
Models can send photographs online or attend open talks in Los Angeles and New York.
Vinil target: Who are the areas where the plate is actually?
The middle age is brilliant with men's vinyl.
Let us allow us to say that this behavior is based on real data before we go to the magnificent insults under our Night OrtaYaklerStory.
According to YouGov, the return of plains, a much-mentioned issue, is a result of the middle-age nostalgia, not the innovative generation created by a physical object.
Those who recently bought vinil albums are mostly between 45 and 54 years old.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the lowest possibility.
It is also not only about the act of accomplishing the enthusiasts; it is emotional importance; older vinil buyers usually enjoy their feelings (56% and 53%) who enjoy their feelings (69% and 66%).
Is YouGov's results true?
If this blog was posted on television, the camera walked through a crowded street in a crowded street, with a modest grey teammate, stopping a lot of gesture before stopping and opened my hands and said: "Then let's take an eye."
Then, let's take an eye.
Soho's centre is slowly circulating and amazing, and the buildings where independent sellers are now filled with hotels, Eats, Prets and Paperchases) are still a few specialist plate stores.
Probably I would like to stop the camera for the next part; I would try to find information about their age and emotional situations through the observation, standing near different men in some of these stores.
Sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (pictured)
I ask a collector?
"I thought," That's my story. "
I have about 3000 or 4000 places.
These plates (pictured on the official above) sent me to e-mail, I didn't follow him until his home, and decorate the walls of the sitting room.
The reason for such a large number of albums and single constituencies is a result of what can be spent in part; they can now receive placements where they don't have money, and they can buy back when they sell at times of young and strapped times.
"Most of the things I've got are at the end of the 60s, the things that happened when I was 11 or 12; I was very young to get it," he says.
He agrees that those who buy the plate are more likely to be isolated people, and adds: "I don't smoke, I take a lot of alcohol.
That's the bad harmony.
Wez (25), who works at Sister Ray (25), thinks most of the customers he faced have complied with the YouGov profile.
But he also noticed that there was a new wave of waves affected by exaggerated advertisements in the media, with those who heard that the mom had come back, he needed to buy old plates.
During my talks, I realized that it was normally overhauling the collections of people in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who sell vinils to buy CDs are now selling CDs to reclaim the plates, "he says.
It could explain the rise of people in a particular age that revived vinyl.
What is the emotional importance of the plates?
In a store like Phonica, it takes a few seconds to notice that plate stores offer a comfortable community of people in similar personality.
According to Wez, big customers with some age have been overwhelmed by a particularly non-contact payment system.
Some vinil passions may be seeking refuge in the stability of familiar plate caps, which reminiscent of the digital world and reminiscent of requiet youth memories.
"Bazen may be able to fill a vacuum or see material items as some kind of comfort," Wez says.
I think I have a collector when I'm a collector, and I think most of them are.
It's an easy way to fill this cafe.
"We're like social service workers," says a colleague who baked from a plate.
A poll in April revealed that 50% of vinil album areas had yet to hear the album yet.
The survey found that 41% had a pickup that he never used, and 7 percent had bought vinil even though there were no playoffs.
I was very anxious to look at this stage of the news, possibly studying a series of bossa nova feeds.
The "reward" aspect of this backdrop is an element that is noticed by Jonny (42), who works in the Sounds of Universe: Three middle-aged men).
"Recently, one came to me and said:" I don't have the plate, but I want to get a Radiohead plague to put it on our shelves. "
Although this does not represent a large percentage, it certainly reflects the current situation.
More products, less music.
There are people who say: "I don't have the plate."
These are not the elderly, but young people, who are at the end of their onslaught age, make new entry into this issue.
Now when I arrive at Fopp, which has separated almost all the stricter for vinil, I see that the mass is pretty variable.
In their 70s, there are couples, photographs, young boys and middle-aged women.
The atmosphere is good to see diversification among customers, even though it's the latest part of the stores (Wild Beast), rather than less dinghy and hopeless.
Neither is especially alone, but it is hard to address psychological trauma that distribute them by taking a long period of 30 seconds.
Elanora (27) is trapped in Fopp for a few minutes and is keeping an eye on the injury plates.
Instead of spending, it was just to look at the windows.
He says he doesn't have the option to do the plate collection, which he doesn't win too much.
It's costly.
It's easier to listen to music from the computer or in other ways, but the beauty of vinilla is moving away from domestic, such as one of his loved ones.
I don't know how to explain it, I don't really like it.
My last stop is a store that is said to be inspiring to the new generation of vinil stuff: Urban Outfitters.
I observed a group of young daughters who gathered around Polaroid cameras at a time before a father and daughter's debate about buying a Crosley plate California.
There is a merdiven vacuum with the plates of the left Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac; it doesn't exist for an average collection; it's a mix of modern and classics.
No one is looking at it; perhaps because they are only intended for decoration, some are as high as it can be touched.
It's an entirely "artistic vinil."
But wondering about these items may mean that the industry will earn more money and send less customers to the depth of Soho; there is not much subject to complain.
It's not surprising that more money is spent on more luxurious items such as vinil, a demographic group that has more money and time.
But my findings suggest YouGov's results are correct at least in Soho plate stores; they don't take into account the number of women collectives and vinil tuckers found in plate stores or online forums.
They are working pretty hard in school or in offices.
They certainly planted their Thursday Evenings at the plate stores in Berwick Street, examining the plates and shoulders of middle-aged men who were not aware of anything, and a 30-year-old fake TV server.
Grönland dog is the longest-lived omurganian animal living in the world - videos news
Scientists said the Grönland shark is the longest gravitational among the planets in the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who works on the Sharks, said the record belonged to a five-metre diet, thought to be between 272 and 512 years old.
French court rejects bid to demolish stores at Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais officials for the destruction of dozens of makeshift stores and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees live.
In a court hearing this week, Calais officials argued that the state should be demolished by a total of 72 makeshift stores, where people within the camp have sold a lot of products from smoking, or sold 50 cents (40p) for tea or a few euros.
Calais Valley has argued that those places should be demolished because they have an economic wound of tax unpaid and a risk on fire and hygiene.
Aid-level groups said the court is vital to stores and restaurants, while free food offered by state-backed enterprises and other groups is not enough for the growing population in the camp.
Makeshift stores and restaurants have often argued that they often provide shelter and free food.
A court in Lille said that those who run 72 makeshift stores had no legal basis for deportation, but the concerns of Calais Valison were "completely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said groceries, cafes and restaurants have taken a much larger role than just feeding people living in "extremely dangerous circumstances."
They said they provided comfortable meeting points for refugees and volunteers.
For the non-profit Jungle Children, one of the places that are in danger of devastation, Book Qafe offers a meal of 200 items each day, offering English and French lessons, and there are recommendations for asylum seekers who are not hundreds of minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect this cafe, which is for children.
In a letter sent to the Guardian, this closure process "would be a facia for these children, some of whom are eight years old."
Two charity organizations, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, predicted on Friday that the number of the population at the Jungle camp was the highest in the Jungle camp after rising assets during the summer period.
After gold in Fiji trick-class gold, England won silver in rugby youngster championships
The big England's impressive progress in the rugby 7 Championship ended after a 43-7 defeat at the Rio Deodoro Stadium on Thursday in the final with Fiji.
Fiji teaches a trick on the cavrama, pas, side-step, support, running lines and kas, to take the gold medal, the first Olympic medal for each renewal.
In the aftermath of the defeat, the UK received its third silver medal of the day as a temperature award that was not too bad, and can now be proud of their efforts in the Olympic 7 opening tournament, which they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
At the beginning of the day, they may have found them in the final after the South African Team, where they beat 7-5 in the semifinals.
But a Fiji, still in such form, could even beat a 15-man team.
Although it's not very unbelievable, perhaps the Great Britain might find out that at least one British would wear a gold medal tomorrow: Fiji's chief coach, Ben Ryan, is a British from Wimbledon.
This was a pretty tough journey for Great Britain.
Eight ways ago, they lost every match at the Adelaide youngster Championship when they worked with Ryan.
This time, they lost only one.
The progress, which has been catastrophic in this defeat, is really frustrating.
Fiji made a fascinating start, the players switched through the episode of the Great Britain's attempts to get the ball.
It was like running between a series of offensive buses for Tom Mitchell and his team, and the World series champions were 5-0 when the Osea Colinisao corner took action.
In the fourth minute, Jerry Tuwai left the falcon from the right wing with another number.
The game was 12-0, and the Great Britain almost never touched the ball.
Mitchell's wonderful intervention prevented the third of Leone Nakarawa, like the mountain, but only to delay the number of Fiji that he did.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua made the lead from the right corner, and the Great England 17-0 was down.
With just one minute remaining in the first half, Nakarawa came from the scratch and made another number.
Later, Vatemo Ravouvou was flown to the line for the number, passing out of some tough Great British interventions.
With that number, the touchdown reached the skor 29-0.
With a team set up to play in the Fiji 7 championships, the Great Britain has not yet been trying to learn the foundations of the job.
The situation is more or less.
He made big changes between the big British takeover and closed the Fiji threshold; for the full four minutes, that was a good development in the first half, and Josua Tuisova is on the stage with the perfect Fiji game.
Dan Norton also made a try for Great Britain, and although he tried to score the left corner to make the score 36-7, the playoff fans singled, waving the flag and dancing.
It was really hard not to admire Fiji's joyous approach to the scratch.
Maa Viliame also tapped their final add on the Fiji game, which had no need to decorate in the final minutes.
When the duck crashed, Fijililer began the celebration and kept the way for a dressing room in the way of the Great British defeat.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in the semifinals, with Great Britain facing South Africa in a tough semifinal; the UK was put forward with a single point.
Kyle Brown had suggested the South African team in the first half, but Dan Norton made the lead in the second half with his back-to-back feet.
The wonderful intervention by Anthony's brother Marcus Watson, who was in the top 15 of England, was a triumph and a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning rushed to victory in sculptures by inspiring teenagers' battle with cancer
There will be no more emotional gold medal in those games, which is a significant meaning.
After the first move, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning noticed that Estacio could be much more meaningful than they scored in Lagoa.
Although there were two people who have attracted all the rows, there were three voices in the boat; the voice of the women, Robin Williams, in the process, as the first women to reach such a level in the UK this year.
The referees were pretty clear; this was their unprecedented, undefeated invisibility series.
And if we see two wonderful athletes in the surface in the surface, it is not exactly the nature of the victory.
Behind every rowing gold medal, there is a battalion of keen earnings that make this difference, and no hand was not as effective as their antagonists who didn't know how to live and live this day when she was diagnosed with cancer 30 months ago.
As he said, they touched and went.
I was caught on mesane cancer that could be intervened with Amella, and they did it.
If they don't do that, it goes anywhere.
It would have been a bad situation.
It's a bit of a change in your life.
He was diagnosed with Williams in December 2013.
For him, the three were very lucky to be able to start treatment at the beginning of 2014, but in such situations it would be an accurate expression, but in this way it would be minimized.
I had to get paid, so I couldn't improve quickly.
It was an incentive for me.
I was devastated and I was 6, 9, 15 metres in the garden, even though they said a few steps were enough.
It started that way.
Drawing the rowing is a journey to its own, but that makes it a little bit bigger.
In the aftermath of the victory, he was in Williams, who spent a little more than usual to overcome their own concerns.
"I was emotionally devastated this week, maybe this is a little overwhelming but serious," said Stanning, who was a swim in the royal Tops Union and previously travelled to Afghanistan.
That's what it means to me and how much it works for Helen, I and Robin.
I spent a great three years with Helen and Robin.
If Robin wasn't, and that's why I want to voice my greatest thank for him because he is the best coach in the world.
I couldn't find a better person or a better coach to work.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the race for five years.
The two have met a formidable ride that their rivals cannot reach.
Even the power of Stanning and Glover, even the last 500 metres that the New Zealand and Danish crews closed, have not yet been exhausted.
We found ourselves in that mainstream.
'Helen was talking about the process with us, the process. '
It's really important not to be covered and gone.
We had a good start and didn't try to do something incredible.
We did not expect the explosions of fireworks today, we wanted to win the race, which was just good rowing, and we did it.
The two will give a one-year break before deciding what to do in the future.
Glover has a wedding to join next month; he and his TV adventurer, Steve Backfield.
For now, he just wants to get a taste of that.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
It would have been a lot of pressure.
I had six months to notice I was an Olympic champion in London.
It was a lot of defeat and I was very stressful.
Here, that was about four minutes.
It's a much better feeling, "he said.
Los Angeles Central Library's spectacular architectural chance to qualify
"The Los Angeles Central Library: Art and Architecture is the Los Angeles Central Library," according to a meeting of the Central Library of the city centre, Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee.
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share their view of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design, as well as the 1993 restoration and Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Art Deco Southwest Law School (former name Bullocks Wilshire), based on Salon, 3050 Wilshire boulevard, will be open between 14pm and 1pm on 21 August.
Participants could tour the Central Hall, the countryside rooms, cakes Oddy and tea Oddy.
Tickets need to be taken before: Wages will be $15 for SAH / SCC members and $25 for non-members.
An open industrial area in DTLA gets a hot transformation
How could the 90th anniversary of the Central Library of Los Angeles could be celebrated from a book?
Bulgaria Announces Inflation values for first time in 8 months
In June, monthly inflation in Bulgaria was 1%, according to national statistics.
This is the highest value for years (since June 2012), but it's the first value seen on the liquid since October, after a positive 0.2% value last year.
The average annual inflation, measured by the CPI for the past 12 months (August 2015 to July 2016), was 0.8% - compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared with June 2016, with monthly inflation at 1.0%.
Since the beginning of the year, the inflation rate (between July 2016 and December 2015) was 0.2% - and the monthly inflation gap between July 2016 and July 2015 was 0.2%.
Compared with the previous month in July 2016, it observed the price increase in consumer product groups: Food and alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), various goods and services (0.3%).
Prices have fallen in clothes and shoes (2.2%), furniture, home equipment and routine care (0.5%) and health (0.1%).
Prices of alcoholic beverages and tobacco mammals, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; prices in telecommunications and education groups remained at the same level.
Snapchat "Anime" Efekti criticized as Asian caricature
Snapchat has been inspired by animation for this filter, but some observers say it is racially disgusting.
Snapchat provides the authenticity of around 150 million users every day with centenary installation and can be able to play with absurd levels.
You can turn yourself into a character with an ananasa, dog or a Roy Lichtenstein reservoir.
Merclays are the reckless, feature-changing tools that make up the apology, which has been developed more than 30 miles each day.
The wrong steps are for the memory of the fast camera.
Snapchat authorities have faced charges in the past that the practice has supported the classification of practice or offering whitewashed skin tones as beauty ideals.
For this reason, some critics criticized the company this week that it was a "Asian mask," which gives users a blanket, breakfast gear and bottle of bottles.
And they wondered whether these repeat conflicts pointed to a larger problem with the company's diversity.
Reports and outrage spread with the news of The Verge and Motherboard on Wednesday and announced it had removed the Snapchat feature a day later.
The company issued a statement: Transcript was prepared not to remove Assanders' cartoon, but to the anime characters.
But for observers who have racist experience, this center recalled stereotypes from the advocacy.
Other people generally declined to compare the animity.
Grace Sparapani, an American art student from Korean origin, shared a tweet about the photographs, said an e-mail was "painful and uncomfortable with the most lightest statement."
He added that the debate is difficult when it comes to comparing the effects of the filter with bad Asian caricatures.
This shows that the fleet is not only the Asian mascot, but also a humiliated Asian mascot.
Snapchat is not the only company that exceeds cultural supplementary mechanisms.
It appears that American culture is in an endless conflict of diversity and coverage in many areas, from meeting rooms to Hollywood and all of us in their hands.
And it can be interpreted that Snapchat's speech could have a higher sensitivity expectancy of the vast young mass, which is more than other critics of the race.
In an interview Thursday, Katie Zhu, 25, said that when one of Snapchat's merchants was a small-cut appearance for a user, "such moves are much more difficult to make a difference as before."
On Thursday, Mrs Zhu, a product manager and engineer working for Medium, decided to write the Snapchat account and called for everyone to do so.
In an article for Medium and in an interview with the phone, he said he believed the conflict with the race reflected shortcomings in the recruitment practice in Snapchat.
She criticized the leading team of the company's majority white men, criticizing the article with a ticket: # SnapchatiSilin.
"Different races between Ya staff can make such decisions, or if there are people who work there and have different racists, they don't feel safe or comfortable to speak themselves," said Mrs Zhu, an American of Chinese origin.
Other observers share his views on this complaint that Snapchat was largely unanswered.
The company emphasized the private company situation and does not share the figures on diversity among its staff.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to share the racial nationalities of his staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently secured a recruitment Question, aimed at improving the focus and inclusion of populists who were not adequately represented.
In her own terms, she said, he would keep his Snapchat account closed, and added: "I wonder if it's the need for more users like us to say that this is not true."
Congressional Paneli Says Military Officers Discuss ISID intelligence
In a report released on Thursday, a congressional panels reported that Australians of the United States of America have falsified intelligence reports to take a more optimistic picture of events in the field of war against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
An occasional report by the Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Defense Committee of Defense Committee, said their superiors had changed the assessments of the Islamic State of the Islamic State, saying their superiors had changed the assessments of Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CENTCOM, is a military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The intelligence results approved by senior CENTCOM leaders are typically more positive than the fact that the United States has shown the facts on the field of preventing terrorism, and consistently provide much more positive results from analysis that the intelligence community creates other elements," the report said in a news release.
"Those who are at CENTCOM are unacceptable; our fighter units are shortened while poor analyses are presented to high-level decision makers," said Republican Representative Ken Calvert, a Republican nominee.
Leadership failures at CENTCOM have reached the highest levels of the organisation.
The 10-page report also provided details of permanent problems in 2014 and 2015, based on the Central Command's statement and analysis of America's efforts to train Iraqi forces.
In any case, there is no clear evidence that senior Obama administration officials have given orders to modify reports, but it is clear that analyses are under pressure from CENTCOM leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISID and DAES.
"In the first half of 2015, many Center computing press bulletin, believers and congressional statements are significantly more positioned than the operational events," the report said.
For example, a CENTCOM official said a large military attack on the back of Mosul would be done in the early period of April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, is still in control of the Islamic State.
Kansas' Republican Representative, Mike Pompeo, said in a statement that "after years of research, this is quite clearly understood."
By mid-2014, the most senior intelligence leaders of the United States governor of the United States of America manipulated the governor's intelligence results in order to bolster the threat posed by ISID in Iraq.
Republicans created a working arm after learning that analysts had expressed concern that intelligence about the Islamic State was manipulated.
As the revelations continue, the report, released on Thursday, will follow much more comprehensive findings.
There is also a review of another CENTCOM intelligence, which is being conducted by the Department of Defence's general inspector.
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee published their own findings on Thursday, which drew some conclusions from the Republican working arm.
The committee's Democratic chairman, Representative Adam B. Schiff, said a declaration was "a very narrow process in the intelligence assessments of CENTCOM, DAES and the Iraqi Security Forces between 2014 and 2015."
According to Mr. Schiff, the process "delayed the publication of the intelligence results," causing morale disorder among analysts, and "the opposite opinions are not enough."
But Mr. Schiff and Republicans said they did not reach a bullet that the White House had put pressure on CENTCOM analysts about the consequences of a "previously set or political tell."
Preliminary results of the congressional review were announced by the Daily Beast on Tuesday.
Last August, the New York Times reported that the general review of a Pentagon investigator opened following complaints by CENTCOM analysts.
Senior Lieutenant General Patrick Evans said that as a Pentagon spokesman, he would not comment on the Defence Department's congressional report in the process that the general inspectorate continues to review.
However, he said, "experts will be able to dispute over the interpretation of complex data in some cases, and that the intelligence community and the Ministry of Defence support healthy dialogue in relation to these important national security considerations."
The research will resonate beyond the issue of whether the American-led bombing operation in Iraq and Syria will continue (this is a case that has been revealed by more Defence officials every day.
But the charges last year raised the question of how much President Obama could rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations at Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Criticism of Islamic State intelligence has started when CENTCOM intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote an article that said he was not considering a small force in Iraq, despite many analysts' objections from President George W. Bush's administration, and has been debated for more than a decade.
Mr. Hooker also played an important role in the outcry about Islamic State intelligence.
Officials noted that Mr. Hooker's team had built temporary refineries to sell oil in the black market, despite public statements to the contrary last year, and that the terrorist group had failed to significantly affect the financial resources of the terrorist group.
However, this finding, as The Times said in September, has not been out of the Centre Command.
Last year, CENTCOM's grandmother, General Lloyd J. Austin III, came under fire last year because his statement in the Senate was seen as a very positive assessment of the war by many laws.
General Austin retired in April and is General Joseph L. Votel, the person who replaced him at the Center.
US Women's Hockey Team, set to face England, Wins successive 4th victory over Arka
Katie bam scored the first two goals of the United States women's hockey team on Thursday, a day after Americans scored three goals in a 6-1 win against Japan.
The two matches seemed to require a five-goal catastrophe, but the bam (27) said he was not sure if he had done the same thing before.
"I have no idea," he said.
I'm not the people who kept the records of the Golds.
What he knows is: Americans share a 4-0 lead in the Olympic tournament and the first place in the group with the UK, which continues to bounce back after defeating Japan 2-0 on Thursday.
The United States of England and the United States will face the final game of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams have qualified to win the quarterfinals, and the game will determine who leads the six-team group's matches and who will finish second.
The team, which finished the group's matches, will not face a little longer time with the strong Dutch team, the leader of another group when the quarterfinals starts.
After Saturday's match, however, Americans were sensational, showing surprising progress here after the London Olympics, where they were last from 12 teams.
The bam was in that team.
He grew up in Blue Bell, PA.; he was 3 when he first received the chip hockey sophomore; he was interested in this sport in Drexel and was the youngest player in the team by joining the national team at 16.
He missed the 2008 Olympics because he did not enter the final squad.
It was 2012, when he and his teammates did not go on track for most of us.
The following year, a British coach, Craig Parnham, took office and things started to change.
Bam says "Cultural change, a mental change, a physical change."
We don't work now in London.
We were completely transformed.
On Thursday night, the bam took the first half of the first half with a closely relaxed shot.
India had not yet won a win in the tournament, but the team managed to keep the scorching 1-0 as the third quarter in which the bam was activated.
He made a long run from the solo of the field and later punched the ball and pushed the Americas a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzales scored the final goal from the middle of the fourth quarter.
It was the first match for the United States goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who allowed one to score one in the first three victories.
The chance was opened.
Like bam.
"We're in a good place right now," Parnham said, but it depends on the outcome of Saturday's game with how good the place is.
Trambolin dinghy in the Organization of Olympic Hotel
If you are, the Olympics are under way, regardless of how many hours.
Events in Rio de Janeiro represent a host of competition and work, and it is like it will never be finished or avoided.
The Olympic torch itself is like a flames Baton relating to the swimmers, gymnastics.
Simone Biles is unable to watch TV before you hear something about the pitch between Katie Ledecky or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos, you can't read the paper or listen to what your neighbour is in a cafe.
And Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley, who joined the Olympics for the first time, is a swimmer, gymnast or fencer, as a swimmer, gymnast or fencer who advised you to feel good.
But Lake Forest, California's Mr. Dooley (28) is fighting for a gold medal in the Olympics trambole.
The Olympic Alevi does not elevate every event at an equal level.
Far from the centre, there are sports that are universally recognized in the shadow: Air rifle shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
He will always be with us in the breaststroke, but for a long time.
However, I would like to note that I'm most loved, I would like to pay attention to the secret magnitude of the trambole.
Although it has been known as an Olympic event since 2000, when the trambolin was promoted in Sidney games, few people I have asked for 16 years did not realise that it was an Olympic sport.
This could be a regional illiteracy.
The United States has never won medals in the trambola, although the United States has sent athletes for the contest, and it hasn't been a rising contestant to the finals until 2012.
The men's awards were tendency for the Chinese and the Russians, and the Chinese and Canadians.
China's Dong Dong and Canada's Rosie MacLennan will try to protect the gold medals they receive in London this year.
However, the trambolin is seen as a mazlum event; it may be partly because it recognizes consciousness to the palyacho school, rather than the Olympics.
I should admit I'm not a specialist here, it's just about the issue.
There is a funny potential (such as the cartoon film-like titree created by the surface), but also reflects the gymnastics and darkness of two sports that have brought together fundamentally.
The word "Trambolin" comes from the word of Spanish al-trampolin; that carries the meaning of "tramplen."
Champion nominees squeeze about 30 feet from the air in a large trambole and are asked to make a series of moves (burkini, pike and salto) before their feet on their feet.
According to the official Olympic programme, they are evaluated according to the executive, challenge and "flight period."
Thirty-two athletes will compete in Rio, 16 men, 16 women and 16 women.
The most frequent progress in the Olympics is directly advanced.
Those who hope to get a medal should come back to the end, in some cases, in some cases, faster and more or more, in some cases, in some cases.
They don't just have the finish line or the starting wall, but at the same time there is another tough line in the spread of television; it's a world or Olympic record.
This shaky effort is incredible, environmentally, and even in extreme levels; even one audience is enough to bow to their tears.
This, however, is the privilege that I have lightly exhausted the Games.
Trambolin allows you to give a break to all of this.
The Trambols are incredibly accurate.
Their goals are not moving forward.
The more accurate squeeze seems to be weighted like astronaut, or less interest, downward and rebooked.
Of course, there is no competition or difficulties, but there is no humour to reach a conclusion during the routine, there is no disappearance, only time and place to be suspended, such as imagination.
It's so dingy if an Olympic race can be.
The women's rankings and then finale will be regulated at 13pm on Friday afternoon; the men are again 13 on Saturday.
NBC is due to publish the finale in both days, from 14.00 as the bloc in the afternoon.
In the middle of the Olympic madness, they promise a quiet and wonderful moment that can be ignored in the general brawl.
And consciousness is that, according to The Wall Street Journal, the United States will be able to marry the new fans of Mr. Dooley's new fans, as if the United States male gymnastics have recently proposed.
"A Nesil protest" in Ethiopia, which has long been US ally.
Transcript for Violence in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia faced severe resistance by the government.
Shahenite says several protesters have received fatal weapon shootings in the clashes with police.
Is Ethiopia about to collapse?
Over the past decade, one of Africa's most stable nations and the fast-growing economy had been a solid ally for the West.
But anti-government protests in recent months have shaken the country by spreading more regions every day.
Just last week, thousands of people took to the streets, demanding fundamental political changes.
According to human rights groups, the government's response to it was pretty frustrating.
Police officers shot and killed several unarmed demonstrators, Shahences said.
The protest footage, thought to be late last year or early this year, is seen by security officials who have broken their hands against a wall and disrupt young people who are forced to stop.
The highest-ranking United Nations human rights official is now seeking a thorough review.
"It's always difficult to keep this country together and it will be much harder to move forward," said Rashid Abdi, the Somali Peninsula project director for the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia, after Nigeria, Africa's population is the highest nation and its stability is appreciated by the West.
The US military and intelligence services have been working closely with Ethiopians to fight terrorist threats in the region, particularly Somalia, and there are very few countries in Africa that have received such assistance from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is growing in an impressive way.
Infrastructure has been effectively improved; there is even a new suburban train in the capital's Addis Ababa.
And the streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Although the best example of democracy in Ethiopia, (human rights groups consistently referred to the government's repressive stance), the domestic opposition was quite limited, while opponents were effectively silenced.
Most have been sent to exile, were jailed, killed or desertified in the most remote corners of desertification.
But that may be about to change.
Seyoum Teshome, a university professor from Central Ethiopia, said: "If you don't offer people drowning and offering them other options from the protesters, these incidents are" interest. "
The youth is completely in protest.
A generation protest.
There are many complaints from land use to pressure on the power of the ruling coalition.
After a highly criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies also received the last post that opponents filmed and can now control 100 per cent of the Parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising on the border with Eritre, a provocative and contentious line that led to the war that killed hundreds of people in June.
Analysts fear that in recent years, such as the Oromo Freedom Front or the Ogaden National Freedom Front, the disappointing separatist groups will be rewarded by stopping this species.
There are a few factors explaining why the bitter emotions that have been locked under the surface for years have now exploded.
The first one seems innocent: Smartphones.
As cheap smartphones are spreading and internet service is provided, only a few years ago, a large number of Ethiopian social media began to communicate.
The government was able to communicate through internet caretaker servers who hide their positions, even when it captures access to Facebook and Twitter, particularly as they often do in protest times.
A few young Ethiopia said they had gathered this way for the protests.
Secondly, solidarity between Oromolar and Amhards, two major ethnic groups of Ethiopia, have also increased.
Oromolar and Amhards are not normally allies.
Long, in the mountainous areas of Ethiopia's dominant Christian mountainous areas, Amharians were subjected to policy and business and abused the Oroms, many of whom are Muslim and in wedding land.
But the situation is changing.
"We are trying to gather under an umbrella and co-operate," said Mulatu Gemechu, a Oromo leader.
The biggest protests were seen in Amhara and Oromo areas.
Most Amhara and Oromo think Ethiopia is being unfairly dominated by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which accounts for about 6 per cent of the population and is dominant in military, intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third reason behind the unrest was Meles Zenawi's death.
Former riot leader Mr. Meles served as Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years until he died from an undisclosed illness in 2012.
Seeing everyone saw it, it was thought to be a tactical description.
In particular, analysts say, he is specialized about detecting the first signs of unrest and influencing rivals.
"The current regime does not have this basic information," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was elected in relatively limbo to fill the place of Mr. Meles.
Unlike Mr. Meles from the Tigray area of northern Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam is the south.
Analysts say he has failed to win the trust of the security services that Tigrayans are checking.
As a result, there was more blood with more fear.
Ethiopia's recent experience of such a confusion was a protest in 2005 following the thieves made by thousands of people in the wake of the government's scratch-saving election.
In the follow-up measures, many protesters were killed, even less than last month, and the period of confusion has switched more quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for significant progress in developing visibility infrastructure, such as the new suburban train, and the fight against poverty.
However, it is clear that this is not stopping the problem against the Ethiopian government.
And it is dangerous and ethnic.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a town of Amhara, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and the Tigrayan nephew has increased in social media.
Analysts say the protests have left the United States and other allies in the West in a strange situation.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned air vehicles on neighboring Somalia; only recently that base was closed.
While the West wants to promote democracy, he does not want this ally in a fragile region to break apart.
Mr. Abdi said "yeah," and added: "It's like walking on a very incredible kid."
Donald Trump announces Obama allegations that he set up ISID as' Alay'
Donald J. Trump has tried to eliminate the recent conflict around the campaign on Friday, saying he was not serious about a few times last week, claiming that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "founders" of the Islamic State terror group.
That statement raised new questions about the Republican presidential nominee's ability to communicate openly with the American people.
At the same time, he has put it in a strange position in the process, as they try to explain what he is doing to defend him in the process that created this turmoil.
Mr. Trump insisted on Thursday night that he really implied that he and Mrs Clinton had set up the ISID in interviews on Thursday after he was found in this proposal at a rally on Wednesday night.
But in the early hours of Friday morning on Twitter, Mr. Trump said there was only a sarcastic expression.
Gonderi was showing that Mr. Trump was completely backwards from a day before he testified that he was serious about this charge in a series of interviews.
Conservative radio programmer Hugh Hewitt said that when Mr. Obama tried to destroy the ISID, Mr. Trump had tried to help him in releasing that interpretation, the Republican presidential nominee did not believe it.
Mr. Trump has emerged in recent complexity as he tries to change his campaign's focus after a drop in the polls.
Mr. Trump and Mrs Clinton have spoken to each other about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump wanted to return to that issue.
Again, he spoke via Twitter, saying that Clinton's offers would increase taxes, and that he was boring his speech.
Mr. Trump had previously used his ridiculous defence.
In late July, after the Russians faced major criticism after he appeared to suggest that Mrs Clinton was found in a pirated attack on e-mails, he said: "Of course I'm saying it sarcastically."
This approach allows Mr. Trump to force political speech limits and take a step back in the needed place.
Ruth Sherman, a communications specialist who monitored the language used by both candidates, said: "It is a order to test how certain messages react to him by proponents, in a way that depends on the reaction."
At the same time, however, he is knowing those statements, and knows that it is uncertain until different merchants are filtered.
After a recent fall in polls, Mr. Trump has taken a much more aggressive stance rather than softening the mood for the general election mass.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll released on Friday showed that Mr. Trump is far behind Hillary Clinton in North Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, and there is a tight race in Florida.
As far as Mr. Trump is often reluctant to apologise for the inflammatory things he has made, he accuses him of distributing his words or failing to understand his mixture.
But Mr. Trump's jokes, which have been subject to much more scrutiny in the final months of the presidential campaign, make it difficult for his loyal supporters to support him, even though his comments are inflammatory.
Former New York City mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has done his best to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday as one of Mr. Trump's most advanced supporters.
When asked about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's scheme that Mr. Obama and Mrs Clinton set up Islamic State, Mr. Giuliani said, "I think he is a legitimate, political critic."
In one sense, before Obama, ISSID was an unknown, small organisation, it was a complete mistake of those who loved them, and that was because of the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.
Many Republicans have been trying to argue that the Obama administration, which Mrs Clinton has done as foreign minister, has failed to aggressively deal with the situation in the Middle East and why the ISID is growing.
Ahead of rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continues to blame the news media via Twitter to distribute every word and being biased against him.
Trying to solve him is "zavalized, accurate" TV experts, saying: "They can't do it!"
Some Democrats criticized the excuse that Mr. Trump put forward, saying it was evidence that he was not eligible for the presidency.
Transcript for Republicans in Qafe Greenpoint, who can't Presidential prices
The Verb Cafe Wi-Fi, a former purple site with only cash in Williamsburg, offered wonderful coffee for 15 years.
Natural, he couldn't lead the prices at the store at Bedford Avenue.
The store, which replaced Verb in the summer of 2014, sells them in the form of the Soap Cherie cap cake.
Residents of the region have complained that this is the last loss of the hazardous city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter: "New York changes, I know it, but I can't believe that CBGB is gone and the Chelsea Hotel was evacuated and that Verb is now a saga store."
But New York is the city to reinvention as much as it is.
In Greenpoint last November, less than a mile from its original position, a renovated Verb Cafe opened in the north.
The new Verb Cafe has a Wi-Fi connection and acknowledges a credit card but maintains some former employees and similar simple weather.
Coffee is still good.
At the beginning of the new Verb, the longtime employee of the former café is the owner of the new location, and Cisco Rodriguez, the general manager.
He joined Verb in 2001 and was up until the end.
A customer said he would be excited to do so when he offered him funding for this new place.
Mr. Rodriguez (36) left most of the same.
Verb uses the same distributor for symptoms, and bought an espresso machine from the same model.
Even the lights of the old Verb were reused here.
But Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to offer some varied experience.
He added new ingredients.
The automobile-eggs-and-cheese sandwiches are also available on the menu, as well as ingredients such as captain and satellites.
Esmer-pairing casualties.
The cafe is no longer a beer service but offers fresh fruit water.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez said he noticed that old patrons began to come in decisively.
"Many of our former clients did not lead to the prices in Williamsburg," he said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Female Oliveira (34) lives in Williamsburg and was often travelling to Verb.
Even after moving to Greenpoint, he didn't get away from moving on the road.
After the closure, Verb said he had tried to drink coffee for a while.
"I realised what I loved was the coffee and culture in Verb," he said.
He now started drinking again, but last day he chose a cynical mixture, a new addition rather than regular ice breakfast.
Another patron, Tom Rosenthal, went to Verb regularly starting in 2003.
He will go there and give the same order.
"Every day, I walked into the quarterback, never stayed without a stab, and they were preparing my work to order every day's butter," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to make changes and added new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays, Mr. Rosenthal is still taking the order at all times, sometimes making a bit of a change, adding eggs and cheese for every day's simmering order.
Mr. Rodriguez said there was no darkness to the saga's store, which replaced the old venue.
In fact, Soap Cherie's owners offered a special saga for Verb using the cafe's cold-demolished coffee.
"I can still accept this offer," Mr. Rodriguez said.
And Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents embraced that cafe.
One of the new clients transmitted the menu to Lehcheye, and Mr. Rodriguez said his new neighbors would find a space that would showcase this menu as soon as they feel good.
The new position has other advantages.
The local fruit water store wants to bottle and sell the cold-demolished coffee.
The café is likely to expand and expand into the battery building.
It's enough to have a new Verb, most of whom can find old favourites for the customer.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and was very upset after the venue was closed.
When the new venue opened, Mr. Whitt said that being able to enter and get coffee would feel him at home.
"I had to cook it," he said.
Crisis in "A Square Meal" in Depprogressive food
In March of 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt of Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat on a lunch at the Oval Off.
At the bottom of the bowl, President Roosevelt loved the decorated Fifth Avenue food, such as crushing the knife and soup of the Maryland turtle soup.
His menu was much more modest: Tomato sci-flavored eggs, potatoes purple and sweet, and dry pudding.
"It was an act to establish solidarity with people who are suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.
His wife, Andrew CoE, added: "It was a message given to the Americans about how they should eat at the same time."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are the meal historian.
Mr. CoE's latest book, "Chop Suey," was the right of Chinese cuisine in America, and Mrs Ziegelman described their lives in dwellings in the Ashnetwork East Zone in his book "97 Orchard."
"A Square Meal," which is the new book they work together and will be published by Harper on Tuesday, tells the history of American food during the Great Depression period.
They met with a reporter for dinner at the Eisenberg sandvic Building in the Flatiron region, where the crisis began since 1929, when the crisis began.
She ordered Ziegelman (54), cream cheese and olive sandwich, while Mr. CoE (57), turkey, potato purple and vegetables.
The couple found the order of the reporter's rulo journeys to discuss the Crisis-era dishes.
"The Somers were very poppy," the woman Ziegelman said.
The location had a somber, a dry somber, dry beans some.
They were one of the cheap things that spread the ingredients with a material.
Imagine you can eat enough space in the dining room.
Mr. CoE has switched his face.
"It should be on the midest of people like the lead," he said.
In the years before the crisis, especially in rural areas, the table in America was like an open button.
The women baked cookies for men working on the farm and were served with fresh baking turtles in breakfast, lunch and dining food.
Americans who died from opening in World War Two were sending Americans a meal. "A Square Meal" explains the history of the nation's methods of dealing with a moment of bolt center.
Mr. CoE said he and his wife had the reason to write about this issue, saying: "It was a moment that the food has become a central, alarming topic for the Americans."
The new budget regime was equally worrisome: Mysterious food, such as Somers and butterflies, became the basic consumption product, with Mrs Ziegelman saying it was "a wonderful method for evaluating the remaining food."
The dried messaging, which is cheaper to replace fresh fruit.
The meat, which has been at the centre of American foods over the years, has become a luxurious luxury.
For the value of Kalori and feed, the interesting mixture was denial, and the dodgy feeling was given to the taste or a general cute understanding.
Female Ziegelman provides research for his book, which includes tariffs, while the funny crushing from that period has prepared songwriting in the dollar bakery.
"It wasn't a beloved contribution at this dinner table," Mr. CoE said.
Female Ziegelman supported it: "That was the reality."
Barely crushed, there is no common point with sons in the bakery.
In most household economy tariffs, it was a spectacular feature.
The Host economy experts, including Louise Stanley, chief of the Federal Reserve Economy Bureau, from 1923 to 1943, led the country's cooking habits as never before.
Detectives and articles published in newspapers and magazines and encouraged women to be "savvy," and spread the struggle to translate the matches into leafy food, such as powered cream spaghetti.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historic tasty locks.
The responses to the government's hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's attitude to cake food, are very worrying.
At the same time, he commented the simple Iowa farmer food in the public, as well as food, such as the millionaire intellectual that she has turned into.
"We like to eat the legs of European cuisine, such as salatarian sci-fish," Mr. CoE said.
Wearing the foods with proper jackets to dinner food, he was in a cooking room with almost entirely golden caps.
It was very far from the truth.
While his wife Eleanor didn't encourage him to be an example with his mixture, President Roosevelt could have dropped to the same mistake.
According to the book, Mrs Roosevelt recruited an aide who did not have any attention to the legs, but at the same time he started to offer "the most bleak food," but also the most blessed. "
After the country researched, most of the methods of cooking in the crisis period have been set aside.
According to female Ziegelman, the shape of concentration and feeding is on the way to cooking and cooking.
The couple said that while writing the book, Mrs Ziegelman's mother had learned a lot about the cooking habits - for example, the dinner was never trapped.
"Food waste was really scared of it," Mr. CoE said.
The woman, Ziegelman, spoke of his old moments: "He really got people sick."
There was a case of garbage.
After converting tables in Eisenberg, he and Mr. CoE revealed a tweet in the house: A dry tweet where chairman Roosevelt was in the lunch.
"It's incredibly dry," the female Ziegelman said, adding that the most frequent number of applicants was to give these modest tariffs an airy ad.
There was no printed cream; it's just dry erical, a bit, sugar, water and targlish.
Not everyone was terrified, puzzling the puzzle that couldn't brown.
Surprisingly, it wasn't too bad.
Mr. CoE took the second and third innings.
"It would be good to be part of a bit of walnuts," he told his wife, like someone who might have been able to save.
Gilead to get Gilead attorney fees in battle with Merck and hepatitis C patents
According to the US district judge's decision, Gilead Sciences Inc won the right to obtain lawyer fees for the hepatitis C patent case with pharmaceutical producer Merck & Co Inc.
After US judge Merck was found in a series of misbehavior and other ethical practices, Gilead was ordered to pay $200 million in compensation for the two Merck patents for Gilead and Harvoni in June.
At Thursday's hearing, US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead had the right to be compensated for fees made during the case defence.
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, the judge of the market with the newest generation of hepatitis C medicines that can improve more than 90 percent of the liver patients.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming the lab work for sofosbuvir, an active component of Gilead's medications.
US-backed forces say Membic control was fully taken from Islamic State
On Friday, a group spokesman said the US-backed forces had completely seized control of the city of Membic, the last Islamic State fighters inside the city, near the Turkish border.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) is in the process of clearing the city, following the separation of a group of militants hiding in the city.
Sharfan Dervis, the Membic Military Council in the alliance with SDG, told Routers that they had released more than 2000 civil hostages in the hands of the militants.
"The City is now under full control, but we are conducting the cleaning work," he told Routers.
Clinton family earned $10.75 million in 2015 and paid federal tax by 34.2 percent
Hillary Clinton announced a tax statement on Friday that the Democrats' vice-president and his wife earned $10.75 million last year, with a 34.2 per cent lower federal tax that was in force.
In 2015, the Clinton family raised $1 million to charity institutions, mostly for the Clinton Foundation, and former president Bill Clinton earned nearly $5.3 million from speech fees, and the former foreign minister declared $3 million for his book from Simon & Schuster for his time in the State Department.
Clinton's nominee, US Senator, Virginia's Tim Kaine, posted a 10-year tax statement with his wife, Anne Holton.
In 2015, they paid a 20.3 percent federal tax.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign manager Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
Unlike that, Donald Trump is scrambling and backwards behind fake excuses when it comes to explanation of his tax statements before.
No matter how much laws are required, it is a tradition for US vice presidential candidates to present their tax statements in public.
Trump and his lawyers, a New York business man, said the reason for the release of the statements was an audit conducted by the Revenues Administration.
In conjunction with the Democratic nominee's statements, Clinton campaigner Ian Sams took the tweet of "Sanders."
On Thursday, Trump's acting private superintendent, Michael Cohen, said he would not allow Trump to release them until the audit is complete.
Criticising Trump, the Republican presidential nominee in 2012, Mitt Romney and other Republicans, the group said the rejection of this rejection had raised questions about many other connections, including contributions to charity institutions, business deals and those with Russia.
Clinton released an online video on Friday showing that senior Republicans put pressure on Trump to exploit their taxes.
On Thursday, an economic speech in Michigan expressed the problem.
"He refuses to make every vice presidential nominee over the years, to publish their tax statements," he told the crowd.
Politico reported that Trump did not pay almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and on Friday, a New York Times business department columnist and accountants shared a series of tax lawyers and accountants that the situation could still continue in that way.
Federal tax rates have become a major problem in the leadership election.
Clinton offered a rule proposal on the name of billionaire investor Warren Buffet, which will ensure that those who earn more than $1 million a year would pay taxes at least 30 per cent.
President Obama supports that offer.
Last week, at a Clinton rally in Nebraska, Omaha, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway group operates there, was challenged to come to Trump and present his tax statement.
Buffet said that he was undergoing IRS control and was "fearful" by voters, not Trump's tax collection institution.
Clinton released his tax statements in his campaign until 2007.
Currently, the Clinton family, who now lives in New York, Chappaqua, paid an average of 32 per cent on average federal taxes between 2007 and 2014, and the combined tax rate is about 40.5 percent.
The Clinton family's behavior for 2015 shows that, unlike most Americans, only $100 of their income comes from the fees.
The main investments are a low-cost index investment fund, and the Clinton family, dividends and interest revenues were $109,000.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; editing by Jonathan Oatis
Dust red bizarre condoms, cut fireworks support protection of fills in Tanzania
Environmentalists in Tanzania use an unusual method to prevent the fleet from entering human settlements; they wear them with dust red peppers.
The method has proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which found the idea a few years ago, has taken steps to promote this; the villages in northern Tanzania began training their homes and excess of four steps that are non-violent, without harm to animals.
Earlier, most people used dress to self-defense.
Friday is World fil Day, dedicated to the protection of animals.
Damian Bell, executive director of Honeyguide, said in a statement: "Since we developed the Aviation, the position in these communities has changed; it is now the owner of more self-confidence that they can keep their fleet away from their land without damaging their fleet."
The first two steps include keeping the last File fence and taking the corna.
What is called "red pepper bullying" in situations where this is not possible.
The dust, stimulated by the territory, is put on a red pepper, a cut-off fireworks, and only the funny is shut down.
When it comes, the condom opens with a blanket silence, and red pepper hair in the air in the air.
Even a breakfast is enough to send the fills in the direction.
The last resort is to use a manslaughter, a high audio, brilliant explosions.
Jewish filmmaker hits the hotel room in Berlin that lifted Israeli phone code after Araps "request - RT News
A French filmmaker from Holocaust was sensational in the media after the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin revealed that he had not listened to Israel's phone code and that the employee had suggested the "demands" of Arab customers.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the "Shoah" documentary on genocide, expressed his outrage at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin with an open letter to the German broadcaster.
Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the list of the phone code provided by the hotel in his recent stay.
However, the country was not among the states that can be sought directly from the ocean.
In 2016, how can Israel be pursued and destroyed in the new German capital, Berlin?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol allows Israel to search through its own call centre.
The filmmaker reported the situation to the hotel's reception to get an explanation.
The answer, Lanzmann wrote, "shocked him."
The hotel's secretary said the measure was made with "a deliberate decision of Kempinski-Hotels management."
The motive for that move prompted the film producer to be much more nervous.
According to Lanzmann's statement, the employee said: "Most of our guests wanted the Arab and Israeli code to be written off."
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman, described this as a "great embarrassment," the Suddeutsche Zeitung reported.
It was appalled by us and he was very surprised.
It's a really great embarrassment.
It is much larger than it has been in Germany and in such a hotel chain.
There is no need for this to be followed.
We expect the hotel to pass the outcome of that, "he said.
The incident was a huge reaction in the online environment; people described the situation as scandalous.
Some accused the Kempinski Hotel of "bowing" to the alleged demands of Arab customers.
Another sent a note that the hotel was found near a synagogue, the Kurfurstendamm street, saying: "You should be Utanyou."
According to der Spiegel, Otel said this incident was the result of "dictatorship" and "apologized" from Lanzmann.
Suddeutsche Zeitung said one of Kempinski's representatives was "no direct order to be included in Israel's rapid search list."
And they said they are now adding the code.
Police use pepper gas and rubber bullets against Brazilian protester students
Students gathered in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday to demonstrate against the government's reforms on the public education system.
Police used pepper gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The problem began as police tried to distribute students, which prompted police to use rubber bullets and pepper gas.
Hundreds of students joined the show to express their discontent with the plans.
Fewer than 100 state schools will be closed and 300,000 students will be distributed to other schools, according to an offer by Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin.
Some of the people who participated in the protest were seen writing on the walls against temporary President Michel Temer.
This latest protest came a few days after protesters took to the streets to support the sacked President Dilma Rousseff, who was sacked by a vote by the country's Senator.
Trade between Russia, Iran rose to 71% - RT Business
According to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the lifting of sanctions and the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 per cent year-on-year.
Since the international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, the interest of Russian companies doing business in the country has largely increased, he said.
As new companies are set to provide access to the market, Russian companies continue their current ties with Iran.
Of course, increasing trade is one of the main priorities of our bilateral co-operation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
In the first five months of 2016, trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 per cent compared with the same period in 2015, reaching $856 million.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran rose 91.5 per cent to $697 million.
Russia's imports from Iran rose 16 per cent to $158 million.
This increase in Trade was provided with ingredients for machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "he said.
Dzhagaryan is also expecting a record number of Iranian tourists to Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran granted 35,000 visas to Iranian citizens, mostly for travel.
In addition, for the first time, Iran was among the top 20 countries in the number of tourists visiting Russia.
We can say that the Iranian tourist record that visited Russia last year will be broken, "he said.
At the same time, as a relative, fewer Russians visit Iran; this is a matter that the envoy hopes to change.
"I can personally recommend the visit of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yezd cities where the memory of the ancient Pers civilization is in good shape," he said.
Transplants to FETBC - Economics in Izmir
Interesting details about the Cavilions Group Chairman Abdullah Kavuk and Kucukbay Group Chairman Ahmet Kucukbay, who were detained for providing financial support to FETBC, have begun to emerge.
FETBC's top financial sources in Izmir, Kucukbay and Kavuk, have been sending a large amount of money each month with the leader of the FETBC / PDY terrorist organisation, Fetullah Gülen.
It was detected that the money sent to Gülen was not invested via the banks, but was sent through a member of the organisation.
Meanwhile, 9 people have been arrested as part of an investigation into the FETBC coup attempt in Amasia, and 9 people, including Merzifon Trade and Industry Chamber President Fatih Altinay, were released on condition of criminal control.
In 10 years, 30,000 lira pockets
The call for President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's "interest reduction" was called by the banks.
First, he was proposed to include banks in the campaign, launched by Property Housing and later attended by GYODER.
The suggestion that the mortgage, which was assessed as a psychological border, was brought under 1 per cent of interest rates, was also held by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
13 bank accounts for mortgage rates below 1 per cent.
Public banks have launched the discount furniture.
With the latest arrangement, which has previously been on the basis of monthly interest rates of between 1.12 per cent and 1.29 per cent, consumers who use a 10-year mortgage will pay less interest between 15 and 30 billion TL.
TERCs 5 ILA 10 years
How much will the interest cuts bring to home creditors?
A person using a 100,000 lira 10-year loan will provide 30,000 lira benefits from the drop in the fault.
The vast majority of those who use mortgages choose a 5-10-year payment plan.
Interest rates are expected to fall further in the coming days.
Sales of interest-cut sales will also have a positive impact.
In 2015, housing sales rose 10.6 per cent year-on-year to $1 million 289,000.
This year, sales are expected to exceed 1.5 miles per share.
GYODER President Aziz torn: Should be reduced to below 9 per cent
It's an important step for public banks to go down.
They listen to the call of our head and cut rates.
However, the rate should be below 9 per cent.
If this discount process continues, we are considering extending the monthly 0.70 interest campaign for a few months.
Lamb Group YKU Ozen Kuzu: Our campaign could extend to 3 months
The inclusion of banks in this initiative to bring fundamentalism to the economy, which we limit as a month, could raise the extension of this historic campaign by at least 3-4 months.
However, credit rates must be below 9 per cent year-on-year.
It is grateful to see that this is a sacrifice for every sector in the housing sector and in the real market, with a positive psychology and unprecedented solidarity with the real market.
Polat Holding YKB Adnan Polat: We expect full support from banks
It's a nice step for our president to cut interest over the call to the banks.
Apart from that, there are a number of steps towards reviving the economy in all sectors.
The campaign by NGOs is the decision taken by the Central Bank and all the steps taken in this direction... for the country...
All the banks need to put their hands under the stone.
We bring them to this mobilisation, and, together with us, we have a walk along the same road, along with the elephant economy.
Sabanci to invest 5.5 billion TL in 1.5 years
Sabanci Holding raised its net profit in the first 6 months of this year to 1 billion 353 million lira, up 11 per cent compared to the same period last year and 22 per cent from the same period last year.
Sabanci Holding High Director (CEO) Victory Kurtul reported that 1.8 billion TL in the first six months of the year have invested about 5.5 billion lira from the start of 2015.
"As a country, we have successfully gone through a difficult return in the last period," Kurtul said.
"After that, it is now time for more work and production for our country," he said.
Vapur keys from Cabatais for 2 years
The Cabatais vapur sketches were closed for nearly two years due to the "Construction of Cabature," which was conducted by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (IBB).
A modern transfer centre will be held in the Kabatais field, which will integrate sea, rayed systems and road transport.
Under traffic, interrupted pedestrian flows will be provided along the coast.
Tram and funicular systems will continue to work for a while.
Rental flights will be launched in order to provide access to Taksim, Eminway, Besiktas.
Interest dropped, house soars
My friend of a public bank took the message.
It's always the same thing.
Interest is falling, house prices are on the rise.
The interest is up, house prices are falling.
"Bak was like that again," he says.
He tells her that he has come to him because he is related to individual loans.
Developers entering the 0.70 interest-rate campaign by real estate Housing say many housing projects have increased prices.
I looked at the point of accuracy.
There is a shortage of things, no more....
Meanwhile, we had a reputation with a developer who attended the construction summit of the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation on 15 July, a week after the coup attempt on 15 July.
Boss of a big firm...
"In fact, there should be a 10 per cent increase in prices," the developer said of the developer, saying: "Would you do the Darbe opportunity?"
In the wake of the coup attempt, the campaign, led by the Property Housing, launched a major sales campaign with 0.70 interest and 120 months of valuation.
I agree, put his hand under the stone before the banks, and claimed the risk.
But we are acting with unity and tightening spirit, not to cut Turkey's pace.
With a 1-month campaigner, banks also backed up interest.
At the time, no one should have an opportunity to raise.
Adapt to those who do.
President Erdogan adopts Omar Koc and Ali Koc
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has endorsed Koc Holding Board Chairman Omer Mehmet Koc and Koc Holding Board Chairman Ali Koc, chairman of the Board of Directors.
His adoption, which was closed to the press at the Presidential culprit, lasted 40 minutes.
Call from BDRA: Those banks complaining
Mehmet Ali Akben, head of the banking Regulatory and Audit Authority (BDRK), issued an explanation for President Erdogan's warning to "recall loans" to banks.
"The banks will certainly not allow it to put the credit back into an opportunity for the conditions of the market and if they do with different samples," Akben said.
We have given such complaints and information to us, 'Bank and company-based,' and we are followers at the BDRA complaint line.
"I think it will open a new era in front of our country, as well as our banks, when the loans are falling, and the credit means are expanded," President Tayyip Erdogan said yesterday.
If our country is immune to giving loans at this time, the banks, who are urging them to return loans with excuses, give them a surface, and I want to announce it.
When interest rates are 7-8 per cent year-on-year, banks have won money for those jobs.
More than 500,000 Russian tourists expected
Turkey-Russia relations have entered a positive route before the 15 July coup attempt, the Association of Professional Otel executives (POYD) President Ali Kizildag said during a meeting at the EXPO 2016 Antalya exhibition, launching tariff flights from Russia to Antalya and a specific revival in tourism.
Meeting with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin, Kizildag said, "I expect that there will be a lot of positive developments in both tourism and agriculture, as well as for all sectors, from construction."
The two very close countries, Turkey and Russia, have traditional relations based on their years.
"I think that in this road by the leaders of the two countries, we are doing very quickly, and I think we can close the distance quickly and go towards the goals," he said.
Kizildag said that the number of Russian tourists coming to Turkey, without a coup attempt, would exceed 1 million.
But we lost one month at the time we had a high season, so the goal is to shrink.
I still think that if the charter flights begin, we will exceed the 500,000 figure.
Then there may be an explanation of the season by the end of October or mid-November.
In such a case, additional flights can be installed at the end of the year.
I predict that this positive mood will be judged very well by the Russian people.
They have a hashtag for Turkey.
I think that the construction of this ivory will perhaps force 700 buildings.
Voicing hope for 2017 for the Russian market, the Red Sea said the number of Russian tourists could rise again next year, as well as the Russian economy, as well as the Russian economy.
"There are returns in bookings, new bookings have been introduced," said POYD President Kizildag, who said public staff had been lifting the ban on permission.
"We have an expectation of hope about Scottish Day," he said.
"It would be very good if we can bring 100-200,000 people from Iran in the 1.2-2 months," Kizildag said, adding that lifting a round-ticket sales ban on travel agencies by Iran after the coup attempt was also a very positive development.
An inspiration to the current loan?
First, the new interest conditions with the bank where you get a loan are learning how to affect your credit.
Calculate the cost of using a new loan at a lower interest rate, with an early closure fee (typically used by 1.5 per cent to 2 per cent).
If you include all the costs, you can still apply for your availability, low-interest credit use.
No breakdown on the lion!
The late champion Besiktas is aiming to win a morale for the new season, winning the Super Cup battle with Galatasaray.
"We should play tempoline and aggressively," said Coach Shenol Sun, who set up all his plans on the win.
"I'm a high percentage of you and I expect the ball control over 90 minutes," he said.
It was learned that Shenol Sun's Adriano and Quaresma, who kidnapped the iders, particularly Sosa, were undecided.
During the childhood employer week, he tried Necip in stoppers, but will serve as a stopper Tosic, who plays Adriano in the leftist.
The Sun, which will also make a preference between Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei, also enrolled the ball with a long break to their demand.
Tolga to explode - Sports Times
Galatasaray President Dursun Uzbekic answered questions from members of the NEF, a sponsor to Galatasaray, and voiced support for the diaspora football player Tolga Cijikci, who is also discussing the annual fee.
I'm DENIL footballers to talk
The football team has been in a much better position than last year, Dursun Uzbekic said, adding: "I still have to talk about football on the field, not me," and "I can't say anything."
If I'm 2-3 weeks away, I can see the teams, then I can tell our champions.
I'm expecting an explosion from Tolga.
With Tolga heartbreaking, your physiotherapy will be booming this year, everyone will admire.
The president of Galatasaray stressed that they would activate if they contacted Mehmet Copal during the transfer period, but did not agree with the club, and said: "We are not in the goal of loading if our opponent increases the price."
Mehmet topal centilmen, Efendi.
We wanted to transfer to Galatasaray if we didn't agree with the Club.
RIVA, bank BORCLARI / TECEK
He said he would soon start building salon construction at the TT Arena, saying: "We wanted to make a salon of 13,000."
But our president said: 'It's a 15,000-strong salon.'
We changed the project.
With the money from Riva, we will close bank debts.
MAYISLAR YINE Tigers
Galatasaray President Dursun Uzbeku, who voiced confidence that his team that closed the Turkish Cup last season will show his quality in the face of Besiktas in the Super Cup final, has revealed his claim with a slog in the yellow-broken club.
"The Mays are us," he said, adding that he believes Galatasaray will be a champion again after a year of break.
Deplasman ban lifted
The clubs' Union Foundation signed a landmark decision during a meeting yesterday.
The meeting, which created the agenda of the 15 July coup attempt, agreed to remove a ban on deplastics.
Starting with 4 grandchildren from the new season, visiting team fans at the Besiktas-Bursaspor matches will be able to take their place in the stands.
"We decided to remove deplasman bans for the continuation of unity and tightening after 15 July."
"We believe that this unity and tips are much more important after the 15 July Democracy Sharks," he said.
Meanwhile, the current board of directors will continue to be appointed as a result of the vote at the Cultips Union Foundation.
Galatasaray Club President Dursun Uzbekic was elected as head of the divan.
Unlike earlier meetings, he noted the lack of club flames on the table.
Turkish flags have been equipped with table Turkish flags to stress Turkey's unity and tightening.
"KENDI BAHCEMIZI TEMIZLEYECETIZ"
"We don't have to underestimate the creation of the FETs," said Kulups Union President Goksel Guldag, who said that those who tried an attack against Turkey's undivided integrity have found great Turkish nationalities.
"As a football family, we have to clean up and recover our own garden," he said.
"Do you think that an organization is under the name of the 15 July Democracy Cup?" He said, "in particular, there is a general advisory of friends on the name of the Turkish Cup."
"We will share this offer with the TFF."
Target is 25,000 combined
Trabzonsports will compete in the new stadium in the new season.
Muharrem Usta, the head of the boroughs, who painted the day to move to Aksar, set up combined prices with a survey conducted via social media.
The borough-Mavilians, which aim to sell 100,000 commodities with 25,000 combined in the new season, are expected to show intense interest in the combinations that will go on sale.
"The goal is 25,000 combined and more than 100,000," he said.
We have agreed to the prices of calendar and eastern / western tribes with survey answers.
No breakfast.
"Now the ball is you."
The Bordo-mavili club's combined prices for the new season have now been set: "Calendar sub-upper combined prices are 350 TL, eastern touchdowns, and the western stands are 750 TL."
The new season, worth 150 lira, will also be given a gift to combined areas, with 30 per cent discounts for students and a 50 per cent discount in the second combination.
South KORELOK SUK officially ACIKLANDI
Trabzonsports had an agreement on every issue with South Korean Hyun Jun Suk.
A $750,000 euro temporary transfer will be paid for the player to be leased from the Porto club for a year.
The player will receive an annual salary of 1m euros.
The actor's purchase opener was set at 15m euros.
Affordable-book chase
F.Bahan sent Pereira at the end of the first year, when he struck a two-year signature on June 11, 2015.
Chairman Aziz Yildirim and the board of directors held a meeting with the club's Financial Affairs Co-ordinator Tamer Yelkovan.
The economic dimension of the event was on the table.
Under an agreement with UEFA, Yildirim, who is delicate to keep the "annual loss" at a level, has reportedly received Yelkovan assistance on financial issues.
Pereira's representatives have been contacted.
He was notified he would be fired.
2-2.5 MILY on EURO to ANLAShTILAR
For this reason, the official statement will be held today or tomorrow, as there are still some points that remain unresolved on financial issues.
Pereira and his team rushed to the team yesterday because there was no official explanation.
The total cost of this operation was around 4m euros.
However, F.Bahan's festivity said it would deal with a figure below that price.
F.Bahan will finish the job of between 2m and 2.5m euros if Pereira pays the fee as a peer.
If Pereira fails, his salary will be paid monthly.
If they reach an agreement with a team, it will pay off.
Yes, Pereira went, and a fan of Fenerbahce has signed a great revolution.
In the battle with Vitor Pereira, the Caner father, Luis Nani, has been killed.
Robin van Persie was saved with minor injuries.
I would be fully happy that Vitor Pereira went, and I think we'll find our management expenditure more betrayed.
My fingerprint is in my health.
According to Pereira, he is champion Fenerbahce.
If Vitor Pereira packs his bag to 3-5-2, it is now.
Pereira went to Kadikoy at 18.
Serdar Cakir sacked
Serdar Cakir, a senior referee referee at the Turkish Football Association (TFF), was sacked.
Taking office last year by Serdar Cakir, the father of the referee FIFA referee at the Rio Olympic Games, sparked controversy in the referee mosque last year....
As part of the FETBC in the TFF, the Central Hakem Council (MHK) was re-established by representatives of the National Council of Hakem (MHK), representatives and observers.
Van Persie's Gülen hundred identities
In the minutes when Pereira's claim was laid out, Dutch star Robin van Persie made an imminent sharing from her Facebook account.
Robin van Persie, who shares photographs from Fenerbahce himself, put his smile icons with a football ball with a pepper.
This sharing commented, "You love Pereira's departure."
El-Deehani, the first independent of history
Fehaid al-Deehani, who won the double trap category in the 2016 Rio Olympics shooting brands, made his first gold medal for independent athletes in the history of games.
Medals at the Olympic Shooting Centre were dispatched in the double trap category.
The 49-year-old al-Deehani, who joined the games with the Independent Olympic athletes' Team for the penalty for Kuwait, met with Italy's Marco Innocenti in the double trap category final.
Al-Deehani, whose opponent was 26-24, was the first to win a gold medal with the independent athletes team in the Olympics.
I opened a door for photographers
"I respect those who play with Ben bikini, my Rakips are pictured," said Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy, who struggled as a scarf at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
"I have not experienced any problems in the Games with all of us," said Elghobashy, who said he wanted to break the algorithm in the West in recent years about Islamic religion.
Here, athletes are struggling with their talent.
I receive positive messages via social media from many countries in the Islamic world.
With the apology, women discourage us, they are proud of the symptoms.
I opened a door to the chancellor, "he said.
"They are welcoming them with understanding when I tell them that I have come up with this clothes," said the 20-year-old Egyptian Elghobashy, who quoted foreign athletes as saying they were wearing a closed elbow.
Kazakh Balandin makes history
One of the biggest surprises in swimming history came with a victory by Kazakh Dmitriy Balandin against yesterday.
Balandin, the 200m butterfly, where US swimmers were shown as a favorite, came to victory in 46 salad in 2 minutes 7 seconds.
Kazakhstan was the first swimming medal in the history of Kazakhstan, followed by the United States's Josh Prenot with 2: 07.53, followed by Russia's Chupkov at 2: 07.70.
Solar: No friendships in the forefront
Besiktas Technical Director Shenol Sun said the Super Cup match would be very meaningful for camia, as Suleyman Seba's death marked the death anniversary.
"I am convinced that our friendship will be a forefront of friendship, not only in the field, not only in the field, in these days where we have more needs than usual," said the fundraising employer.
FETBC leader Gülen's assets seized
The Terrorism-Technical and Organised Crime Investigation Bureau, conducted by the Adana State Prosecutor's Office for Terrorism-Technical and Organised Crime, filed a lawsuit against the FETBC / PDY terrorist group on 17 suspects.
In the case of the 1-year-old defendant, Fetullah Gülen, who attempted to remove the 'Constitutional Order', the court delegation decided to arrest indictees Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who were on the run with Gülen.
However, the trial for the fugitive 4 defendants, who had not been caught until that time and did not come to trial, would have to be held on the run.
Fetullah Gülen, Omar Ekinci and Cemal Soncu, who were in the foreign country to ensure the inconclusive end of the trial, have decided to put all property assets under the "Criminal Procedure Code (CMC)."
The court's decision included immovable, land-seafood and air transport vehicles in Turkey, land-sea and air transport vehicles, all rights and money, company contributions, rental casualties and bank accounts.
Hussein Guby: Gülen's demolition hinges on the collapse of 3 a.m.
Commenting on the coup attempt by FETBC, Huseyin Gülani made spectacular statements.
According to Huseyin Gülani's statements, he said:
I was able to "diagnose" the issue in the last 5-6 months, as they would attempt to take part in the coup, but can't do it within the chain of command, "he wrote.
I didn't know two things; the first is widespread and deep, for example, the 8-year command officer of the Gendarmerie General, and Mr President's yavers.
Mr President is the most struggling person, how they pay attention to his identity, but the most important feature of them is an unprecedented privacy.
A lot of swimmers.
"It is not the job that a pensioner can do like this FETBC," one of the most important evidence of his testimony is that it is such a deep mixture.
He receives support from the CIA.
The CIA has taken a very early hand in this person.
In 2014, Mahmut Ovur said he met Fuat East and Fetullah Gülen at the home of Vehbi Koc in 1971.
Most of the time, he says, people interested in these jobs are the closest to relations between MIT and the CIA.
The United States paid the salary of our armed forces personnel, and one man came out after they didn't remember them.
We learn when we learn it, in 2014.
After this writing of Mahmut Bey, there was no explanation denying it.
Adil orphans, for example, not caught in a row?
Yeah, that's wondering.
The man went to Pensilvania for 2 times in the last 25 days before the coup, and returned 2 days ago.
The fair orphans have gone home for 109 times since 2002.
When you bring all these together, it should be a study of the castle; from March 1999, when all of those fleeing, Fetullah Gülen went to the United States, it should be a study.
Hopefully, it took an opportunity to go to Pensilvania.
But the real contact with the CIA can be detected from whistleblowers; it was a lot of people sent to the United States, especially in the security of people who need to rise through the police.
WikiLeaks documents; Gülen is an association, and this association makes joint meetings with the CIA.
More than 15 years ago, the CIA has been working to show those connections in pains.
Fuat Avni is an intelligence pool in Pensilvania and I was 2 years ago.
The man, who works at the prime minister, works for Fuat Avni.
But the bad thing is that this information also fell to the CIA as it fell to Pensilvania.
The demolition of Gülen depends on the collapse of three automobiles; one was a friendly link, and there are those who are very deep hypnotics, but even the coup attempt is still Erdogan's film.
I was three feet away, or a base support.
The fact that the questions were stolen, thief, Kul right, is very shaken by that base support.
The other two feet; political support, international support.
International support is still available.
The only thing to break political support is the certification that Baykal and MHP executives are pulled out by FETBC.
After 15 July, "FETBC" uses Mr Kilicdaroglu, which opened everyone's eyes.
Gülen has such a number, "I don't, I don't do it."
In my burns, "yahu Hussein Bey, these girls get a lot of dreams, they send me, I have banned me anymore, because it's not right to get Amel with the dream."
A voice registration had fallen, the person who spoke at that voice enrollment: The person Barbaros Kocakurt: Hockey friends have seen a dream, and Peygambert tweets.
1 police killed in Nusaybin
According to information, the armoured vehicle at the Selahaddin Eyyubi Mahalla was fired by terrorists with long-naming weapons by terrorists.
A police officer was killed in the first fire, and a police officer was injured.
Two terrorists were interrupted in a shootout after police responded.
The injured police were taken to the Nusaybin State Hospital.
An operation is under way in the region.
TV publishers not plotting plotters
Private television, which has a significant share in preventing the coup attempt on 15 July night, has continued to live thanks to a technical staff resisting heroic resistance to plotters in Turksat.
That hero Asim Akkaya...
"I took everything from the helicopter to think that my friends were killed," Akkaya said.
They asked me to impose weapons and cut publications.
I just covered local TV.
Then I approached them to move away from the building, saying we need to go to the kitchens.
I spent up to 20 minutes in the stretch where the Antens were.
"I cut some nights again, but I didn't touch the publications," he said.
When Darbeciler failed to cut the publicity at Turksat, Samanway brought the experts of TV.
These terrorists were captured by police who arrived 3 minutes before the incident.
Darbeciler understands that TV publications that came to them about 1 hours after they returned to the building, and that moment came to the neck of the death, Akkaya said.
I took over the dinner at 8am that night.
The orbit has embarrassed us.
I was a friend for e-state and the electricity system.
By the time we met to drink for tea, like 21.00, there were helicopters from our supermarket.
There were a few air installations that were still quietly flying around the helicopter.
We saw the Isis.
It was probably the unmanned air vehicle to be able to look.
They were flown out of Helipcopteries.
I'm 11 years old, I'm looking for a nightmare because I've seen such a close flight for the first time.
Then an inquest started.
As we look at the reports, we learned that the bridge was closed.
At the time, our general manager was instructed to come to the building with friends who were not at the time in safety.
We learned that the packages of all publications in the TRT were dropped as they go to the nightmare to obtain information.
For 5 minutes, TRT publications were cut.
TRT was the main customer, but I couldn't reach it.
Our control station said the TRT publicity came back and the statement began to be read.
Our deputy chief executive, Halil Yescovimen, asked the general governor to cut off the publicity of TRT publications.
The TRT has started working to cut the publication because it has a wide broadcast from 3 channels.
Just before, we had heard that Prime Minister Binali Yildirim was' screaming '.
Our governor's' TRT 'warrant puts us in a bit of resistance psychology.
We cut the TRT, and after a while, we heard the helicopter voice.
We went out, the helicopter, which fell to the nightmare, fired everywhere, and everyone fell apart.
We were hiding in a building on the back side.
We have a total of 12 people.
From a successive helicopter, soldiers drink.
A couple of friends caught up the soldiers.
We are also exposed to not leaving them alone.
At that time, I saw our deputy chief executive and saw the knee collapse.
The soldiers were talking about themselves.
'i just shot one of them, it was one of those who were afraid.
And then they put all of us in the room.
They started shouting, 'What are the commanders responsible, I will never ask again.'
'When we hit one, 'style speeches said:' We don't have the news from the Members but there was no instruction, 'TRT is certain'.
I mean, there's a resistance.
I felt like I was giving up my own cannabis.
I said 'me'.
I woke up without knowing what to do at that moment.
What I only thought was that the helicopter had opened fire to my friends in my nightmare.
Nizamiyede thought 10-15 friends were killed, and a comfort collapsed on the screen when he thought 'they'll kill us at the end.'
We will cut all the publications except the commander in the early 1990s. '
The local channels go to satellite, and we have a section of the system we are monitoring.
We are pedestrians from 200 local channels from the ocean.
My mind came in that room.
There was no national broadcast.
If I cut them and say that all of them have been cut, at least until then, the support will be provided by the exclusion of support.
Or I will be expenditure until it goes.
We were recognized that we couldn't get out of the end.
I said, 'I'm going to cut it.
I cut the annoyance of one of the local canal packages.
I cut the power wedding to the monitors that we can watch national channels.
So it was the temperature that there was no signal in all screens.
I told me I should go to the antens so that it can be completely cut.
He rushed to me with two assists.
I opened the anten room, one of the soldiers was' organized '.
He was on my weapon.
If you're going to cut it all except the TRT, there will be no one, I will eventually hit one of your drinks at the end, that's what will happen to you, 'he said.
I said, 'I would all be frozen in that comfort because I was now going through the cannabis, but I didn't say anything else.
We entered the stronghold, to vote and cut local publications.
We went through the other antene.
At the time, a system for close to 20 national channels has flourished.
About 20 monitors have been divorced by local channels.
Rabbim has helped us so that we have not been forced to answer and have tied their baseball.
They believe in the answers.
Ustelesters.
It was comfortable with us.
After getting out of the antenne, they were asked to replace the trainer.
'i don't know, I was a publicist, 'What do you have an electrician?'
'There's no electronics after the dinner, I've got a team income if you are.
In fact, he was an electrician at the time.
It came to my mind that I didn't cut Cyprus publications.
I was thinking to cut them in order to play the soldiers.
They were somewhat relieved because they thought the publications were cut.
They didn't mentor to look at the publications.
The group is now on hold.
About an hour later, when he opened TV at the waiting hall, they saw A News publicity.
He is a soldier.
'Command didn't cut A News publicity, 'he said.
We're in the eye with the body.
'It's awesome, 'he said.
I walked.
A soldier at the time said: 'There are still ongoing publications.'
'We have channels that broadcast in Cyprus'.
'We are broadcasting through Cyprus, we can't do something to them.
"Then, after concentrating with someone, we all walked up and walked up," he said.
Darbeciler fled the minibus from Turksat.
I saw the photographs that took me to the toilet and that the soldier who gave the water was executed in the seat of that minibus.
They were shot 3 times and were shot from the burns and burns.
My friends confirmed that he was the same soldier.
They were speaking to that conscription in our burns.
It was probably the end of his assassination.
They may have executed him to get out of it.
According to Asim Akkaya's statements, the first police team from Turksat came from the Shadow.
Police crews went to the countryside, where transcripts were tarnished, returning to the countryside and taking ammunition.
They went back 40 minutes later.
When police crews arrived, Turksat didn't see anyone in his foreign nightmare.
Describing that the so-called specialist people who were sent to the Samanway TV just 3-4 minutes later, Akkaya said: 'The police teams have called us insiders, we have Turksat staff, we need to get urgent. "
"The police ID problem is hugely shaken, four of them were grabbed on their phones and they were 'caught' by the contents," he said.
After Yenikapi, the soul of the Mountains
The EC Party will introduce a broad delegation to Diyarbakir, Van and Mardin at the beginning of September, with a broad delegation of businessmen, artists, athletes and believers to establish "complacency" with citizens in the region.
In the wake of the bloody coup attempt by the FETBC / PDY, the EC Party is preparing to bring the "Yenikapi soul" to Diyarbakir after a bloody coup attempt.
Representatives of the CHP and MHP will also be invited to the charity campaign, which will be held in Eastern and Southeast Anatolia, ahead of the sacrifice Day.
The EC Party, which will deliver a message to the people of the region with "state and nation," will help poor families and their needs.
The latest MYK meeting of the EC Party was focused on the first-time Gonul Bridge Project in Ramadan.
The meeting, considered the positive results of the project, which has been affected by terrorism in the region, and the positive results of the project for young people and children, was decided to continue at the Eid al-Adha of Gonul.
He started work as head of the Civil Society Public Relations Chairman Mehmet Muezzinoglu.
In addition, 12 towns in Eastern and Southeast Europe will meet in Diyarbakir, Mardin and Van.
Meetings will be held before the holiday in these 3 provinces.
The event will also include businessmen, artists, athletes and believers.
These meetings will focus on the organization of help and work.
The delegations, also known as the victims' Day, will bring the aid to citizens personally.
Teenagers and children will be given holiday tuition, and school needs will go out that way, as post-holiday schools are opened.
The recipients will be sacrificed.
After 15 July, the national union of unity between the EC Party, CHP and MHP, which opposes a coup, will be reflected in this project.
Representatives of the CHP and MHP mayors, including the project, will also be invited to organizations.
3 parties will conduct the assistance activities together.
As in Yenikapi, it is thought the HDP will not be invited.
The mother-in-law of "fair orphans"
FETBC's mother-in-law, which was shown as a 1-point lead in the 15 July coup attempt, was detained and transferred to the administrator.
Kayppeder Cevat Yildirim and mother-in-law Hatice Yildirim were released on condition of a criminal control and non-home exit ban.
Speaking at the courthouse, Cevat Yildirim called for the dad to surrender, saying: "I am in the hands of the state."
Versus the plotters' God belt.
My knowledge is that I can actually recognise the Adil orphans, which I have known for 18 years.
I don't have a fair occurrence.
I want to catch up quickly.
That way, he can live in Turkey, nor live in the world.
You can rely on Turkish justice.
If they make mistakes, they are punished.
It hurts us with the escape.
Unfortunately, the state, unfortunately.
For 20-25 days, police are not dealing with another job.
Turkey does not want Turkey to return to Syria, Yildirim said, adding that "we need work, not a coup."
We don't want Turkey to go and be like Syria.
Syria had a neighbour like Turkey.
There is a president like Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
"It would be our job with our coup," he said.
On the other hand, the most recent transcript was surrounded by the tem Highway Access at 03pm on July 19th, after leaving the 'Sir' plates' vehicle to the garage of her mother's home.
FETBC operation in college: 30 custody
The Fetullahman was pronounced wedding for the operation this morning as part of an investigation in Izmir on a university consultation.
The operation, conducted at the Izmir killers Challenge in Izmir by the Izmir Ministerial Criminals Directorate, was detained on 30 of the 40 suspected members of the university who had been sentenced to custody.
Professors are among those detained in the operation with the order of the Izmir State Prosecutor's Office.
The detained names were questioned at the Mali Sheriff's Directorate for Infrastructure.
Other names are under way.
Detained prosecutor rushed to suicide
According to information, County Police Chief crews sought to detain Virancity Republican Prosecutor Ahmet Fishne as part of the investigation.
On top of that, Fishne claimed he would commit suicide by dying on his weapon.
Fishne was persuaded by his overtime friends and his wife who came to the courthouse and walked out of suicide.
The detained Fishne was taken to the County Police Directorate.
Smoking ban in park, sports
During a signature ceremony at the Sheikh Edebali Cultural and Congressional Centre, Bilecik Mayor Selim Yagci said the Municipal Assembly's decision included a provision on the lack of smoking in parking, sports and playgrounds.
He reminds them that they met in a bid to sign protocol with all public institution executives for the future of new generations, and apologised for the prototype for children and teenagers.
City Health Director Yasin Yilmaz reported that the protocols aim to stop smoking and remove young people from bad habits.
Following the conversations, Mayor Yagci, Sheikh Edebali University Rector, Prof. Dr. Ibrahim Tais, City National Education Director Virtue Durkin, City Health Director Yilmaz, City Public Health Director Omer Balci, Public hospitals Secretary-General Serkan Kadir Keskin and the Yesilay Association Bilecic Photo signed the protocol.
Transcript in Ergenekon, FETs kill
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office is investigating the role of FETBC in the cannabis death of Special Movement Director Behgjet Oktay, who closed the file "suicide" in 2009.
Oktay's former Police Intelligence Agency President Ramadan Akyurek, who was fake with Oktay's fake name to the Hezbollah Terrorism Organisation, 6 days before he died, is the chief suspect in the investigation.
Some of the insurgents seized under the Ergenekon probe say they were stolen from the Private FETBC team from the Office of the Special Movement, and that Oktay was killed because he detected.
"Suicide" was the death of Behgjet Oktay, head of the era's Special Movement for Special Movement, which was shot in Ankara on 25 February 2009.
However, there were several questions.
A murder investigation has been launched this time after 2 years as a result of the legal battle and revelations made by his family and family attorneys.
Oktay, who was Solak, was on the pistol right hand, said to have hit him.
They were also detected in the nightmare benches and darp tracks in his body.
The case for the murder investigation opened in May of 2012.
In the murder case, he was judged for Halil breathtaking, which was found at the time of his death and was incorporated in his hands.
At the end of the breathtaking trial, he was acquitted.
Nurhan Pazder, who was in prison for another crime, sent a letter to the prosecutor, who said he was involved in Oktay's death and was sentenced to 6 months in prison for "taking a crime and burning criminal authorities."
He SAVCILAR SORUShTURULSUN
Meanwhile, "suicide," the prosecutor, Huseyin Yalcin, retired, while Mustafa, who is investigating the murder investigation, was promoted to the Republicans.
The Oktay family wants to investigate autopsy prosecutor Nihat Yildirim, along with those prosecutors.
Family lawyers with Behgjet Oktay's sister, Shule Oktay and his brother, decent Oktay, have filed several requests for the trial.
The family, who said it is not possible to kill Oktay's private-educated Oktay alone, has asked for an expansion of the investigation.
The family, who said it was supportive of the incident, requested the detection and trial of police officers, Huseyin Yalcin and Mustafa Behgjet Oktay, who wanted to close the Behgjet Oktay file as a suicide.
All the family's demands were rejected, with Oktay revealing that "Abdurrahman Down," a member of the Hezbollah Terrorism Organisation, 6 days before he died.
According to the listings, the period was established by the President of the Police Intelligence Agency, Ramadan Akyurek.
The Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office, which retook the Behgjet Oktay file on this development, began studying the fingerprint of the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation (FETBC) in the murder.
The trial at the Ankara Serious Criminal Court on Oktay's illegal relaxation will begin on 19 September.
Behind, TABII KK FETBC
The Oktay family, who discussed the morning, are hopeful of the current investigation.
Family members say it is exploiting the fingerprint of FETBC in the murder, during an earlier inquiry and trial.
"This murder actually came to the lake," sister Shule Oktay said.
We were not algorithm.
Before I was killed, she said, 'What do you eat?'
I said, 'Kim.
He then pointed to FETBC.
I thought he would be sacked.
I never brought my death to my mind.
Of course, there are FETs, of course.
"The time management was in the hands of them," he said.
Man searched for teenager's family, joins the duck
When President Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke to citizens at the Presidential Presidential garden, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan also searched the family of pro-democracy Omar Can Mavili, after addressing citizens at the Presidential Presidential garden.
When they prayed for his son at 01.30am, father Fahrettin said, "Mr presidents joined the ducks."
"I said that our country and its health are important for us," he said.
'SANLININIZ 'MIMC ICIN ONEMLOK
President Erdogan addressed citizens outside the Presidential culprit in the previous evening.
Erdogan met with some citizens in Cullija after his speech that ended in the midnight.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who walked into the hands of an elderly teenager who came to democracy, was the only single chat with citizens, he was interested in children, and thanked the citizens for their sacrifices.
Erdogan later searched the father of Fahrettin, the father of Omar Can, whose AK Party Sinop MP Nazim Mavili, on 15 July.
Omar Can, 21, a student at TOBB University Law School, who was shot in front of the presidential culprit, said he was looking for President Erdogan when he prayed for his son and marriage at 01.30am, adding: "When I said we were praying for my son, Mr presidents joined the ducks."
I said that our country and its health are very important for us.
"We were very happy with the search of our Mr President and praying on the phone," he said.
FETBC 'pyramid' in place
26 FETs were arrested in Izmir Urla.
Among those arrested are Liberation Naip Hepyalglu, who threatened the victims' statements as "trustees" and Zorba, who threatened to end the subscription of the Zaman newspaper.
In Ushak, 20 abductors of the FETBC have been arrested.
In Bursa, 24 people were transferred to the court, including former Bursa Police Chief Ali Osman Kahya.
Doctor Imami TUTUKLANDI
Aydin Tunbel, the imam responsible for the organisation's doctors in Edirne, was arrested.
A 14-year-old professor at the University of Denizli Pamukkale was detained at the University of Alanya Alaaddin Keycubat, 2 a.m. at the University of Karabuk and FETBC in Rize.
In Diyarbakir, 8 consultants and prosecutors and 2 vice-presidents and 2 skiers have been detained.
One of the recipients was learned that the detention process was held in the courtroom.
The governor of the governor, Sener Ages, was suspended in Batman.
Of the 465 police suspended in the Istanbul Emintent, 2 police officers were arrested.
Naim S. was arrested at 51 in Konya, 14 in Kayseri, 14 in Malatya and 10 police in Siirt.
The traitor that hit the public is protecting the PKK
Turkey, which has struggled to finish PKK terrorism for more than four years, has begun to face the day when it failed to destroy the organisation's leaders in this fight.
The militants of FETBC, which leaked Turkey's critical institutions, have worked to link Turkey's hand.
Today, at this point, the Murder of Hrant Dink began to emerge with serious doubts and evidence that FETBC was behind critical incidents such as the reduction of the Russian plane.
HAININ FMP CILK, very KABARIK
During the 15 July coup attempt, the death of President Tayyip Erdogan's hotel in Marmaris and the FETBC's Brigadier Brigadier General Gokhan Sahin Sönmezgrad's record was high.
Earlier, Sönmezfire was set to have been reported to terrorists while airstrikes on the PKK were airlifted.
Research by the intelligence units also found that Gokhan Söngrazer's record was high.
TERORISTLERK
It also raised the leaking of intelligence to the PKK, as well as that Turkish warplanes have not fully hit the targets set.
MIT's terrorist organisation in Kandil at the Kandil foot for the leader of the PKK was allegedly distraught by Gokhan Söngrad and prevented the shooting of targets.
With Republicans being replaced, the PKK's leading warplanes to destroy the leader of the PKK have hit places on the side side of the targets, as well as the leaders of the terrorist group.
The Intelligence review found that Söngrad played a key role in surviving both targets and fleeing PKK terrorists without availability of the F-16s.
37,000 officers' file opens
A restructuring process was launched in the TSK and the National Defense Ministry in the TSK after terrorist chief Fetullah Gülen criticized the coup attempt.
A comprehensive cleaning process has been launched, especially when the expenditure for military listings was stolen by FETBC, delivering military students who were not members of the organisation and sent from schools.
About 37,000 officers have been recovered from 39,287 officers, while the cleanup for the general and supervisors will be carried out for those officers.
For that, consecutive promotions will be frozen, especially from lieutenants to the colonel's insignia.
A comprehensive investigation will be completed before the incident.
The 37,000 officers' file was only opened.
A Forty-yard study and soldiers from FETBC will be discovered.
The officers, who have no relationship with FETBC, will continue their duties.
The army said the fight will continue until the last FETBC was cleaned, but the terrifying of officers will be raised only after the investigation.
The investigation is being conducted by the MIT, Police Intelligence and the State Auditor-General.
The inquiry is being investigated by officers who opened the file or finishing the cadet, and the promotions they receive, the locations and commanders they serve.
It will also be investigated by a study that clarifies whether they are a member of FETBC, even via tertips.
Any measures will be taken to ensure that officers who have no connection with FETBC will not be negatively affected by the process.
If the slightest doubt is found, that officer will be immediately suspended and transferred to the judiciary.
Those who have been linked to FETBC will immediately cut information and documents from the military with the army.
While promotions are frozen during all these transactions, the review will be deepened.
Measures will also be taken to ensure that there are no vacancies in post-conventional admissions.
FETBC can return from the TSK from the TSK and return to the same self-rights professions with discrepancies and touchdowns after they want a security investigation if they want.
2 IN 133 officer Ihrac EDILDK
The Chief of General Staff announced the TSK's number of staff as 39,287 officers on July 1st.
He was a member of the Black, Air and Marine forces, the majority of the 32,289 staff in the officer's class, which consists of men, swimmers, buildings, wounds and colonies.
However, in the first wave in the first wave on July 27th, 726 were sacked in the Black Sea, 314 of them Air and 59 in the Deniz force.
In the July 31st resolution, 125 were interrupted with the TSK with more than 1,304 officers, including 909 from the Gendarmerie General Command.
Transcript: Turnjuni poisoned FETBC
Pensioner Tahsin Prevanoglu, the founder of the MHP founder and head of the first leader, Alparslan Turnachi, said he was killed in poisoning, and that one of the family is co-operating with FETBC.
"I did not tell anybody until now, but I had to speak after Muhsin Yazicioglu's helicopter and told him that the same soldier was inside the plotters to kill our President," he said.
Here's what Turner's protection says:
We went to Germany in 1997.
Just 3 days before we arrived, we got to check-up.
Check up, 33-year-old Burdurlu doctor Fikret said: "18 are young gigs."
"Nothing is happening," he said.
This doctor died of a heart attack 1 months later.
We returned to Ankara on April 3rd.
The wheat went to Amasya.
They searched me when they arrived, and they went to a noise in Ankara Hilton.
After getting out of the neck, the Turnbury driver told Alparslan that "Arka is hungry."
The survivors were unbelievable.
When they open the glass, a voice is coming.
First, they had a heart massage, electro at the Cankaya Medical Center, but it was finished.
We took it to the Bailey Medical Center, but the job was laid off.
I think someone from the family was poisoned in Amasia.
No autopsy was made.
His ex-wife, Seval Turnjaki, made statements that would have heard my disturbance and rhetoric, saying "Turner was killed."
The human feth-i cake is commissioned, it will open the tomb.
They've got a heart attack.
His tomb should be reopened.
Was Alparslan Turner killed?
They were arrested while kidnapping gold to Pensilvania!
The operation against businessmen from FETBC / PDY in Izmir was seized during shipments to Pensilvania, weighing 1.5 kg of weights.
During the operation, there were more than 30kg of gold that had been waited for Pensilvania to be kidnapped.
A total of 3 people have been arrested and sent to prison after the shootings, which were set to be sent to Pensilvania, where businessman Mehmet Eldem was found in the workplace Eldem Kouyutini.
At the same time, businessmen who were detained in the operation under the investigation in Izmir were arrested by Mustafa Ozlani, Ezel Selek and Resul Electric.
The Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit Transit and Resul Transit were detained during an operation by the Izmir City Police Directorate's Directorate for Communication and Businessmen (ESIDEF) on 29 July.
While trying to flee Kyrgyzstan, ESIDEF President Ozland, who was captured at the Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport, was the son of Fetullah Gülen's first fixture delegation, and FETBC was one of the most important figures in the Aegean District.
Other businessmen who were detained for allegedly providing financial resources to FETBC were reported to have been confiscated from the 5 fuel stations owned by Ezel and Resul Selek.
1 hour, the vehicle crashed and robbed 3 pounds
The incident occurred last night in Kartal.
Two men, who arrived in Kartal with the vehicles they exploded, took another 300 metres to another gas station after a gas station on the side, and then another station on the side of the side was robbed.
Following a post-robbery alarm, Kartal police quickly detected the suspects and attempted to capture.
Police crews received the instrumental vehicle used by the C.A. and the U.A.
The suspects, who began to flee the vehicle used by the Kartal square on the road, also fired the police at this time.
One of the hospitalized transcripts in the pedestrian has been caught on transferring over the Defense Boulevard.
Police arrested the second indictee as soon as possible, with information from the C.C.
They were arrested and sent to prison after their work at the Kartal Police Bureau.
Meanwhile, the masked robbery was recorded by cameras.
In footage reflected on the security cameras of the petrol station, he first entered the gas station, switching the masks in the outside vehicle and entering the brands by taking their weapons.
The first indictee to enter Markete is grappling before the market worker.
The man, who pulled out of the Market employee's attacker, walks into a mask and gun as he calls him to the other person's café.
After suffering his weapon, he surrounded the 6,200 lira in the tape after being ineffective.
In the top searches of the indictees, about 15,000 lira, which they extorted from 3 stations, seized an unregistered weapon and the vehicle they again exploded.
7.2 magnitude earthquake in big Okyanus
The US Jeological Research Center (USGS) said the central base was recorded in 10 miles of the quake, 109 miles east of the New Kaledonian Island.
A tsunami warning after the quake, which has not caused the loss of lives and goods, was cancelled shortly after.
There is often a quake in Vanuatu, which is part of the "Pacific Avenue" seismic generation.
Prayer prayer prayed from the coup
Relatives of Cetin Can, 38, who died at Bogazici Bridge on 15 July night, kept their metaphor.
His wife, Fatma Can, said his wife, who had not yet reported a coup attempt on that night, said he had learned the "prayer of the site" in Shevval, giving him a prayer at the house, allowing him to take this prayer.
In the wake of Namazin, Fatma Can told reporters that they were watching television news and learned the coup attempt.
We've got to prepare and get together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people waiting there.
As soon as the bridge becomes a member, the tank opened fire 2 times.
We got sick, then we continued walking into the tank giddy.
There was a point where a big bus stranded on the bridge.
It was a lot of strangers.
We stopped there for a while, we waited.
We thought what to do when they failed to move forward.
He asked us to pass through the side lane.
I'm predicting a sniper on the side of the lane, we had an open target and he was shot there.
After 4 hours after making a thorny prayer, he prayed that prayer and died.
There was no news from the coup.
An episode of God...
Yeah, God, it's God.
My wife had previously described "a tree that gives fruit to my grave if I die."
I have carried out this dilemma by planting the erical tree of the cemetery.
Fatma Can said he was gratitude for President Erdogan to visit them, saying, "Allah, you have to settle."
Cabin and bone pieces were found in the facility's crash!
According to the information, faculty Mahalley in Cankaya, at around 8pm, picked up bone pieces of land during the work of the business machinery to drink electrical facilities.
Employees and residents of the neighbourhood reported the situation to the police.
Police crews have been transferred instead of the incident.
Police, who saw 3 caffeine and bone fragments during the work of business machines, reported the scene to review teams.
Following the work of the scene review teams, bone pieces were taken to bags and taken to a forensic institution.
The neighborhood claimed there was an old cemetery where the fragments of the bones were found, the 1960s had been dwindled over the cemetery in the 1960s, and later the dwellings were demolished.
An investigation is under way.
The return of Rita's killer could take 4 months
German hairdresser Rita dari Winkler, a German hairdresser Rita dari Winkler, who was found in Germany 34 days after his loss in Istanbul, was arrested in Germany 4 months later, and his extradition to Turkey could take 4 months.
Winkler arrived in Turkey on Thursday (March 3rd) to meet her boyfriend Ali Kemal S. (46).
After meeting with Ali Kemal S. in Istanbul Pendik, he was expected to return to Germany on Wednesday (March 9th) morning.
The research, conducted by the Istanbul Emintent on the missing tip of his family, was concentrated on his boyfriend Ali Kemal S., who was married to Winkler's home.
Muge Anli, who was posted on the screens on April 13, arrived at the Tattoo Sert Program with Ali Kemal S., who belonged to his brother Hussein S., in the workplace that was found in the Shadow.
There has been a search for work on the workplace.
Winkler's body was found buried on the basis of his business location.
His brother, Huseyin S. (42), who was assessed to have assisted Ali Kemal S. for the murder, was arrested, and his brother, Huseyin S. (42), was arrested.
The suspect, Ali Kemal S., went missing in Germany, where Winkler's body was found.
Hamm State reported that Ali Kemal S., wanted by Interpol in 190 countries, was captured on the street and was not resisting police.
The German Prosecutor's Office has said that he has not yet identified where he is hiding so far, while the extradition process to Turkey could take up to 4 months.
FETBC reported that the plotters were fired on the mosque on 15 July night to silence the salad from the windows across the Automobile base.
In the morning, the footage of an attack on TAK TUSAS Cameri, the closest mosque to the Akth base, reached a statement of the mosque's imam during a shifting statement "on behalf of the buttons."
According to the information, the plotters began shooting at the mosque by targeting a direct hopeless from about 50m meals shortly after they started reading the Sala.
One of the occupants hit the kitchen of the hopeless and hit the lane.
When Darbeciler hopefully failed to hit the hit, he was read until the end of the Sala, which was given to the center system.
According to the mainland of the incident, plots, who broke the door of the mosque with the intention of killing the imam, were circulated inside their postcards.
"I don't have an injury, but I do not want to shoot even the mosque, and I want the people who have killed the Kazan people in the most severe way," mosque Imail Mustafa Seker said in a statement.
Festival killed young people with drugs
2 of the 5 people who were hospitalized at the youth festival in Istanbul Sariyer last week.
According to information, 5 of those attending a youth festival in Bahrakoy on August 6th were hospitalized and taken to hospital.
Under the treatment, Tugay Ergin (19) and Gokhan Alatas (19) died.
The treatment of 3 people is under way.
Police have detained 5 people who suggested they were selling drug hap to the teenager who attended the festival.
Of the 5 suspects transferred to the administrator after the Emintency proceedings, 3 were arrested and 2 were released for detention.
Research on the cause of death is continuing.
Two of the 6 young people who picked up tents on the coast in Burhanije, Fisherman, surrounded two of the 6 young people who used drugs.
B.D., who was taken to hospital, and G.C. died.
The other 4 teenagers were taken to the police manager for comment after their treatment.
Bomb exploded in front of his wife's home
M.Y., a 41-year-old M.Y. resident who lives in Bursa, had his own effort in front of the house in front of his wife who left the house about 8-9 months ago, filling her nail and nailed.
Due to the explosion in the evening of yesterday, residents experienced fear and panic, withdrawing and nail pieces in the driveway, disrupting the windows of many houses.
Counter-terrorism crews began working to capture M.Y, who escaped after the incident and was unemployed.
The neighborhood said the woman had left the house about a month ago due to pressure from his wife.
Explosions in Philippines: 10 dead
Senior inspector Xavier left, a spokesman for the Bureau of prison Management and Penology, said two of the Chinese citizens died in the blast, which was not yet determined because of the cause at the Paranaque Happy in Manila.
"We confirmed that the initial review was an explosion inside," said the left, who said a guard was seriously injured in the blast.
"The research on the cause of the blast continues," he said.
Prior to the incident, he said the inmates had been examined by reports that they wanted to meet with gardens when they learned they would be sent to another building, and said investigators were investigating whether the explosion was part of an escape attempt.
Police official Jose Carumba said in a statement to local media that the guardian fired prisoners after he heard a gun voice, adding that a hand bump was exploded over it.
Curumba noted that authorities were investigating how the inmates who hit the guard, as well as the weapon in the weapon, were being investigated.
Explosions in Thailand
The blasts in 4 cities south of Thailand have killed 3 people.
The blasts in Trang, Hua hin, Surat Thani and Phuket killed 3 people and injured 35 people, including tourists, officials said.
Police spokesman Piyapan Phingmuang said at a news conference that the bombings were not linked to terrorism.
"Thailand has no regional or religious problem with anyone," Phingmuang said.
"We thought it was an act of internal sabotage," he said.
Junta leader Prayut can-oça told reporters he did not want to comment on who was behind the explosions.
"We should focus on ensuring calm, peace and confidence," Oça said.
Twenty people were killed and 120 injured in a bomb attack near the Erawan Temple in Bangkok's commercial centre, Rajprasong, on 17 August last year.
"Sleeping Zalim" to be executed on toxic imagination
A death penalty was given to Lonnie David Franklin, 63, who was arrested for "Grim Sleeper," which was arrested for at least 10 murders in the United States over the years.
Franklin, a former cleaner worker, was able to target life women and drug addicts in their killings.
Recognizing Franklin, Kathleen Kennedy told him: "I have never seen in my new life as a monstrous and so many brutal offences like Sallow."
Franklin is one of the most bloody killers in California's history.
It was learned that Franklin, who was convicted of deliberately killing 10 people and charged in attempted murder of a person, would be executed on toxic.
Measures against FETBC in Macedonia
Macedonian State Minister Furkan Chako said that FETBC has taken steps to reveal the legal direction of their extension in their country and to launch the necessary investigations.
"All this is known in public opinion," said Minister Cako, who remembered the organisation's activities in Macedonia and also in the media and business world.
Turks here don't give their children no longer FETBC schools.
And we are calling for our people not to travel to their children anymore.
"This structure, which has previously taken advantage of the hospitality and hospitality of the public, is well-known by the public," he said.
Sky meteor rainfall to perform
Dr. Hasan Esenoglu, an assistant professor of TUBITAK National Observatory and Professor of Astronomy and Space Sciences at Istanbul University, told the AA reporter that Perseid will reach the highest level of the night, connecting Friday (August 13th) to Saturday (August 13th).
Thousands of pieces have copped the Perseid sky stone rainfall, "Swift - tuttle" with the impact of solar rays and shifts, the Esenoglu said, adding that this would turn into a natural visual death.
The Esenoglu said the Perseid skirt was discovered in 1862 for the first time, and starting in the 1990s, the world was re-spectacular.
Noting that the Perseid sky stone rainfall could be monitored in July and August, Esenoglu said: "We need to be interested in watching such a visual shower from this month."
After all, this is a natural visual death.
"The universe will contribute to our better recognition," he said.
Shoot to the red, temperature and make white light hair
The Esenoglu noted that some of the copy pieces during the skin stone rainfall would fall into the body's size.
Perseid drones could be up to 2,000 centimetres.
Due to warming and surroundings in the atmosphere, the Perseiders are stuck in the natural environment and shed light on the white colours.
Science can be contributed to science by writing how many of the international Gokstone Organization's website is shown.
This data carries the value of information because the world is gathering everywhere.
Watch the whole night
Reminding that the skin stone was about 60 miles away in the seconds, Esenoglu said that this visual heartbreak in the sky could be monitored throughout the entire night, with little light on the northeast.
Quoting more than 100 skin stone rainfall a year, Esenoglu noted that after the Perseid sky stone rainfall, the Geminid skin stone rainfall was a devastated nature.
Little-educated, former footballer Erdogan
Deteriorating this balance was the alliances of Fetullah Gülen, a highly distinguished entrepreneur with the populist Islanders who led by little-educated former footballer Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who established scores of university and educational institutes.
A sentence from an article last week at the Foreign Policy is the transcript.
Erdogan, a college graduate, is a little-educated and former footballer; Gülen, a primary school graduate, is widely praised for the horizon, and such articles are frequently in Western media.
On the other hand, he said, "What do you come up with America and / or Western extremists in Turkey?" In themed articles, they are trying to explanate with the sentence that began with 'Cunky Erdogan...'.
It is possible to think that analysts view Turkey's Western opposition as a nevzuhur situation during Erdogan's era.
In fact, according to statistics, the first decade of Erdogan's term could be read as a period in which Western opponents in Turkey are down or on average.
Because of this decade, they also synchronised good relations with the European Union and the United States.
The fact that Erdogan has criticized Israel with 'one-minute' -- the PKK's failure to unify a clear policy of the Assad regime in Syria, and the fact that some fixtures, such as European Parliament President Schulz -- will be blocked, while the PKK's special representative, Brett McGurk, will not be able to imagine Turkey.
Hadi said that as a result of the bloody coup, we lost our 247 people and had no support for our democracy until the coup of the so-called ally, the EU states and the United States, to build peace and stability in Turkey, we have no emphasis on democracy and the elected government.
But how many leaders from the world, including 11 Charlie Hebdo workers in Paris, joined the protest rally, but how would it be forgotten to have any president from any Western country in Turkey, despite a coup attempt by 247 people who resisted tanks for democracy?
What will we expect to send a few times a year for the refugee issue, or the lower-level representatives of senior representative members?
How do we assess the fact that all EU and US ambassadors will be able to go to a visit, regardless of the fact that all EU and US ambassadors have been shattered, and how to make a solidarity visit to the Turkish Parliament of Turkey?
In the first two weeks when the coup in Egypt is remembered by the EU's high-level representative, the EU is remembered by the coup leader, when Kerry is remembered that there is no sincere in Turkey that the Western countries have expressed concern about Turkey's democracy in every opportunity.
Even if Hâlbuki is allowed to live freely in the United States, when 95% of people see the coup as responsible for the coup, it is now enough to infuriate the Turkish public.
If the backlash of the above is added to it, I think it is clear that the rising West / American opponents will not only be revealed with Erdogan.
And Erdogan has not even said that he thinks the US impact is still in the coup....
I mean, the polls have never been transmitted
"Sanders is transmitted," says Gezi, who sees his own people as "Sanders," who doesn't think like himself, and can they get the same tech after the 15 July night?
After seeing how these people have gone to the state and democracy, they are asking, "What are we wrong?"
But what questions are they supposed to answer?
From the world to become a traitor, officers who served in various levels and allowed them to use the state's weapons are now recognized to enter a "traitor" status and seek asylum from foreign states.
We should see how we live in an atmosphere of mental congestion, and transferring people to behavior that would describe people as devastated.
When the sullied masterminds come to the Darbe initiative...
Was it a vibrant view of Turkey's cities to the cities of Syria, for those who participated in this action?
What if an officer is grabbing his own country's parliament?
From the bedrooms of FETBC, we were lucky that we didn't fall into an illusion, such as waiting for suitable behavior.
But in other cases, it is not just FETs responsible for everything.
The cast, which presented politics as a fighter, kin and hate profession, also made the necessary contributions to the tragedies that have occurred.
In addition to offering themselves "Aydin," they realized that every form of non-rule behavior and even terbiotics are natural.
In the hands of people who hate their own people, we have even seen how they opened fire to this public.
The way of democracy is the way we know
I suppose it's a very simple thing: On the evening of 15 July evening in Turkey, people in Turkey switched to the FETBC briefings, 250,000 to the servicemen, and set up a lot of saving democracy.
But behind July 15th, 1992-2002; there are three times -- 2002-2012; and post-2012.
There are three changes drafted in these three times: Economic, social, political.
The social shift has created two major events: Transmitting metropolis in the rural area, and the skyscrapers are moving to the centre after a very long time being held around the cities.
I made it clear Wednesday that the move was through the metro.
I also stressed that the metro detail is the most important social change factor.
The second major change in the same name is bridges and roads.
The contribution to modernising the road and the bridge is more easily understandable.
The road income, economic and social structure is changing.
We have changed the political structure so far.
I have detected this landmark in Istanbul with bridges taken at less than the Bosphorus, and I have been pushed back.
Demirel enrolled the Bosphorus Bridge.
This was the 1960s dorm of the post-1950s wildlife movement.
Ozal continued his progress in the same direction now with the second bridge, which we changed as the 15 July Charity Bridge.
Even their road route shows the relationship between the centre and the centre.
She's a sign of how she watched a course of social change.
The makeup of Demirel and Ozal was to melt the center.
It was to take the ideology of the centre to them.
The AK Party has not made the third bridge over the years.
Because immigration has been on the whole pace.
The people were placed in satellite towns.
A slightly closed system has been created in that area.
Local executives from the EC Party gave people war, jobs, social status, and they vote for the AK Party.
They have so far been asked to learn political consciousness in the environment, and to come to the centre as' themselves' after the centre.
The formation was related to the ongoing headaches (1992-2002), ahead of the EC Party.
These debates have conceived conservative, transformational and transformational people to differentiate, not integrating with the centre.
In the wake of 2002, the EC Party acted on the method, prosecuting the audience, bringing politics to politics, maturing.
After all, they now pay attention, with the construction of the 3rd bridge, the democratic fight on July 15th is co-ordinated.
I mean, history and sociology are overwhelming.
I can add another dimension: The AK Party's move is not only limited to the Istanbul bridges.
Something more interesting: The AK Party is now integrating the surrounding cities with central cities.
This is provided through two bridges.
One, Oscar veterans' Bridge.
Two, Canakkale 1915.
Add the ways.
From Thrace to Izmir, Turkey will now reach another route.
Do you know what it was to do, and Izmir will now be a different city now.
Differently, if the AK Party did not get 'inside', Izmir will now be 'outside'.
Now, Bursa will now return to Canakkale, now Thrace cities into other human and social geography.
That's it!
The 15 July organizations are the stars of this great adventurer.
Van Persie's and joyful in Fenerbahce
Fenerbahce continued with his coach during the Grasshoppers game in the morning.
The training, which began at 10pm with coach Vitor Pereira at Bartu Test, took a total of 1 hour 30 minutes.
The players, who came to the field after a 30-minute Core injury, made 5 of 2 ball caps and bystanders to 5 with warming and warming movements.
The training was completed with double calendar matches in the narrow field.
Fenerbahce will continue his preparations with his coach in the evening today.
That person who laughed Aziz Yildirim to Gülen...
New developments are happening on Fenerbahce's match-fixing operation.
In an interview with CNN Turk, journalist Huseyin Gulen, who announced that the operation was done by FETBC, said: "A name from the Sports world, Fethullah Gülen, raised his words about St Yildirim itself."
"Yildirim made the plane one day on the plane, 'Senin Fethullah Gülen has a lot to do with it."
When they transmitted those words to Gülen, Fethullah Gülen was awarded Aziz Yildirim.
Why was it wearing Aziz Yildirim?
The head of the club, the biggest fan of Turkey, thinks this mentality could hurt him.
"The match-fixing case was used to liquidate St Yildirim."
Following those remarks, an explanation came from Faik Isik, a key lawyer of the match-fixing Case.
The opposite designer, published in Isik Haberturk, appeared in the program and announced the person who complained to Aziz Yildirim's FETBC leader, Fethullah Gülen.
Here's Faik Isik's words:
St Yildirim says something to Isan Kalkavan about Fethullah Gülen.
From Azerbaijan, the private plane.
Aziz Bey is a humiliated man, criticizing one of his criticisms and sleeping with a blanket sentence.
The battery sentence is perhaps a bit of a wing.
Some of that sentence may have reacted.
This sentence is occurring somewhere.
Havlular, himmage, such a businessman will go to the organizations, such as his pilgrimage, to Umre, but such toleration is not a job.
They are criticized, too, very badly.
The only problem is, of course, that's not the case.
Meanwhile, a football team can try.
There are direct links to some football players and managers from the Galatasaray Club, and Hakan char...
Muharrem Usta: The question of match-fixing
Trabzonsports President Muharrem Usta extended his friendship to Fenerbahce.
Noting that Turkey's issue is a matter of all clubs, Usta said: "We are on the side of this country with 79 miles."
We are not devastated.
If Fenerbahce has a problem with FETBC, if injustice was done, I will stand behind Fenerbahce.
"However, Trabzona is the subject of match-fixing between sports and Fenerbahce," he said.
Fictional prices announced
"As a unit, we established the kilogram of vibrant victims as 18 lira," Karabulut said.
"We also detected the vibrant kilogram of vibrant kilograms to 17 lira, as well as 15 lira, which we described as second-class," he said.
Noting that the animals, which will not be a victim last year, have also been put on sale, Karabulut said, explaining the need for citizens to pay attention.
It needs to be noted, especially in the livelihood of animals.
It's also very important for the animal to be healthy.
For this, they can control their vaccines in the animal's passport while they are sacrificed.
As a result of the external appearance, the victim has to be alive and alive, and has to take their feathers on it.
In the face, there should be no signs such as salia, superheroes.
We saw that the animals, who were not sacrificed in the past year, were also offered for sale and sold.
The animal, a victim, must fill the 2-year-old.
We can understand this by looking at the animal's diabetes.
It turned out to be the 'cover' of an animal that filmed the 2-year-old.
But the animals, whose age is smaller, didn't get those diabetes.
As a look, the animal can be great, but the cover may have not been taken.
It is immediately noticeable because the cover diabetes are already big compared to others.
Rize Airport to go to sea
The second airport to be built with the sea dollar in Turkey will be Rize Airport.
Rize Airport will be built on the 266-yard area between the Yesilvillage Village and the Girl Tower position, between 26 and 32 metres from the coast.
Due to the depth in the Rize airport building, the Army - about 3 times more dolphin material will be used for use at Girewater Airport.
Under the project, an apron will be built with a 45-metre and 3,000ft-long pack in which 36 planes can fly in the hour.
Rize Airport, which will generally serve passenger and cargo planes, is also expected to serve the composite class D, turbulence class, heavy, lift weight, more than 150,000 kilograms.
The first phase for the Rize Airport project, which will be held on September 8th by the Ministry of Transport Maritime and Communications, will be held in the tender for the Rize Airport project.
These jobs will cost 600m lira.
In the wake of infrastructure jobs, more than 150m lira will be spent, with high-structure jobs covering terminal buildings.
Construction of Rize Airport will be completed by 2 years to 9 months.
Motorine 8 futures hike
Fuel distributors have raised an average of 8 pounds on the litre of the motorbike, up from half this night.
An average of 8 pupils will increase in the litre of the motorbike starting on 13 August 2016, according to information from the Union of oil Products (PUIS).
According to this, a litre in Ankara will cost an average of 3.68 lira, up from 3.76 lira.
The price of the Motorway will be 3.71 lira in Istanbul, with an average of 3.63 lira and an average of 3.66 lira in Izmir.
Prices set by distribution companies can show small changes to companies and cities due to competition and certainty.
Fuel distributors rose 4 cents to the litre price of the motorcycle on Friday last week.
Here's Gulen's Galaxy footballers in speeches
Galatasians and national footballers, who have been marked by a period of Turkish football, appeared in a talk of FETBC leader Fetullah Gülen in 1996.
Among the footballers who were said to have been filmed in 1996, the footballers who listened to Fetullah Gülen, Mert Korkmaz, Okan buruk, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demeker and Yusuf Tepekule are clearly certain.
Of course, Gülen used the testimony from Galatasaray, saying "we've got 4 goals."
Said Alpsoy, known as the former football imam of FETBC, also told the morning newspaper that "Turkey was distributing to the team when it was the World third in 2002."
Emre, Okan, Hakan castle, Hakan Unsal and Arif collected money from those premiums.
The collected money was $250,000 or $500,000.
He took the money to Pensilvania to Arif Erdem.
"Gülen later said that methodologies to Arif were better."
National footballer Gülen joins the conversation!
Emel Dereli farewell to Rio
In the 2016 Rio Olympic Games athletic brands, the national athlete Emel Dereli, representing Turkey in the women's smile, failed to qualify.
In the athletic events at the Olympic Story in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, women ended up taking a smile.
The last European third, Emel Dereli, annulled 17.01 feet on the first, 16.86 metres on the second and the third attempt.
The national athlete, ranked 11th in the Series, finished 24th in the world, farewell to the Olympics, failing to win the final.
They were both the player and the sportsman!
Galatasaray Daikin, captain of the volleyball Sultans League team, extended the contract of the captain Nihan Southligil and reached an agreement with both actors and sports managers.
In a statement, the yellow-shirt club said the 34-year-old had signed the contract as both a player and sporting manager, adding: "We are sorry for his new job as a career-filled volleyball career, as well as an important character for his least career."
Nihan, who lives with Bursaspor forwards during his career, was later involved in the 75-year-old, Besiktas, Vakerbank Sun Insurance and Fenerbahce.
Nihan Southligil was awarded the Turkish Fair Play awards last season by the Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair Play and Turkey's National Olympic Committee.
Can Ayvasoglu, the national athlete of Galatasaray HDI Insurance from volleyball Effler League teams, will also serve as sports manager at the same time in his new season team.
"We have a new job in every level of Galatasaray, as well as great character owner dear Can Ayvasoglu," the yellow-shaped club said in a statement.
In table tennis, the Chinese job is final!
The 2016 Rio Olympic Games table tennis is the only men, and China's Long Ma won gold.
In the table tennis events at Riocentro in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the single men were dispatched.
Ma, who defeated fellow fellow Jike Zhang 4-0 in the final, won the gold.
The only men with Zhang's silver medal won the bronze medal for Japan's Yun Mizutani, who beat Belarisian Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the third match.
Fiji wins first medal in history
Fiji with Great Britain in the men's yacht ragbi final at the Deodoro Stane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Fiji, who beat his opponent 43-7, won the gold.
The bronze medal in the category, which was transmitted by the Great British silver medal, was South Africa, which defeated Japan 54-14.
Critical match at the Olympics: Cunny Cakir
We will be fed up in the Brazilian-Colombian game, which will be played at the 2016 Olympics in Cunny Cakir Brazilian, our FIFA comedy referee.
Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun will take over the aides of Cünheit Cakir.
The fourth right of the game will be France's Clement Turpin.
The match, which will be played at Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo, will start at 22.00 local time.
Cuneit Cakir, in the UEFA Elit Hakem category, is the ninth time in his career in the international tournament finals.
Control over 5,000 police in Istanbul!
As part of a law enforcement law "Yeditepe Huzur," in Istanbul, helicopter-assisted surveillance is being carried out by 5,000 police in 39 districts.
Istanbul Police Director Dr. Mustafa is attending a large number of police, including law enforcement, anti-narcotics crime, combating narcotics crime, combating financial crime, fighting terrorism, trafficking and organised crime, special operations, riot force and traffic crews.
Individuals wanted in control of the General Information screening (GBT) checks for suspected persons focuses on suspects carrying weapons, knees, drugs and drugs.
Maritime police in the coastline, the coastguard, also supported the practice.
The practice, which continues at the Cadikoy Solar fountain station, also contained people's GBT questions, as well as handbags and governors.
As traffic controllers are also carried out, the police helicopter is also providing support from the air.
It was learned that the practice would last until late.
Arrest warrants on social media with coup propaganda!
According to the information, the Isparta Police Directorate's Anti-Counterfeiting Directorate crews launched a study of Gokhokcu's involvement in the coup attempt by FETBC on social media and insulted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In the review, Gokhan occupyed the coup attempt and plotters of FETBC, detailing coup opponents and insults to President Erdogan, and detained the suspect in the alleged operation.
The occupant, who was transferred to the courthouse after the Emintency proceedings, was arrested.
Governor and skyscrapers detained in that city
Ushak Deputy Prime Minister Halil Ibrahim Ertekin and Karahalli Bashan, who was dismissed as part of an administrative investigation initiated by the Interior Ministry following the FETBC coup attempt, were detained by police teams in the evening.
The suspect, Ertekin and Bashan, were taken to the safe.
Very crazy words about Robert Amsterdam's FETBC!
Robert Amsterdam, an official of the Amsterdam & Partners law firm, which investigated international legal activities of the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation (FETBC), shared an article on US magazine Forbes, sharing information about how FETBC is organised.
FETBC leader Fetullah Gülen led the organization of his residence in Pensilvania, adding that Gülen was "quite clear how the approximately 150 contracted (charter) schools in the United States have been confidentially advanced organizational capabilities under the organisation."
Amsterdam said it was tasked with exploring companies and schools linked to Gülen-linked companies seven months ago, stressing that it was "shocking" by what they found so far.
In the article, Amsterdam wrote:
The Gulen organization has a stringent hierarchy that the instructions are forwarded, according to the Ifficer's information.
These instructions typically relate to the face-to-face meetings with Gülen and Poconos.
There are a seven-person management group (consultation group).
This group tracks the instructions to the consultation committee.
The instructions go from here to regional imams, the country's imams, regional imams within the country, the district imams within the country, their neighbourhood imams, pupils' imams (light homes) and students.
Businessmen, bureaucrats and officers are working at different levels according to their positions and support within the organisation.
The organisation has created 55,000 jobs worldwide and has the largest contracted school network in the United States, Amsterdam said, explaining that millions of dollars from taxes paid by American taxpayers were given to those schools every year.
Amsterdam reported that much of that money was directed by members of the organisation, and were transmitted to "elected" subcontractors.
Amsterdam explained this function with this example:
In California, Magnolia schools were arrested for $700,000 for its annual service contraction to the company, which is linked to Gülen and shared the same office.
Amsterdam showed the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma as another example.
Amsterdam noted that this school has also paid an extra $3.1 million to the property owner, and that the executives of the school and property ownership company were identified as the same people connected to Gülen.
Noting similar situations in the 46 branches of Harmony schools, which has the largest location in the Gülen network, Amsterdam said the software license for smaller companies connected to FETBC has been paid with items such as the purchase of curriculum.
Amsterdam underscored the wealthy of each other in FETBC, saying: "What I gave is that about $28 million of American taxpayers are deteriorating."
"And this is the most visible part of what we find so far," he said.
Noting that nothing has been done to prevent such incidents so far, Amsterdam recalled that the situation at the time was even worse, with all that started to explore the discrepancies of the Texsas Education Agency.
Amsterdam stressed that schools are functioning normally, but there is no information that many employees are corrupt.
"However, these schools are working like a snow machine for Gulen," Amsterdam said.
"Gülen later uses a huge amount of money for political donations in order to hide their lawless activities," he said.
According to a former American teacher who worked in these schools, Amsterdam said that some employees in the Gülen schools have held separate meetings, while a certain portion of their salaries were transmitted to the organisation. "It is believed that Gülen members in the Turkish Armed Forces are working in similar functioning."
The coup creators have strengthened their positions over the years.
"However, the army was able to collect power behind the scene of a parallel force while working normally," he wrote.
Amsterdam said of his article:
The policymakers in the United States have a question of interest in events between July 15th and 16th, and this is what is expected.
However, while the two allies are addressing the diplomatic level, they must satisfy the seriousness of US laws in Gülen's operations, in individual state bodies.
22 jurisdictions are on the run in Istanbul!
The judges and Prosecutors' Office of the Prosecutors (HSNA) learned that 22 of the 648 judges and prosecutors serving in Istanbul on 10 August 2016 were investigated for allegedly being a member of the Ankara Republican Prosecutor's Office of Fethullahist Terrorism.
A total of 648 judges and prosecutors indicted by the Istanbul Republican Prosecutor's Office on 11 August 2016 were ordered and searched about 67 of the prosecutors serving in Istanbul.
45 of the judicial members who were searched by the prosecution and in the workplace have been detained.
The 22 jurisdictions that failed to be found in the searches were learned from the escape.
It was learned that they will decide to catch up with the members of the judiciary.
Of the 45 suspects detained, 18 were reportedly transferred to the Sulh Criminal Court, demanding their arrest following their testimony at the prosecutor's office.
The searches of 22 judges and prosecutors who cannot be found in their addresses are under way.
11 arrest in Konya!
Efforts are under way to capture those who have been arrested in custody as part of the investigation.
A total of 1 teachers and 6 employees were detained at the Erewood Municipality and at the Special Merve Shahika School in Private Municipality.
The suspects, who were passed on health control at the Erebu State Hospital, were taken to the Erea Police Chief.
A ban on the street in Diyarbakir!
In a statement, the valley said the operation, which operates in the mountainous and forestry site in Lice, Silvan and Kulp, was carried out to exploit terrorists and business units, including senior organisation executives, detection and ingredients in the areas of shelter, shelter and depot.
Silvan's Dolaplos and mountaineers have reportedly concluded that the ban on the street in the villages of Lice, Cirai, Temren, Temren, Temren and Tashbridge are now under way.
The decision to ban public property and property security at the site of the operation, and the Law on the Law on 5442, was removed from 9 August to 05.00 in an effort to prevent civilian citizens from 9pm today.
The statement thanked citizens for sleeping the ban, which was introduced to ensure the safety of lives and goods.
Passenger bus crashed in Baskudar!
According to the information, the harem Coast was devastated by taking control over a passenger bus from 34-5568 plates, owned by Yilmaz E. (37), owned by a bus firm.
Police, health and firefighter crews were transferred instead of the tip.
The underlying bus was removed from the vehicle as a result of the work of firefighter crews.
An injured 3 passenger ambulances were taken to Hajdarpasha sample Education and Research Hospital.
The road was closed due to the crash, following the removal of the damaged vehicle.
The commander of the General Staff in NATO was arrested by Colonel FETBC!
Colonel Ozkan Caglayan, commander of the Joint Centre for Terrorism and Co-operation in Izmir, was arrested in Ankara on the operation against the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation (FETBC / PDY), which was detained in Ankara.
Okan Bato, the acting president of Izmir, has decided to arrest him as part of the second leg of the probe into "FETBC / PDY's restructuring within the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK)." He was detained in Ankara and brought to Izmir.
After transactions at the Izmir Police Directorate's branch of Organised Crime, Caglayan, who was passed by health control, was transferred to the court.
Following the prosecution's testimony, Caglayan, who was arrested on charges of "being a terrorist organisation" and "operating on behalf of the organisation," was arrested.
Zekeri Oz statement from Cavusoglu
"At the moment, this information is not true," Cavusoglu said, referring to allegations that Zekeriu Oz and Adil orphans were captured in Georgia.
But there are varied tips.
All are assessed.
We are in close contact with Georgian officials.
"Any detail, information, tips are meticulously evaluated," he said.
Asked whether there was any suspicion that they could be in Georgia, Cavusoglu said: "Zekeri Oz had previously fled to Georgia."
He was detected in cameras at the customs crossing.
He has the knowledge of where to go to Europe.
We realize every information that comes to us is not just for these two, but with every information about other survivors, we follow.
We will take the traces of the escape if they escape, "he said.
Asked about his meeting with Iranian counterpart Cevad Zarif, Cavusoglu said "bilateral issues were assessed."
Turkey has a lot of issues between Iran.
We struggle with political, trade, transport, energy, the fight against terrorism.
There are regional issues.
Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Gulf Zone, especially Syria.
Turkey and Iran can play an important role in solving problems in the geography that we live.
We can both agree on a lot of things.
We can both agree on a lot of issues such as Syria's territorial integrity, border integrity and the removal of DAES and other terrorist organisations in Syria, an inclusive government.
We had different ideas about Assad.
But we will continue to talk about them as always.
The truce is both familiar with the continuation of the Geneva talks.
There is no point, as long as the opinion union does not actually produce results.
"The important thing is to get results," he said.
Asked if Turkish planes would join operations in Syria, Cavusoglu said: "Our Heights went to Moscow on this issue."
"The purpose of creating these mechanisms is what steps will be taken, especially in the fight against DAES, and any incident should be taken in a coordinated way to prevent the accident," he said.
Asked about the purchase of gas with Iran, Cavusoglu said "Iran and Turkey are two brothers."
The fact that we do not make a decision is that we can agree on this on our own.
I had a bit of the site.
Before we leave, we must do these deals.
"The gas cut has been our demand for prices," he said.
Asked about the trip to America about Gülen's extradition, Cavusoglu said: "There will be a delegation from America in 22."
Meetings will take place on August 23-24.
The Justice Department is preparing the file.
If the file is ready, it will coincide with visits from the United States.
"We are coming to Washington with our Justice Secretary, and we will deliver both the files and we will discuss," he said.
Top PKK arrested in Istanbul!
A senior PKK administrator of the terrorist group was arrested in a successful operation in Istanbul.
The Istanbul Police Directorate seized the rival Associate, dubbed the 'grey list' Cigerhun, who was among the organisation's top executives and was awarded 300,000 lira.
As a result of the operation carried out by the Istanbul Terrorism Directorate's Directorate of Terrorism, the rival Islami, who was caught in an adventure in Magistani, was interrogated by police in Vatan and interrogated at the Directorate for Terrorism.
As known, Bahoz Erdal, the key name of the terrorist organisation on July 9, was killed by the assassination of Tel Hamis brigade in Syria.
Iranian Foreign Minister Gazi in Parliament!
Cavusoglu arrived in the Turkish Parliament with counterpart Zarif.
Cavusoglu and Zarif first examined the damage from Honour Hole, and later diminished the Prime Minister's Office, examining the damage.
After the visit, Zarif said:
The Turkish public has again proved that it is superior to the Turkish people and the will of the people.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has condemned the coup attempt from the first hours of the coup attempt, and in the same way it has been with the Turkish people and his government and has always been the case.
My visit to the Turkish Parliament today is a symbol that we are with the Turkish people and that we are with Turkish democracy.
13-member family caught up with bottle
The coast security crews, who were patrolling in the Musellim bowl, were involved in the illegal migrant group that opened the sea to flee Greece's Midtown Island in the morning.
Thirteen fugitives have been assigned to the same family in determining the identification.
The head of the family, Seydo Ali Ahmet, said his wife and 11 children and his other son in Germany have applied for that path to leave.
Seydo Ali Ahmet, whose organizers gave the man $700 and then wanted to travel to Germany, then fled to Germany and fled to Turkey for fear of being killed by ISID soldiers because they were Yezidi.
The illegal immigrant, who said they had a family-owned family in Iraq and knew German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French, said their work was deteriorated with the arrival of ISID, and that their only desire is to go to his son in Germany.
Fayton made the bride's car
The couple, who had the wedding merchant, attracted huge attention by making a different convoy from traditional wedding convoys.
The couple, who form a convoy with horse cars, preferred a faithful as the bride's car.
The pair, who make up the wedding convoy with about 10 horses from behind the cricket team, have attracted great interest from citizens.
Kesan took a tour in the city centre, and later went to the wedding house.
Bomber caught in cocktail
According to the information, Mehmet Ali Y., 41, of Mehmet Ali Y., left the house with her child about 9 months ago due to severe disabilities.
The unemployed, Mehmet Ali Y., arrived at the house in the town of Ulus Mahalla, where he lived with his wife and his wife, whose wife was living in his own, nail, nail and maytap.
After a while, Mehmet Ali Y., who switched the threats, plunged the bomb into the front of the house and exploded.
In the wake of the blast, the surrounding residents suffered large fear and panic, with Bilye and nails found inside the patrol, causing damage to the glass of many houses.
Residents of Mehmet Ali Y., who escaped after the incident, searched the police, suspected of circulating black clothes and backpackers in the Yavuzselim Mahalla.
Mehmet Ali Y., who saw the crews of the Yildirim County Police Directorate's Research Bureau, began to flee.
He entered the garden of a house on the Ayna Street network.
When the children noticed the news, police switched the house with long-namped weapons.
He understands that he can't escape.
As for Mehmet Ali Y. 's bag, a bomb disposal specialist was called.
Ingredients such as beloved gas, toys, maytap, broadband, tornavida, makas and nail.
Mehmet Ali Y. was taken to the police centre, while inquiries from the incident are under way.
Queensland launches Eid-Eid Campaign
The Kazim Campaign, which regulates the Eid Kesim Campaign with the goal of the quake, silences this year's holiday with the slogan "Eid fertility is a year of life."
"The victims are being transformed into conservation by complicating the purpose of the victims."
"The victims are distributing healthy needs for the year," he said.
The Queensland victim posted the donation fee to 475 lira, up from 740 lira at home.
The Eid Kesim Campaign, which has traditionally become the Red Crescent and won the ninth, continues this year.
The Red Crescent, which is not alone in the World and our country's needs, will bring the sacrifice of hundreds of thousands of mazes to the table and bring the canned sacrifice.
Dr. Kerem Kinik, president of the Red Crescent, who promoted the Pakistani Day donor campaign to the press, said the Eid's Day has launched a major mobility for the existence of fertility and joy in the entire world. "The hypocrisy is transformed into conservation."
"Thanks to this method, the sacrifices can be taught by the owners in a healthy way throughout the year," he said.
According to Islamic processors, according to Islamic processors, DVD sent DVD to the Red Crescent's "Crescent Model in Eid" can easily replace the Eid-Eid worship in line with its purpose and rule.
Thanks to this modern model, electronics selected by electronics, Meat and Supportunities are elected by veterinarians, reading the names of the institution's modern combinations, the first three days of Eid al-Adha.
Clerics, veterinarians and noter will also be present in the areas that will be carried out in accordance with Islamic conditions.
The sculpture will be consolidated, becoming conserve and will be placed on 800 grams of cycles.
The Cavurma canners will be distributed to the holders of the year through the Red Crescent branches.
Following the sculpture, the Red Crescent will send a DVD for each vector to circulate a box with a certificate, and detail the process.
The sacrifice in 30 countries does not recognise the future of the Red Crescent, while the Eid of Eid will be brought to the poor all over the world this year, as it is every year.
This year's sacrifice organization will be carried out in about 30 countries, Dr. Kinik said, adding that the event will be held in the Balkans at 7, Africa and 4 in the Middle East and 4 countries in the Middle East and 4 countries in the Middle East.
"For our citizens who will give the mandate to the Turkish Red Crescent, the fees are set at 740 lira and 475 lira at home," he said.
In Turkey, we are aiming to invest in 5 compounds belonging to the Meat and Supporting Corporation.
These are the procedures proposed by the Diyanet by meeting the Islamic requirements in Turkey and abroad.
"We will conserve their sacrifices and carry the sons for 18 months," he said.
Members of the 168 Urban Center's 7 / 24 Magistrates' wish to live with the real needs of the Eid will be able to give the Red Crescent branches in the banks, the Turkish Red Crescent branches, 168 free call centres and www.kizilay.org.tr internet address.
The owners of the vector, which will go through a credit card to pay for a taxpayer, could also take advantage of the taxpayer.
Citizens outside the home, who want to give their vegetables to the Red Crescent, can use their donation menu via the Red Crescent internet page, using online payments.
They will also be able to pay the £0090 312 458 300,000 with a free consultation and donor line of the Red Crescent, and pay the price of acting with an international credit card.
Our citizens will also be able to pay the cost of sacrifice by Ziraat banks in Germany with the Queensland calculation number.
Dad horrors in Konya
The incident happened today at the Osmanctic Mahalla, formerly a bell in the Women's County.
According to the claim, Huseyin Ayhan, who filed a divorce case a week ago, went to his wife, Fatma Aka, who was in his father's house to speak.
Huseyin Aka, who began discussing the marriage shortly after, opened fire with his wife, Fatma Ayhan, his mother, Fatma Ayhan, his mother-in-law, Haxi Ibrahim Aka and his mother-in-law, Aka.
Fatma Ayhan and his father, Fatma Ayhan and his father, Haxhi Ibrahim Aka, died at the scene, while his mother, Aka, who was seriously injured, was taken to the Women's State Hospital.
The gendarmerie launched a study to capture Hussein Ayhan, who escaped with his car after the incident.
Huseyin Ayhan was found to have been sentenced.
Of the 13 and 10-year-olds, he had two children.
Crash at Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge
According to the information, the incident took place at around 14.00 at the entrance of the Sultan Sultan Mehmet Bridge in Ankara.
The truck with 34 PK 060 plates, led by Abdullah Shanver, was filmed in the back of the truck with 16 VK 077 plates.
Abdullah Shanver, in the crash, shook at the driver's site.
Firefighter, police and health crews have been transferred instead of the tip of citizens who saw the crash.
Instead of the incident, firefighter crews were working hard to save Shanver from where he was stuck.
During the work of the fire crews, Shanver was found to have been ferrying in the pain.
Shanver, who was saved as a result of intense work, was moved to an ambulance with the sedan and was taken to the Oksquare, Education and Research Hospital.
The road, which was closed due to the crash, caused traffic concentration.
The removal of vehicles and tem traffic have also been normalised.
Two children trapped with car baggage as they "don't translate"
The crash occurred around the Kahta-Siverek road Narince village the previous day.
Mehmet K. led 34 KS 6809 plates and the bike used by the automobile and Mustafa O. (14).
Mustafa O. and Huseyin O. (13) were seriously injured in the cycling result.
The automobile driver took to the baggage of the car when the injured children were 'not tenants' and took it to the Emergency Health Issue in the village of Narince.
The injured two children were then transferred to Kahta State Hospital with ambulances.
Huseyin O., from the injured, is fighting for life in intensive care.
Childhood children baggage for not transferring seats
"We're going to get a trip with friends," Mustafa O. said of the accident.
We've got our sons.
The Karadut village, Uoliir Peygamber, took the car to us near the translation there.
My impact was broken.
The driver first took my friend and baggage.
He then took me and took me to the baggage of the car.
Bagaja stayed between me and the baggage door.
I shouted.
The driver, who has heard Sesimi, is a photograph of the baggage door.
I corrected my elites.
The bagaj closed the door and took us to the village of Narince.
"Then they removed us with ambulances to Kahta State Hospital," he said.
The family of the injured children complained that the driver, who was not complaining for the first time, learned that she had brought children baggage.
"When I was Kaza, I was in Kahta," said Mustafa O., the designer of the injured child.
I learned to me that my nephew with my grandmother was making an accident.
I immediately went to Kahta State Hospital.
First they brought my nephew.
15 minutes later, they brought my grandchildren.
Gerger station Commander arrived.
Muhtar sen said.
I think the crash would be everywhere.
I didn't complain.
I was later looking at the car that crashed into my nephew and my grandchildren.
Bagajda has a lot of blood.
Then we learned, after confronting children, they put both injury into the baggage of the car and bring it to hospital.
My nephew also put my grandchildren in a row, putting baggage.
Yeah, I didn't put my baggage.
But the back seat of the car is terrible.
"There can be no such thing," he said.
Mehmet Kaya, a resident of Narince Village, said: "The driver who crashed into the children brought the injury here."
The children, the wounds, discovered the car's baggage.
"He has done what has to be done even to the animal," he said.
"What is the citizen who shot these children, how is it a human?"
There may be accidents, people can die in the crash.
But it is an occurrence to keep the injured and take him to hospital in the baggage of the car.
We are followers by the end of this job.
One of these children is criticized for death.
The other is heavier.
From Narince to Kahta, he brings injury in the baggage of the car.
God versus the belt.
Such a wildlife incident is not going to happen again.
Our cigars are burning.
We will be plaintiff and we will not abandon that job.
"We want the individual to be punished in a hardest way," he said.
Built in self-building
Famous architect Richart Sowa spent the last 8 years of his life by building an ecological paradise to swim.
This self-sufficient lifestyle, built on using 150,000 plastic bottles, lives with former model Jodi Bowlin, who met on Facebook two years ago.
Richart's island is surrounded by plastic bottles, straight pales and skin.
There are two-storey homes; 2 bathrooms, a jakuzi, 3 showers, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
Palm trees around the island include mangrovers, fruit trees, renewables, other plants, automobiles.
The island, which is tied to the coast with a 30-metre cordon, is producing its power, water and internet with this cordonal help.
"I have a lot of vegetables that can be defeated and lost on the island," Sowa said.
I need to go to small marketplaces to reach other food.
"I also have an 8-man salad," he said.
A stronger model than the Galaxy Note 7 goes on sale!
Samsung officially approved the Galaxy Note 7's 6GB Ram and 128GB memory model last day.
Samsung announced its new high-level smartphone Galaxy Note 7 earlier this month.
The Galaxy Note 7, which has ambitious features, was actually expected with 6GB Ram but was promoted as 4GB Ram.
The Galaxy Note 7, which exceeds expectations with initial pre-orders figures, will also be released by the 6GB Ram model, which is expected to be released.
Speaking at a press event in South Korea's capital last day in Seoul, Samsung Mobil chief Koh Dong-Jin officially announced plans to launch the 6GB Ram and 128GB memory Galaxy Note 7 model.
Meanwhile, this 6GB Ram and 128GB memory model of the Galaxy Note 7 will only be exclusive to China in the first phase, according to reports by The Korea Herald.
The offer for sale in other areas of this private model is not planned for the moment.
New Yamaha Tracer is new routes with 700!
The episode is a trip and a nominee with Tracer 700,000, and weighs short travelers at the end of the weekend, and a long-running round....
The new Yamaha Tracer, which has reduced all the difficult conditions for the motorcycle driver, has reached 700, design and technical followers, with a full long road vehicle that uses emotional and sexy driving experience....
To explore another world, concentrate on motorcycling throughout Europe to save new and unforgettable anxiety and enjoy the fun of each viragon.
Using the doors of this free world, they want to expand the horizons, and the number of motorcyclists are moving to the suitable, accessible and exciting models of the Sport Tourer series.
The new Yamaha Tracer, which creates addiction, has been developed from the highly successful MT-07 platforms.
The model, developed by strengthening and reviving the current Sport Tourer series, also faces intense interest in the new generation of motorcyclists.
With a lot of impressive features with brave and original design, the new Tracer boasts 700, superheroes, fascinating, fast and fun structure, comfortable driving and functionality, with a high level of the Sport Tourer class.
The Tracer 700, which is in the Central cycling Sport Tourer segment and provides a performance from standard features, remains a major success of this segment.
With the sports-focused line, long distance performance, dynamic and attraction, the new Tracer 700 is launching an exciting new era in the Sport Tourer category.
The multi-way Tracer 700 is ready to overcome every situation with a wealthy engine and riot in terms of tork.
This new sporting motorcyclist has several features that reveal the potential of real touring motorcycling, with the addition of special improvements in motorcycling, catastrophic and supremacy.
Fuel saving, 689cc, with a high capacity of 17 litres of fuel, with a pair of silly motorbikes, Tracer 700 can make a long distance between gas stations.
The new Tracer 700 compound and lightning has been developed from the MT-07 platforms, which won the big baby.
This minimalist design has won fast, thanks to riot driving and rapid response.
The leader of his class, 196 kg of weight, is ready to excuse the driver in every turn.
Moreover, the addition of the various Orian Yamaha accessories can be transformed into a serious long-distance touring motorcycle.
The colourful alternatives that make the design more attractive are Radical Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue...
This new model, which provides the return of motorcyclists to the market, connects its users to the roads.
The New Tracer 700, which will be offered for sale in Turkey and on sale in Turkey, is the new excitement of the Black Sea's vibrant mountains, either in Europe or Africa's rotation of adventure and adrenaline.
Hakan captain and his father's assets of £200 million
The Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office decided in detention for his father, Selmet, who was a contractor in Sakarya as part of the FETBC investigation.
Hakan, who was in the United States, has been searched in the Adapazari and house in Istanbul, owned by his father, Selmet swakr.
Selmet champions were not found despite the search.
Police took action after Selmet captain was found on Friday prayer at the Salko Mosque, which was found on Adapazari Sakarya Street.
Teams heading to the mosque waited for Friday prayers.
After Namazin's end, Selmet championed police and lifted their hands in the air.
Selmet captain, who decided to arrest him, was taken to the police vehicle and taken to the Police Directorate.
Gokhan captain was taken to the team's vehicle, where his father was taken to the vehicle, and went before the Police Directorate.
The Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office has determined that Hakan handler and his father, Selmet, have provided financial support to FETBC.
Transcript for the prosecutor's application, Sulh Penal Haqqi, Hakan Hakir and his father, Selmet Shakr, decided to confiscate the assets of land transport vehicles, bank or other financial institutions, in real or legal entities, their partnerships in companies and other assets.
The court's decision was notified at the time of the land manager, police manager and tax agencies.
The first research by Hakan handler and his father, Selmet swakr, is set to be non-securities.
Hakan captain and his father, Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul Bakira, Besiktas, Thanksgiving and Sapanca were found to have land in Kandoma.
Selmet captain is set to have luxurious villas on 10 crashes in the town of Serdivan, Sakarya.
Hakan captain was also set up in the city centre of Adapazari, which was closed by tax inspectors from the Finance Ministry's Tax Control Board Sakarya Group, which was closed by the FETBC investigation.
Hakan and his father, Selmet, said the value of all property assets is around 200 million lira.
Fugitive police chief arrested in Zaho
Duran Duran, a 3rd-class Police Director at Batman City Police Chief, has been suspended as part of an investigation into the coup attempt by FETBC.
The decision to capture him has been laid off as soon as it has been issued.
The study, conducted by City Police Directorate teams, was found to have fled to Zaho, Iraq.
As soon as possible, the two countries were arrested in a joint operation by security forces.
As soon as it was introduced to Turkey, he was detained in Batman.
As soon as possible, the employer was transferred to the administrator.
Security forces stand on suspicion that as soon as possible, the terror group fled northern Iraq to join PKK camps.
Pay attention to children's cricket
Dr. Bilgin Giray, an associate professor at the dentist Hecket School, said they were comfortable with these reflections by making it a need to embrace the children for failing to break into their first age.
"Fingerprints are an event that is seen until the age of 3-4, starting from birth," said Dr. Giray, who lists the reasons for the fingerprints of fingerprints.
Most of the babies are their fingers emer.
The children's fingerprint to satisfy the need for embarrassment is a fingerprint to address and comfort the lack of mothers after the age of 1-1.5.
"The moment of frightening and self-play can be found in fingerprint behavior when it comes to sleep, when it is apprehensive," he said.
At the basis of the fingerprint behavior of fingerprint behavior, Dr. Bilgin Giray, who stresses that the sense of trust in the child is underdeveloped, is the effects of the dental health of this behaviour.
The fingerprint behaviour will have a negative effect in shaping the child's dental structure.
Superintendent diabetes are backwards as a result of the prescription that occurred during the embrace, while diabetes are backwards.
That would lead to the bottom line of the lower chin, daylight and the balance of the dental structure.
This would be the physiological reflection of speech disorder and its closure as aesthetically bad.
At the age of 6-7, when there is no early solution, there may be a much more complex treatment process, "said Dr. Giray, who noted that a much more complex treatment process could occur at the age of 6-7.
"For this reason, the quarrel, such as the eye and hearing checks of children today, should be kept under control," he concluded.
New life to treat imminent: Trifokal Lensler
The katarakt-treated patients would like to use natural observation.
Much-focused authorities have already been used since long years to address this problem in our homes.
In recent times, it has taken a step closer to the success of the treatments in this area, with transformational authority to be used in recent times.
Trifocal lens are not only a distant or close distance from other merchants, but also a clear view of the distance identified as occasional distinction.
Remote, close or occasionally disturbing disorder
The occasional distinction in their view is to represent a point where we use very often in our daily life.
As an example, the indicator panels of cars are the distinct distance that we definitively identify in our embrace, or 60-70cm.
The occasional disturbances of Trifocal lenders also don't need to use any observation in any way that our patients don't notice close or away.
Another benefit provided by Trifokal mergers is the reduction of night complaints.
Dr Volkan Hurmeric, a Dr. Volkan Hurmeric, said: "There is no difference from the normal catastrophic treatment of trifocal lens that are applied for every disturbing view."
Our patients with Trifokal treatment are comfortable with a 7 to 10-minute procedure.
And the next day our patients can return to their normal life.
In particular, using the car is an operation that has more of a computer use, raising the quality of life for those who love reading and more active life.
You can also apply to the temperature expertise to learn whether this procedure, which can be applied to every patient who has been filmed 18, is eligible for you.
Varisli vascular is not used in heart surgery!
Varis has been a pretty growing illness in recent years.
It is important that genetic affiliation is a priority factor; long working hours, jobs that need to stop for a long period of time, and a long period of residence can be shifted.
Are the vegetables identified in heart surgery?
There is Varname, but questions are often wondered by people, such as if I pass a heart attack on the ground.
Here's the answers.
There are two types of sophisticated systems:
We have the deep toplovascular system, which brings the main dirty cannabis of the 1,Bacakta dirty, and the main dirty blood of the backyard.
They get the name of deep femoral ven and sweet femoral ven.
The problems in these transplants are more rare, vascular distributors cannot be closed, and medicinal treatments will be applied to keep these vegetables open.
There is a superintendent system that surrounds the dirty journeys and merged with the deep-topped system.
This system consists of two large and two small safeguards.
All four of these vegetables can be insufficiently and varied.
The toplars that have been used in heart surgery are the superficial conversations known as the big safest.
The absence of these vegetables has no damage, and for this reason they can be used in heart surgery.
However, these vegetables need to be healthy, so that they can be used in heart surgery.
Because heart is a very important organization.
The burning of Varisli vegetables, or burning in place with the lazy, will reduce the workload of deep-topped workloads and make it healthier.
A misbelief among the public is that the vegetables can be used as a spare.
Varisli vascular never and never used in heart surgery!
There are other vegetables that can be used in heart surgery.
The spare vascular systems that can be used in heart surgery; under the breast cafe, are around the mix and in the arm.
So it is incredibly incredible to use the vegetables to use for a heart and to worry about it.
Image copyright Dr. Rengin Turkins
Uzbek's Super Cup meaningful message
Galatasaray Sports Club President Dursun Uzbek issued a statement ahead of the Super Cup Finale between Galatasaray and Besiktas.
He noted that Dursun Uzbekic noted the unity and tightening of Turkish football in Turkish football:
Galatasaray and Besiktas, two established and two top clubs in Turkish sports, will face the Super Cup on Saturday (August 13th) at the Konya Medical Torku Arena.
This game is neither the first, nor the last game in the competition, which leaves the two guys behind a passion of the club.
But as a timing, it's a very vital match.
As we all know, our country survived a big bathroom on 15 July night.
The coup attempt by the Fetullahist Terrorism Organisation / Paralympic State (FETBC / PDY), which casts our democracy, was survived by the unity and tightening of all parts of society.
We paid heavy costs as a nation that night.
We gave handcuffs.
We have a lot of veterans.
This bitter price reminds us that once again, the virtue of democracy, not the fighter in this territory, is the necessity and importance of who it is.
Representatives of the Turkish sport that night were the only voice, one-guessing, opposed to the coup; they were all along the side of democracy.
We need more than usual, which is the unifying of sport in these critical days.
I wish the precious opponent of our precious opponent, Suleyman Seba, was the starting match of love and peace in Turkish sport, coinciding with the 2nd anniversary of the new football season, named by the club's legend captain Turgay Sheren.
At the end of the match in front of Galatasaray and Besiktas fans at the end of the match, I hope the winner will be our country and Turkish sport.
Derbide 339th appointment - Sports Times
Turkcell Super Lig and Ziraat, the sports Toto Super Lig and Ziraat Turkey Cup champion, will compete with Besiktas and Galatasaray to be the biggest of this season in Konya at 20.45pm tomorrow.
With Besiktas and Galatasaray 92-year-old competition and landlord friendships, he has faced 338 times so far.
Yellow-broken breaks have won 120 times in these matches, while the black-whites defeated their opponent 107 times.
In 111 matches, the rivals failed to dominate each other.
In those matches, Galatasaray's 477-year-old Besiktas scored 444 goals.
The first of the Super Cup adventures, which began on July 30th, 2006 at the Commerzbank Arena, started between Besiktas and Galatasaray.
In this game, the black-whitewashers took the ball to the trophy with the goal of Mert Nobre in the 60th minute.
The 10-year Super bowl has not played cups in the 2011 symptoms.
The remaining 9 senators played the most final, 6 times and Galatasaray.
Yellow-broken breaks in those matches showed the success of the 4-time Super Cup to the museum.
Besiktas, who played a 3-time final, took the trophy 1 times.
"Cicek" crisis - Sports Times
One of the characteristics of the coaching Shenol Sun was learned that Honour Cicek never travelled yesterday.
In the case that succumbed to the administration, Cicek reportedly did not like the salary increase for him and did not participate in the investigation by reacting to it.
The administration has said it expects the Shenol Sun's stance to intervene.
Mario Gomez's dreams were devastated!
Fiorentina sporting Director Pataleo Corvino made statements about golf players Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar.
Corvino said: "We will not send Gomez and Babacar without a bonus."
We will work to get revenue.
We target at least 15m euros from the sale of two players.
"But it won't be easy," he said.
Rihanna in the cast of popular film
In Hollywood's most important film servers, Ocean will again face popular names.
Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett, who also participated in the series, will be featured in the film, including Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling and Helena Bohnam Carter.
Explosions start 2 months later
The film's pitches are scheduled to begin in New York in October with a cast of female players in Ocean's Eleven.
The film will be produced by Steven Sodenbergh, who also recognises the previous films in the series, while Gary Ross, who wrote the director's script with Olivia Milch.
Scot Callum Skinner, pictured, flies home
Scottish Callum Skinner, the Scottish Callum Skinner, retained the title of the big British Team from 2012 London, pictured yesterday yesterday in the men's race in the Rio race tracks.
Glasgowlu, the 23-year-old competitor, took the lead job as the Scottish Senator Chris Hoy, and this young man stripped this legend while returning to his home with his New Zealand clothes.
In the event four years ago, when Hoy received five of the six Olympic medals, the UK received a shock victory.
And despite Hoy's retiree, he reiterates it by finishing in sixth place at the Yarwin World Championships in London in March.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of specialist starting player Jamie Staff.
They did it as soon as the Hindes emerged.
Hoy's retirement was a vacuum that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
He had previously seen the Scot's potential to have carried out, and his British coaches didn't give up from Skinner.
Hindes, Kenny and Skinner, who won the title with Hoy four years ago, had broken the Olympic record in the ranking round, but New Zealand reset this record in the first round.
And the British trio had a showdown for gold.
Hindes made the Kenny team, even though he was slightly behind in his own round, and Skinner was based on it.
Using a larger vehicle to slowing Hindes itself, Kenny, and especially the transformation of Skinner's tempo, was that strategy change.
Hoy was followed by the BBC's specialist commentary and went to the eyes of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they went to the podium.
Skinner, 23, of Glasgowlu, said: "This is an amazing comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and announce the step.
We broke the Olympic record in the final and beat world champions.
It was really unbelievable.
There can be no better way to win it.
Hindes admitted deliberately falling in the tracks after a bad start after winning a victory with Kenny and Hoy in London 2012.
He later reacted to that comment and had no way of making a request from Britain's rivals.
This time there was no such problem for an incredible win.
"Together with all the Great British flags in Stanton, we were in London," Hindes said.
We are a cab founded just three months ago.
We have lost too many world races, so it's really unbelievable to have won the Olympics.
It's just an event for a nation that won seven of the 10 races in both Beijing and London, a medal.
As a result of the progress we have shown in the past five months, we are waiting for us five more days that will be successful in the race tracks.
Kenny's signature position is that Hoy's dream of winning three gold medals at a single Olympics is not quite impossible.
That would mean Kenny, who is a younger than 12-year-old from Hoy, will have six gold medals and a silver medal at the same time as Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister.
That means the same level with Hoy.
Kenny will be on the sprint race after that; the race will start today and will last three days.
Boltonlu, 28, said: "For now I'm just enjoying this.
Team events are always the best events.
You can be able to win with your friends.
Honestly, when they win alone, people feel self-alone.
"If he wins two gold medals, he should give him a Knight title," Hindes said.
This is not just the event of this day's medal, but there are many good news for the UK.
Senator Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull have finished first in the four-kilometre team race.
They completed the tracks at 3: 51,943.
The world record set by a gold medal in London 2012 is 3: 51,659.
The first round and final (22: 42) will be determined in the second stretch today, and Wiggins is sure to draw on all the attention.
Ahead of the round of ranking, authorities had a dispute with officials as he called him to gauge the boyfriend.
Katie Archibald from Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Milngavie and Milngavie have reached the world record for 4: 13,260.
The Great England Team is counting on the strong cycling team to take the reins at the middle time of the Olympic Games and win a lot of medals.
After great dominance in Beijing and London, expectations in Rio have been quite curtailed.
In the back plan, there have been a lot of bad developments, including coach Shane Sutton's resignation in April due to gender and tyranny charges, and the retirement of key figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, the first night of the races in the tracks is that the destiny reputation for finishing the Great Britain as soon as possible will be able to reprove this time.
Cancellation of energy contract and the future of Portland izabe showdown
The future of the Portland aluminum izabe in Victoria fell into uncertainty after hundreds of workers announced the cancellation of a supply contract that would lead to the cancellation of all supply contracts for the energy company, which provides energy to the facility.
The move follows a decision earlier this year that the Victoria government failed to pass subsidies for the facility to continue to work.
The 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
Up to 2000 in Alcoa's Portland facility could be at risk.
Any closure could lead to a direct or indirect risk of the job by 2000.
And it could also create additional chain effects as the izabe ocean exhausted about 10 per cent of Victoria's electricity.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry closed the Henry izabe occupation, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's Portland izabe facility is losing money and faces a risk of closure.
These developments were initially revealed after a few years of speculation about the strengthening of the Australian dollar and the future of the facility, based on the facility's consumption fee.
The AGL, which provides energy from the Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, on the major aluminum izabe, said he expects the three other owners to take action to terminate their contracts.
A large majority of the facility belongs to the joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, and China's CITIC, Japan's Marubeni Corp companies have smaller shares.
"The AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to work; this means that the physical electricity demand for the izabe will continue," he said.
The AGL said the contracts were "risk-balancing contracts" that should take effect from November 2016.
They will be completed in 2017, when the contracts are a 12-month festive period.
"For this reason, the AGL will continue to wait for the contracts to contribute to the 2017 financial year," the energy company said.
The effects of the AGL may be exposed to the 2018 Financial Year and post-post potential earnings are limited, with a strong long-term contract for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said the value of their contracts at its accounts has already fallen by up to $187 million because of the "festive delay."
Alcoa said the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ability to use the izabe occupation or provide electricity supplies to the izabe."
The US company signed a 20-year contract in 2010; this contract was supposed to take effect in November this year, but has yet to explain why he has yet to withdraw from that contract.
Analysts warn that the Tomago facility in both Victoria's Portland izabe warehouse and the Tomago facility near Newcastle is facing possible closure due to economic woes in the sector.
The AGL's operations chief, Stephen Mikkels, who responded to analysts earlier this week, said Portland used about 600 megawatts, Tomago, using 900 megawatts of energy each year.
If both of these facilities are withdrawn from the market, there will be a significant decrease in demand in the [electricity] market.
And as a producer, this is not a good development for us, "he said.
Not just the star of the Kardashian TV show; Kendall is the captain of Vogue's September number
Model and administrator Kendall Jenner (20) of the Kardashian-Jenner group's fourth daughter, Kendall Jenner (20), is on the cover of the September edition of the US Vogue.
Kendall, an Estee Lauder brand ambassador and a boy in Milan, Paris and New York fashion, posted this news from her Instagram account on Thursday.
"When I look at this captain in a room full of people I love," Kendall wrote.
There was a strange (or only Keeping Up with the Keeping Up and Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) of the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (pictured).
Although this almost all-child TV program is the click story of every "birthday" section (Seacrest at 8am), "What do you forget?" And the other girls were not included in this promotion.
It is certain that Vogue has entered a new Kardashian era with this development in September.
Kendall's absurd Kim could be past it over the Vogue captain (the caption) was shared with his wife Kanye West in April 2014, but the magazine's September captain is a success.
Vogue's September number was the most-selling number of the year.
With the height of many advertisements from a fashion magazines, the number has attracted the attention of many advertisements (Fashionista, last year's 832-page circuit).
The release of the cover star is also closely watched; the pictures of the magazine over the past two years have been leaked before the official announcement.
Among the women who were previously covered in the cover are Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the captain includes "celebrities who are" modelled "rather than" famous models. "
Oscar-winning Dior envoy Jennifer Lawrence was covered in the caption in 2013, and the next year, this honour was awarded to Lady Gaga.
However, even if Mrs Jenner, who has been identified by the magazine as a "glorious model," is pretty good, even if Mrs Jenner was taken into the previous category.
These celebrities are not the young people of the day who know about the relative of famous people or the reality show stars or good Snapchat videos.
All of them are women whose talent is legitimate, women in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who was on the cover of last year, spent one of the best times of his career with Lemonade's exit.
Of course, not everyone is happy with Jenner's success.
Because of the reality show history, Jenner's position in the fashion world will always be disturbing.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model, Stephanie Seymour, criticized Jenner and his colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "time-screaming."
When the news emerged that Jenner will face Vogue's captain, that thought again surfaced.
But concentrating on dissatisfaction seems unfortunate.
Kendall Jenner is the captain of Vogue's September number.
He is a fully supermodel.
He speaks to Marc Jacobs's show.
Give you Estee Lauder fondy.
He sells her own photos of the paid-wall practices on you, along with her sisters.
Cindy Crawford, who photographed her photographs, sells pictures of her daughter Love magazine.
And in the vacant times, perhaps only his brother Kourtney and a reality show on TV to see their children.
Social legal support centres reverse 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 people from the most protected part of the nation are being surrounded by social legal support centres, as the industry is preparing for the impact of more funding cuts in operations that are already under way.
Three out of five people in Queensland (mostly elderly, migrants, unprotected workers, violent victims and their similarities) are being pushed back in search of free legal advice and representation.
Social legal support services that have exhausted their opportunities are preparing for further cuts.
Starting in June of next year, these legal support centres are scheduled to be deprived of more than 30 per cent of federal funding.
Social Legal Support centres Queensland Director James Farrel reported that thousands of people have been recovered every year in the latest Sayment Report of the Social Legal Support Centres National Union.
Mr. Farrel said the situation would be much worse if the federal government decision is not recovered.
"Queensland's social legal support centres are chronically inadequate, which means that thousands of people cannot access services that are vital to the need," he said.
With violent relations, people who struggle with power and breakfast forces, families and unfairly disrupted workers in the process of separation... all face problems with legal dimensions, and are unable to reach the assistance they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means that thousands of Queensland residents who are unprotected are forced to lead to more complex legal problems.
We call on Justice Minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis to take back these funding cuts to get the support they need when people face a legal challenge.
Last year, the government met its pledge to increase legal support funding to the national average.
We must now look at social legal support centres and the communities they serve, and the Palaszczuk government's investment in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign team sued after staff claim weapon
New York: Donald Trump's campaign team has been sued by the North Carolina operations manager for failing to take any action after he was told he had suffered a weapon in a planet with the cip in February.
The case was announced Wednesday in a case filed by former software instructor Vincent Bordini in the provincial campaign team.
Bordini said he expected him to be interested in the situation for months, but later noticed that "it won't happen."
As Bordini said in his complaint, Diach, Earl Philip, issued a weapon, surviving his right-point fingerprint and kept it right to the knee captain of namber Vincent. "
According to the complaint, the Bordini local and regional campaign team learned that at least four people had experienced the same experience with Phillip after they filed a complaint with their leaders.
"There is no need to fire the weapons to be damaged," he said in the Bordini complaint.
The lawsuit opened two days after the Republican presidential nominee told the crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Constitutional reshuffle" (gun owners and gun supporters) could take action if he chose his own judges.
Trump's campaign team said the media was considering those remarks outside the context and that he does not support the violence.
Bordini, with his complaint, is seeking compensation from Phillip for his campaign team and attack, daring and spiritual harm due to the observation.
Trump's spokesman, Hope Hicks, did not return quickly to the message that asked him to comment.
The effort to reach Phillip was inconclusive.
WCCB, a local news subsidiary in Charlotte, reported that Phillip had recently left the campaign.
There was no quick return to the call to the consulting company Innovative Consulting Services.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is running a campaign that creates conflict.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300 trial, General Justice Court, Supreme Court Sheriff, Mecklenburg crash (Charlotte).
"FETBC" cute tip et "line
President Erdogan's "may not know everyone's intelligence" for FETBC, he could not be able to know the police, "tip up," and then set up a tip line for the MIT and Police FETBC.
Following the 15 July coup attempt, new practices are being launched for the detection of "secret councillors" who are self-hiding while thousands of FETs were thrown from the institutions after the 15 July coup attempt.
As part of the work, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan stressed the importance of a tightening of citizens in the fight against FETBC, saying: "Your friends can be friends, and I do not disclose them."
You have to report to the prosecutor's office.
It is a patriotism borough.
"Everyone may not be able to know intelligence, they may not be able to know the police or be able to catch up," he said, adding: "The guys are running away."
As part of the work, an online tip was launched by the Interior Ministry, the Police General Directorate and the National Intelligence Service (MIT).
According to this, those who serve FETBC around the citizens can work on the organisation's activities, the organisations that belong to the organisation, to the police and MIT, thanks to this practice.
Www.egm.gov.tr / pages / tip-tip, www.mit.gov.tr / contributions will reserve the information of those who will be tipped with the form available via your linebackers.
Those who want tip-ups submitted by the police General Directorate can add to the document.
Again, there will be a return to him if a tip-up is asked for the same practice.
The citizen could also be able to make these familiarities to the Republican prosecutors' offices in the city and counties, where they could also have a phone call on the "155 Police Imdat."
Inspired by Bodrum, 'model village' in Sivas
The FMP VAS's Shadow County, Canvillage, was held in 'exemplary village' in co-operation with the Queensland and philanthropist business.
In the village, where roads were astonished and destroyed, all houses were boycotted in blue and white colours, with an example of Mugla's Bodrum province.
The shadow Kayake has drafted an example village project to raise the images of villages connected to the countryside and improve the quality of life.
This included a 66-digit Canvillage, 12 miles from the provincial centre.
Construction of the village, which has been boosted by infrastructure and superintendent services, was extinguished, and its removal was covered by a parked stone.
Village houses with different colourful tones were painted with the support of Pelit Pastans owner Selahattin Ayan.
The entire village was brightly packed with white and blue colours.
Bodrum is an example
Information about the study, Shajova Kayer Erkan Isa Erat, said he was preparing this project to sign a study that would create a role model for other villages, adding: "The fact that the village is more modern is part of the project that all of the houses are the only colours."
We are looking for a place where we will get an example when we start this project.
When we went to Bodrum, the white bowl and blue windows of the house attracted our attention.
We wanted to take the example of Bodrum because of the positive impact of the summer and the positive impact on people.
By doing our work, all the houses found in Canvillage were white and blue colours.
This study was in co-operation with the state and the philanthropist.
The project cost about 200,000 lira.
The study was like a small Bodrum of our Canvillage in Sivas.
We want to keep this kind of work on our budget and again with the support of our business guys.
Abdullah Macit, 66, of Canvillage, said that with the support of the Queensland, the village had a new vision.
Macit said that being an example village is very satisfied with them and the village's people, and thanked everyone last year.
Drug operation in Kangal
7 in a drug operation by gendarmerie crews in the Kangal district of FMP VAS.
The gendarmerie crews, who worked at the County-based Cetinkaya Belden, spent 600 grams of cannabis, 49 drug hap, 1 av rifles and 1 dry tight pistol.
A total of 7 people were detained in connection with the seized material, and criminal proceedings have been launched.
4 people seized on property with Gülen in FETBC / PDY case in Adana
All assets -- Fethullah Gülen, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu -- were decided in Adana for allegedly earning the Fethullahist Terrorism Organisation / Paralympic State Agency (FETBC / PDY).
According to a request from the Adana Police Directorate on May 15, 2015, Metropolitan Mayor Zihni Aldamaz and his administration were surrounded by the mortgage, despite its proximity to the Gulen community, with its proximity to the Gülen community, while the community received a substantial amount of rant to 150 million lira.
Zihni Aldamaz, Ferat Yuksel, Mustafa Vural, Hasan Long and Adana Trade Stock Exchange have been arrested as the result of the investigation.
Thirty-five defendants, including Fethullah Gülen and former Adana Metropolitan Mayor Zihni Aldinmaz, filed a lawsuit against the 2nd Serious Criminal Court, which ordered prison sentences ranging from 5 to 35 years.
While all defendants did not accept the charges, all detainees in the final cellar of the trial were evacuated with criminal control and non-home law.
Goods VARLIKLARINA confiscated
The court delegation decided to capture the arrest of Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, who was on the run along with Fethullah Gülen, the top defendant in the case.
But for the fugitive 4 defendants, who have not been caught and did not come to trial, the court has decided that illegal proceedings should be held.
At the same time, the court delegation decided to remove all assets under the Criminal Procedure Code of Fethullah Gülen, Omar Ekinci and Cemal Soncu, who was in the foreign country to ensure that the trial remains inconclusive.
The court's decision included immovable, land-seafood and air transport vehicles in Turkey, land-sea and air transport vehicles, all rights and money, company contributions, rental casualties and bank accounts.
MLKP member Arslan, caught with headscarf, arrested
MLKP member Serpil Arslan, a terrorist organization MLKP member Serpil Arslan, was arrested after interrogation in Adana, where he wanted to escape the cake where he was cooked in Akpalace.
Wearing a headscarf, Arslan went by slogans to the courthouse.
Teams linked to the Adana Police Directorate's Anti-Terrorism and Intelligence branch directorates have determined that Serpil Arslan, who has decided to catch 3 separate charges against terrorism organisation membership, went to the Akpalace.
Adana police, who contacted the Akpalace Police Directorate, were instructed to capture Serpil Arslan.
Acting on the instruction, Akpalace police found that Serpil Arslan, wearing a headscarf for not recognizing, was able to eat in a restaurant.
As the teams entered the restaurant, Arslan, who noticed that police arrived, wanted to escape the back door.
Serpil Arslan, who ran out of the back door, was captured by tem branch teams from the Akpalace Police Directorate.
Following the interrogation at the Adana Police Directorate, Serpil Arslan was transferred to the court.
Serpil Arslan, who was introduced to the Additional Medical Unit for health control, wanted to slog.
The woman, who closed the nets of Arslan, tried to prevent him from taking a slog.
The administrator, Arslan, was arrested and sent to prison.
12 magistrates and prosecutors in Antalya, 24 in custody
24 people, including 12 judges and prosecutors, were detained under the FETBC / PDY investigation in Antalya.
The Antalya Police Directorate's Trafficking and Organised Crime crews have detained 12 of the 15 judges and prosecutors convicted of detention.
Efforts are under way to capture the other 3 judges and prosecutors.
Among those detained is Akseki Republican Prosecutor Hasan Sahin Sarioglu.
Of the 24 people arrested in the Kumluca County jail as part of the investigation, 12 were detained.
The detained suspects were businessmen and teachers serving in the closed schools of FETBC.
It continues to work to capture the other 12 people as part of the investigation.
Gülen's nephew arrested in Erzurum
Abdullah Korucuk, the nephew of the Fethullahist Terrorism Organisation (FETBC), which was detained by police in Erzurum, was arrested.
The police Directorate was transferred to the court earlier in the evening, following the conclusion of the nephew of Fethullah Gülen, the nephew of Fethullah Gülen, who was detained as part of a coup attempt in an operation on 9 August.
Abdullah Korucuk, the son of Fethullah Gülen's sister and owner of a private foreign language school, was transferred to the Sulh Criminal Court with his request for arrest following his interrogation at the prosecutor's office.
The court sent Abdullah Korucuk to prison by arresting a member of the 'FETBC terrorist organisation'.
1 police killed, 2 PKK killed
Nusaybin clash: 1 police killed, 2 PKK killed
1 police officers have been killed by PKK terrorists in a police vehicle patrolling the MARDIN's Nusaybin district.
2 PKK dead were seized in the shootout.
The police vehicle, which was patrolled near Camisi on May 27th Street in Selahattin Eyni Mahalley, opened fire by PKK terrorists at around 07.00 today.
1 police officer who was in the vehicle in the attack.
Following the incident, police crews blocked the circuit, blocking the escape of PKK terrorists.
The shootout was found dead along with 2 terrorist weapons.
Security forces are continuing the operation in the area.
Man killed in Nusaybin
1 police officers have been killed by PKK fighters in the police vehicle, which was patrolled in the Mardin district of Nusaybin.
2 PKK soldiers were killed in the shootout.
The police vehicle, which was patrolled near the hawks' mosque on the 27 May street of Mardin's Nusaybin province, was attacked by the PKK at around 07.00 today.
The PKK, which ran a pound on the street, patrolled the police patrol, blaming the pedestrian fire.
In the first fire, 1 police officers were killed in the vehicle, while several special incursion police were transferred instead of the incident.
The barracks' mosque and his circle were found dead along with 2 PKK weapons in a clash between security forces and the PKK.
The operation is under way.
Fair orphan's mother-in-law freed with criminal controller
A criminal control condition and wife Hatice Yildirim, a doctor sitting in the Sakarya of the terrorist organisation FETBC's' Air Force imam 'Sakarya, was released.
After the coup attempt, Yrd. Dr. Adil, who was captured on the Akonic Air base, was released in the courthouse, where Dr. Adil orphans were transferred, while the search continues.
It was detected at the scene of her mother-in-law Cevat Yildirim, who was sitting in the Associated County of Sakarya before the fair orphans were involved in the casualties.
The "34 Sir 49" plates of fair orphans were found in the garage of the home of her mother-in-law.
As part of the investigation, Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim were detained yesterday.
Cevat Yildirim and his wife Hatice Yildirim have been transferred to the courthouse.
In the night, the court ended, while Cevat Yildirim was a criminal control requirement and his wife, Hatice Yildirim, was released.
Transcript for control, repanel
The Turkish Presidential Fund, which is expected to become one of the world's largest funds, has been removed from a silent sedan law on objections.
The Fund has decided to be rediscussed due to the lack of control mechanisms, but was discussed on the panel again without any changes.
"We are absolutely against the fact that the pension cuts will be taken out of the Constitutional control mechanisms, which will consist of the pension cuts from employees, the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed," said CHP MP and Plan and Budget Commissioner Utku Chakirapeker, who assessed the AKP's offer to sozcu.com.tr.
The government's bid to provide long-term funding for investments and projects has been adopted by a torba law on Tuesday, arguing that the opposition should also be discussed.
However, the AKP re-introduced its offer to the Plan and Budget Commission in the same form.
Eskisehir, the CHP member of the Turkish Parliament's Plan and Budget Commission, described the CHP's concern and concern to the CHP's concerns and concerns over the proposed law.
"When the establishment of this fund comes in the draft law for the Plan and Budget Commission, former Finance Minister Zekerija Temizel, the head of the CHP delegation, expressed our concern and concern, proposing that this would be removed from the law and also detailed discussion."
The government, which accepted that view, also withdrew the bill.
The bill came yesterday again yesterday.
"The government is insisting on issuing it from the Assembly within a week," he said.
"This code is the biggest indifference in the boat," Chakirapeker said.
"The proceeds from the state-owned assets, pension cuts from employees, the unemployment fund collected for the unemployed, the revenues from privatisation, the revenues from privatisation and a structure that does not have any responsibility," he said.
Russia, China and the Gulf countries are frightened by oil revenues and trade, and the fund is financed in this way, "said Chakirapeker, who said such funds were established, and that the fund is being financed in this way."
That is why the fund will consist of public resources, the public.
A total of 100 billion euros in the unemployment fund is planned to receive 100 billion euros from the individual pension fund, which has been made to employees, and $50 billion from privatisation.
"This fund, which will consist of entirely public money, should be in public control and that money should not be irresponsible," he said.
Stressing that the state's resources are collected, it is unacceptable for a fund to be kept out of Parliament control, where the state-owned assets are collateral, the Chakeshier said, citing concerns and concerns about the law on the Variation Fund.
Such a large public presence, business and transactions related to borrowing in the public name cannot only be passed through the control of independent control companies.
There must also be public control and a transparent structure.
According to the law, there are no provisions in the Varity Fund's control and transparency of the Constitutional institutions.
There was no limit on how much funds would be transmitted.
No one will be able to ask the account about how this fund is used.
The Fund's goal is to finance major projects.
For that, there is no need to establish an uncontrolled fund outside the budget.
Why don't you get into the budget?
As such, the question is, "What is SAylightas and Parliament control? '
He said they are not opposed to transferring money in the assets Fund, but that it is being done with non-transparent, non-calculated mechanisms. "There is a need for such a fund."
But if the government is insistence, then we have to ensure that in other countries where such investment funds are established, the current international standards are valid in Turkey.
It should be structured in a manner where the mechanism of control and responsibility is introduced.
There is no revelations that there will be no revelations, and it must be established in a way that will account for its own money, which is used to the public.
"We are pleased that the AKP is listening to our critics in parliament, especially after the 15 July coup attempt."
We hope that this code offer will listen to our constructive criticisms of the AKP.
We are opposed to using national assets as unfamiliar, transmitted, those who use it are irresponsible and are not public control.
"The Secret Variation Fund can only be beneficial if these concerns are addressed," he said.
The proposed law has learned that work has been made to reach consensus between the AKP and the opposition.
"These are the investments we have heard of the trust we have heard in Turkey."
"The 30 billion TL investment we have done over the past 5 years is an indicator of the confidence we have heard in the future of our country," said Ford Automotive Board Chairman Ali Koc, speaking at a meeting in Istanbul.
The director of Koc Holding's Board of Directors and Ford Automotive Management Chairman Ali Koc and the director of several foreign capital companies met at a meeting organised by the Istanbul Industrial Chamber (ISO) at a meeting on "manufacturers in Turkey."
At the meeting, Ali Koc said: "We do not only express our faith and security for our partners and our country, with our investments and accomplishments," Ali Koc said at the meeting.
The 30 billion TL investment we have done over the past 5 years is a sign of confidence that we have heard of our country's future.
There is no need for Turkey to attract more foreign investment; a reliable and fair legal system is an ecosystem that encourages international standards a democracy, qualified labour and R & D, innovation, entrepreneurship and value value.
Over the past few years, our government has offered our industrialists the most comprehensive incentives of our Republican history.
"I am unbelievable that we will be able to launch a new" Investment move, "which we need with these incentives and total strategies."
"We now know this is not just the problem of a single country, but as global actors," said Huseyin Gelis, CEO and CEO of the Siemens Industry and Trade Turkey Board.
We came to Turkey with a long-term look.
If we are in unity and tie, our problems will be resolved.
We were able to bring it to this territory 160 years ago that we could not be in Turkey.
We will continue to continue in these areas in Turkey.
"Of course we will build factories, but our horizon in this area should be open," he said.
Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for themselves, Shell Turkish Country President Ahmet Erdem said. "Turkey is one of the top 10 countries for Shell."
We believe in Turkey's potential and future.
We have invested in many areas, especially energy, and we continue to do so.
Thank you for our president, our Prime Minister and the Bakers for their work of supporting international investors.
There are plenty of confidence for international investors.
"This is in the direction that our country will improve its competitiveness," he said.
"Our Global CEO was due to arrive in Turkey on 10 August."
But travel was postponed.
And we were against it.
Because the arrival of the CEO was very important.
Bulletproof cars were made in requests such as protection.
And then when it comes to there, everything saw it normal.
He stayed and left the car and returned home.
Investing in a country is similar to marriage.
First, it would be, if everything goes on the road, and you can get married by making a long-term plan.
And we are home with Turkey and we have no intention of divorcing.
The gap was reversed from his wife!
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim attended a consultation meeting with the Istanbul Industrial Chamber on a consultation meeting in the Swiss Otel, attending a consultation meeting on "manufacturers in Turkey."
According to Prime Minister Yildirim, the sector's industrial sector, which will provide Turkey's customer rule, said: "We should not have a transition to the Industrial 4.0 in the industry sector."
"The value value is high, if we are important for our country's locality and seizing 2023 goals, we think about the industrial revolution, the IT and technology revolution, and we have to achieve that," he said.
On July 15th night, Prime Minister Yildirim added that "the future of our country, those who try to destroy our democracy, destroy our democracy, don't even qualify for the Gazi Assembly, we were talking about another Turkey today."
With the coup and management, the national will has been eliminated and the world burgeoning countries have fallen from the league, we will talk to Turkey among the 3rd world countries.
"Thank God, we are basically the baseball, our Conservatives, our president, our president, Mr Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and the determination of our government," he said.
"We will look out and look forward to the impact of this incident," Prime Minister Yildirim said.
We have never been able to live with the constant coup and it's never true.
We have very ambitious goals ahead.
This coup attempt has not shaken Turkey's economy.
The chaos and crisis were once again burnt.
Our democracy today is devastated by our economy.
Our banking sector continues to work healthier in our financial sector.
In 2015, the foreign trade deficit fell by 25 per cent.
The current account deficit was 5.8 per cent in 2014, compared to 4.5 in 2015.
We aim to cut it to 4 at the end of this year.
We will never change our tight stand in public finances.
Turkey's 2016 budget was also higher than the national income of 130 countries.
We have reduced the national income rate of more than 11 per cent to 1.3 per cent in 2015, and we are striving to protect those rates.
We are better in public debt than in the EU than in many countries in the world.
Our banking financial sector remains firmly on the ground.
"Our central bank did not need foreign exchange in the market despite July 15th, and we have gross reserves of more than $121 billion, not in the question of any reduction in our reserves," he said.
Quoting any facilitation for the development of the economy, increasing production and creating new jobs, Prime Minister Yildirim said: "In addition, we are making comprehensive arrangements to save your loads towards the past."
We have implemented a lot of arrangements until the stock affordability and the installation of installation by providing a re-convenience of unpaid tax debts.
"Continue to produce for a country, continue to rely on your country, and your government will continue to lift the barriers in your forefront," he said.
Hakan captain's father was taken to hospital from high sugar
The father of Hakan swimr, who was detained as part of an operation against the FETBC / PDY terrorist organisation in Sakarya, was taken to hospital as the result of the interrogation.
As part of an operation against the FETBC / PDY terrorist group following the 15 July coup attempt by the Sakarya Republican Prosecutor's Office, former national football player Hakan Shakr and his father, Sermet shapr, were arrested yesterday.
The father of Hakan chawr, who was detained in Adapazari during his Friday prayer appearance today, was taken to hospital, surpassing the fence when the interrogation was taken.
The treatment of Sermet chadar, who was taken to hospital as a result of the rise, continues at the Sakarya Education and Research Hospital.
Turkey doesn't copy from the West, not giving up the European Union
Mehmet Simsek: Turkey doesn't copy from the West, not giving up the European Union
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, Science Industry and Technology Minister Faruk apology attended a meeting organised by Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, the Istanbul Industrial Chamber (ISO), on "those who are manufactured in Turkey."
"I think there are many distinctive results on the 15 July night and following developments," Science Industry and Technology Minister Faruk apology said at the meeting.
Most importantly, undoubtedly, it is the spirit of unity and tightening that all Turkey feels deeply.
The 15 July process has shown how robust dynamics in Turkey's economy have, and how much the community has drunk democracy.
"It is clear that in the economy and in democracy and in democracy and in democracy, the next process will be better and faster than the next process," he said.
"TURKCE 'NIN BU SIKINTIDAN KURTULMASI LAZIM
Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, who said he had been forced to tell the world on the 15 July coup attempt from Faruk apology, said they have declared mobility as a government.
"If there is 63.4% of the first five surgeries of the real sector, we should focus all our jobs and concentrate on this job," Zeybekci said.
For him, our president will go back and say that job.
With the real industry, the banking system, with the government, his politics, the unity and tightening of politics after the 15 July civil-democracy revolution, Turkey must avoid this shortage.
At the same time, we welcome the recent developments.
"Hopefully, in the coming period, we will focus on the sustainability of the banks in the coming period with the incentives of our president and the sustainability of this competition, which started downgraded by nine, Securities, and the continuation of the contingency," he said.
"YEShIL passport, IHRACATCIMIZIN EMRINE VERECETIZ"
"In the coming period, we will be a world winner, we will be in the world," said Nihat Zeybekci. "We will not leave the world, led by our prime minister, we will not leave the door."
We will not leave anyone who has not been in touch with increasing our visit.
"We will never and will never ignore it; we will not be in the forefront of the branch, while we will not be from the birds," he said.
Zeybekci also said that there will be a green passport to exporters, adding: "One of the most recent decisions came from the law, we now finish the regulation at the economy ministry; in the first figures, we will offer the privileged green passport to our exports, as well as our exporters."
"Coup GIRERIMINDE BULUNANLARIN state TEMIZLENMESK GEREKFOR"
"But we are behind, we need to look ahead," Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek said, referring to the 15 July coup attempt and the aftermath of the coup attempt.
"Substantially, those involved in this coup have to be cleaned out of the state, and this process is functioning, but more importantly, serious administrative reforms were needed to avoid the coup attempts of this kind," said Simsek.
As a climate for these administrative reforms, Emergency Hal has been declared, and so far there have been very serious structural reforms.
"We have acted in the democratic principles and the rule of law, which are subject to all of them, and we will continue to continue," he said.
Testifying that life has normalised in many areas, Simsek stressed that there is no slightest reason for the concerned companies and individuals who have not been able to fund terrorism.
"I think the foundations of Turkey's democracy are good, because when you look at the root of recent problems, you can see that this betrayal network is within the job.
"Therefore, the removal of this terrorist organisation from the state will strengthen Turkey's democracy if this period is closed in Turkey," he said.
"We are returning to Turkey's agenda, there is progress in structural reforms," said Simsek, who said the economy is generally solid and reversed to normal structural reform agendas.
Structural reforms are not a must, because in the world, populism, protectionism is increasing.
"Turkey can only prepare for the future by making reform," he said.
Finally, he stressed that Turkey will not copy from the West, adding that "Turkey may be in the separatists with our western allies, with our friends, but Turkey doesn't break from the West, it does not give up the European Union."
He jumped into the sea from 25 metres, and...
In Antalya, the 17-year-old Shail Tayyar Bayraker was in hospital with a fisherman from the 25-foot-high fallows, dubbed 'Kartal Hill'.
Shail Tayyar Bayraki, who was swimming with friends in the Konyasix sauce, then ballooned the sea from the 25m-high fallacy, known as "Kartal Hill" under its presence.
The professional swimmer, Shail Tayyar Bayraki, was incredibly incredible with the impact of the water.
The grandfather, who has been struggling to move in the sea, was removed from the coast by his friends, who were again professional swimmers.
Paramedics, who met the incident over the violations, took the Shail Tayyar Bayraker to the Antalya Education and Research Hospital with ambulance.
The discrepancies were found to have had no vital danger.
A friend of the Bayraker, who testified to the police, said: "He was incorporated by a fisherman from Kartal Hill."
"We didn't predict what would happen," he said.
25 dead - Courtesy of Courtesy
The settlements at Sarmada Kasabi, Syria's Idlib province, about 10 miles away from Hatay's Republicans County, were shot by regime aircraft.
Local sources reported that 25 people were killed and 40 injured in the attack.
2 separate airstrikes were carried out by regime aircraft in Sarmada Kasabi, in control of opponents near the Bab-Al Air Border Gate, in the face of the Cilveeye Border Gate.
Local Resources said the aircraft in the air strike targeted the settlements and that 25 people were killed.
Another 40 people were reported to have been injured in the attack, which was also heard from Republicans, and there is concern that the number of dead is rising.
President Erdogan elects Kaya for YOK membership!
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has elected Deputy Prime Minister H. Abdullah Kaya of the Yukseker Council (YOK).
"Our president has chosen Deputy Assistant Secretary of State H. Abdullah Kaya, in accordance with the resignation of the Seyit Ahmet Chief's resignation, 2547 / 1 beneficiaries," the presidency said in a statement.
Meanwhile, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan approved the "Law on International Workforce" Resolution 6735.
"The International Workforce Law," 6735, was sent to the prime minister to be published in accordance with the first fundraising of Article 89 of the Constitution (a), "the presidential Press Centre said in a statement.
2 brothers killed in Kahta killed in armed attack
At ADIYAMAN's Kahta County, 2 brothers, who were armed in the car, died.
The incident occurred on Mustafa Kemal Street in the evening.
The automobile, the 39-year-old Ramadan Karahan, who was headed to the County centre, opened fire with an unidentified man by an unidentified person.
The Karahan-run car, which lost control of the opened fire, stopped at another vehicle.
At this time, the man, who arrived at the scene of the car, fired the tree to Omar Karahan, 50, to Omar Karahan, 50.
The Karahan brothers suffered severe injuries, while the attacker fled the motorcyclist at the scene.
Police and health crews have been transferred instead of the incident.
The heavily injured Karahan brothers were taken to Kahta State Hospital with ambulance.
Omar and Ramadan Karahan, who received treatment at the emergency wards, have not been saved, despite the doctors' entire effort.
The bodies of the two brothers were on the morgue for the autopsy, with police examining mobiless and security cameras in the area where the incident occurred, and launched work to capture the identity of the attacker's identity.
Britain should channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will offer renovations and prosperity not only in our local communities and in London, but also across the country.
I think it will be quite attractive to Heathrow as it is in London 2012, where we have an incredible effort to bring all nation and regions to benefit from the Games.
The Olympics have provided great benefits for Stratford and East End.
And by creating opportunities for local residents and firms close to Heathrow, they will get it again.
We will only provide 10,000 new internships for our local communities, create 400,000 new jobs and will not leave jobless young people around the airport.
As for London 2012, it is likely that the struggle to expand Heathrow is too tough.
It was said to me that the UK would never be preparing for the Games and to be relaxed to the whole world.
The survivors were wrong in 2012 and will be seen burning on Heathrow.
There will always be obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering all the questions asked.
As in the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many, not just a few.
Expanding is the opportunity to create 180,000 new jobs and 211 billion £economic growth, and a lot of skills and jobs across both the airport and across the United Kingdom.
We have a wonderful team in Heathrow (which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years) and introduced an infrastructure investment worth £11 billion in time for the world's two most intense tracks.
We are now ready to offer a third pist, which is supported by private investment worth £16 billion.
The London 2012 Games was a great success for the United Kingdom, and I have no doubt that the Heathrow expansion will be.
It's time for us to recognize this Olympic spirit to the expansion of Heathrow and create a lot of skills and jobs that the UK will be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of Heathrow Board of Directors and former Treasury Department Trade Securities
Adblock Plus "like a kedi-fare game" on Facebook advertising
For companies that earn money from online advertisements, it looks like a "kedi-fare game," according to one of the companies making software to block advertising.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block the billboard on its website, Adblock Plus issued a blog that said its users could update their filters to block advertisements on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook testified that advertisements would change codes around the advertisements to make it difficult to identify which part of the page is advertising.
However, Adblock now says it has resolved new codes.
In sending a blog, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote: "It has been in place since it was invented to block the advertisements of open resource advertisements," and that Facebook is possible to produce its own solution in recent time.
The world's largest social media company's entry into this battle shows how large billboards have a great concern for the industry.
According to a study by Pagefair and Adobe last year, about 200 million people worldwide use advertising obstructions; this is four times the number of people using software in 2013.
Mobile advertisements with 1.03 billion daily active users who access Facebook with mobile devices now account for 84 per cent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
According to a spokesman, mobile advertising discrepancies have plummeted on Facebook's mobile applications and on Instagram because it is not effective on Instagram.
Facebook has shown that such a move is valued by investment, and the massage advertisements should still have enough income.
Also on Tuesday, Facebook said it would update the vehicle for "advertising preferences" so that people can better control advertisements offered to them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were worrying and that it would block some of the non-advertising content on the site.
A Facebook spokesman said in a statement with e-mail: "We don't offer a good experience to these people and we are planning to be interested in this problem."
The billboards are a distinguished tool, so we are focused on creating tools such as Advertising preferences to give people control.
One woman rushed into Swiss highway; incident appears to be suicide
The victim was bedding on the highway at midnight.
In the apparent incident, which appears to be suicide, police are searching for people who masterminded a couple of vehicles on the highway in the early hours of Thursday.
The incident happened at A1, near Morges in the Vaud canton, just after midnight on Thursday.
Vaud police said in a statement that the woman was "hopeless" in the dark on the night of the night, and a few of the vehicle crashed into him.
The 49-year-old Swedish woman, who was open to self-killing, had a few cars, including the truck.
He died at the scene.
Police said they were discussed with some of the drivers involved in the incident, but some had not been identified, and asked them and anyone involved in the incident to apply for them.
The lawyer, Gilles Hofstetter, said in a statement that Le Tribune de Geneve was "prosecuting a criminal prosecution as a logical" step in cases like this. "
However, it is not yet known whether the drivers involved in the incident will face any charges.
Was it possible to avoid the lights?
This is what the prosecutor must identify, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases in the past five years show that drivers will not be held accountable.
The paper included a person in both cases (both in the dark motorway) and was convicted that it was normal for drivers not to expect a spread on the highway in the midnight half.
Last year, a police officer has pleaded not guilty to causing death due to neglect of a police officer who killed a man on the road near Paynerne in August 2014.
In court, the 22-year-old victim was drunk and leaked on the road.
The court said it was "completely exceptional and unpredictable" that the police officer, who responded to an emergency call and found a man on the road, was "completely exceptional and unpredictable."
Those who knew about this incident near Morges on Thursday should call police from 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44.
NASA climate model: Venbase once labelled to live
According to estimates of the new NASA climate model, Venbase once had conditions for life.
Scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Studies Institute have developed a model to explore the history of Venbase, using similar tools and algorithms used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venbase was hosting conditions such as a warm, non-water swim and the atmosphere with CO2, which was once in the world.
Scientists have been dispatched in the past with Venbase's low-return speed with a thick horse.
However, the newest estimates suggest that Venbase may have had a finishing, World-like atmosphere, and may still be able to return slowly.
The model also looked at the topography of former Venbase.
Although more dry zones from the Earth are available from the World, it may once be able to protect the rapid steam with adequate water and geographical variables.
The former Venbase has also benefited from a 30 per cent more locker sun.
In a news release, GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio said: "The slow return of Venbase in a simulation of the GISS model was for almost two months to come back to the sun for almost two months."
This led to the swim, causing the swim to the rainfall, which make the swim sweep, such as an umbrella that protects the swim against solar-driven warming.
Consequently, only a few more cool average climate temperatures were discovered today than in the world today.
For Venbase, the model has created a story similar to the evolution made by planet scientists as hypothesis.
Venbase, even though he once had the proper conditions for life, has been subjected to too much drink and ultraviole in a few billion years of process.
The Okyanuss steam and water bubbles have been destroyed by blonde with ultraviole.
Hydrogen was exhausted and a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide, which has only a fatal greenhouse gas effect, is Venbase as we know today.
The researchers shared the results of the new Venbase climate model in Jeophysical Studies.
Patrick Roy resigns from Avalanche antennial
Patrick Roy stepped down as vice president of Colorado Avalanche teenager and hockey operations on Thursday, testifying that the team had not been promised in the decision-making process.
Joe Sakic, Colorado executive vice president / general manager, approved this development and said the club would immediately start searching for a new coach.
"For three years in the past three years, my head coach and hockey operations in Colorado Avalanche have brought my duties to energy, passion and determination," Roy, 50, said in his statement.
I was pronounced how I could improve the depth in the summer by giving the depth to this team and how I could improve it to a higher level.
To accomplish this, the vision of cool and VP hockey operations should be in a perfect harmony with the company's vision.
In addition, he must have the right to make decisions that affect the performance of the team.
In the current case, these conditions have not yet been met.
Sakic, who introduced Roy to the team on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me today about his decision," Sakic said.
He thanked him for everything he has done for our organisation and we wish him a chance in the future.
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award as the best coordinator in the league during his first season with Avalanche in 2013-14.
He gave the club 112 points and allowed the team to finish the league first, but Colorado lost to Minnesota in the first round of the play-off period and missed post-season games every two years.
Avalanche had a 39-39-4 goal in 2015-16 and scored five points less than it needed for the second joker area at the Western Conference.
The honour-listed goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cup games, two for the Montreal Canadiens and two for Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume strike, resume talks
The North Sea oil workers' strike has been suspended due to a fee, and top negotiators have begun discussions for a new round of talks.
The strike against the oil field services company Wood Group is progressively conducted in platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"We have decided to restart the process for resolving the current dispute with Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions," the joint statement said.
We will organise a series of meetings over the next few weeks to embrace a new viewpoint against the problems from the beginning of next week.
Labour unions have said that the protest against wage cuts, which could reach 30 per cent, was their first actions since 25 years.
Wood Group has cut nearly 9 percent this year in payments to contractors in the North Sea due to negative pressures in the market.
The company also imposed a 10 per cent price cut for loads in the coast in 2014 following this wage reduction process.
The company said additional cuts would provide the space needed for the company to pass the tighter period in the market.
Shell has fired thousands of people while streamlining operations in the merger with the UK energy company BG Group, and announced plans to cut oil and gas operations in the country by 10.
Energy companies are under pressure due to low crude oil prices, an economic situation that is an economic situation for the UK's decision to leave the European Union in June.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with worker leaders earlier this week to debate one of the biggest worker conflicts in the North Sea.
As he says, the North Sea is vital for the regional economy.
"We need an effective economy for the majority, not for the minority in the North Sea and across the country," he said in a statement.
Despite nearly $7 billion in investment in the past five years, 2016 is expected to invest less than $1.4 billion in new projects in the North Sea.
Kepler, Ulker measured the pace of return of stars in team star
The Kepler has helped the space telescope, its latest mission and skyscrapers Ulker can create the most complete catalogue for the return of stars in team stars.
The new data helps the skyscrapers to understand why the stars in team stars turn variable rapidly and understand the interest of return periods with the creation of the planet.
Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's sisters and Analysis Centre in Pasadena, said in a news release that "when we compare our results with the star downs, we hope to learn more about the relationship between a star, age and even the history of the solar system."
The Ulker team star is pictured above the 445 light of the world.
Most of the stars in the team's stars set up 125 million years ago and reach the new new accessible level.
They are returning at the highest pace that could have happened during their lives.
In peak return speeds, the stars, who are in this mature, create a large amount of star winds.
These winds have a broken effect on stars as the stars progressed in magnetic fields.
As a star gets older, the speed of return starts to decline.
Kepler is measured by watching the period between the appearance of each star's return speed and the outlook of noticeable star lectures such as solar legs.
The catalogue of the latest return speeds suggests that larger stars are returning faster than the small stars.
Rebull said the stars were beneath the dancers, making their returns on the single foot more slowly than the small ones.
Rebull said: "In Ulker's Baltimore, the slow returnees are much heavier, quick returnees are very lightly stars."
Ulker sees an ideal cosmic lab task to compare the pace of returns with star features, as the team star is very close.
Rebull said the "Ulker team star is young and older, providing theoretical models for star returns in both ways."
There is a lot more we want to learn about how the stars' return speeds, when and why, and why they leave their 'dance shoes' to a corner.
Rebull and his colleague Ulker detailed the team star's newest analysis of the return speeds as detailed in three new articles published in the Astronomical Derby shortly.
