28, the San Francisco Exchange Center Officially Dead
Shortly before he moved to San Francisco, the 28 year old, who, over the course of this week at a local shopping mall merdiven boşluğunda found dead.
However, the victim's brother, may be able to harm him, said he was not considering one of the said: "In the end, which was good for him," he said.
San Francisco Forensic Medicine Authority, Westfield Exchange Center Wednesday morning bodies, 28, a San Francisco resident Frank Galicia is owned by the killers have been announced.
San Francisco Police Directorate, the killers of death is murder, and the research.
The victim's brother Louis Galicia, San Francisco's ABC station KGO, before, in Boston, which is working as a kitchen department chief, Frank's, six months ago, a warmonger who sought to acquire San Francisco Sons & Daughters kitchen has begun to work as chief of the department, he said.
Official Sons & Daughters, this death was "themselves, and they were very sad," he said.
She said, "There is a hard working family, as well as a small ekibiz and özlenecek guy," said in a statement.
This difficult time, they are not alone in Frank's family, and we would like to make clear that it is the dualarımızın with them.
Louis Galicia, Frank had initially said he was "finally hostellerde and work for him, which was good," he said.
Louis Galicia, KGO, "One tutmuştu and a kızla requiring the agency," he said.
Louis Galicia, small men may be able to harm his brother, he said, adding that he was not one of them.
At the heart of the parents, he was a gentle.
Family has always been the way to establish a connection with a plate to prepare us for the 'food for us, "said Louis Galicia.
Münakaşaya hoşlanmazdı never getting into it.
My brother, sağlardı fit in every situation.
He said, "everything is yalnış while elsewhere in the world, that this is the moment every day, this is the raw ışıldayan elmastı," he added.
Knowledge of the 415km-575-4444 top mere SFPD İhbar Hattını was asked to search for it.
Assistant doctors are on strike: Calls for a new job has
Representatives of the Assistant doctors, bickering over a new contract with the trade unions' business has asked for permission.
The British tabipler Association (BMA) Assistant Doctors Committee (JDC), starting at the beginning of September, the general council more jobs has called for action to support it.
JDC, the gideremediğini with concerns about the contract, he said.
Assistant doctors and medical students, the contract agreement with the BMA voted against it.
This is the members who voted for was rejected by 58%.
Thursday night Twitter published an op, Ellen McCourt, the head of the JDC, the government's rejection of the contract, "about the problems, which is why they insisted that he was silent," he said.
He said: "In light of this, the JDC Board of Directors, the proposed new contract to completely disregard the official talks about the concerns, and called for the launch," he said.
JDC's leadership, the government's response to the sessizliğine, the BMA Board in September by the beginning of a programme to improve the business slow down to allow a formal appeal.
The dispute, the Assistant NHS doctors this year is the first in the history of the six total kesintiyi that includes participation in the strike.
The leader of the BMA's Assistant doctor, Dr Johann Malawana, the BMA's proposed contract terms to be rejected by then resigned.
54.000 Assistant doctors and medical students voted during the preceding meetings with members of the BMA must accept that it said it was a good deal.
After the vote, the Health Minister, Jeremy Hunt, in the UK, the contract will be valid for doctors in a way that would be implemented, he said.
Russia and Turkey: A 'uyumsuzlar alliance in?
This is a crisis of sonlandıran jestti.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey, and later seized on Tuesday, and the ongoing economic sanctions are the eight months of the war officially came together to announce sonlandırıldığını.
However, the St. Petersburg, Vladimir Putin, at the Palace of the Grand Turk mevkidaşını selamlarken, this compromise is the most obvious Ankara who are under the impression that past life.
Al sıkışıldı, yes.
However, Mr Putin's own zayıftı gülümsemesi is quite limited, even against the standards, and any other matter promoted by temperature.
On the contrary, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly "good friend" of Mr. Putin's; a five times, according to the report.
I am the number of.
He also said that relations with Russia will not remain dönmekle pre-crisis level, much more ulaşacağının has pledged to high levels.
The following day, a daily newspaper here, Mr. Erdogan's is never a bad thing to mock Markovic said.
I don't think that his heyecanı argues otherwise.
However, Mr Putin's cold shooting that intiba, Russia's leader has shown that he did nothing.
In fact, the first thing we said in a statement at the opening of the crisis, the cardinal: Turkey's border with Syria, the Russian war plane shot him.
Then, Russia's reaction to the hiddet were everywhere.
Mr Putin has made a sharp exit from Ankara to Moscow on the bıçaklamakla.
Much more had great Kırgınlık, quitting is the friendly against the will of the entity.
Rebuilding trust is real, it will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
Since November, the idea of the people of Russia has changed.
The state-controlled media, staggering for several months, and aggressive in a way that targeted the Ankara.
Suddenly, everything became a criminal the Turks.
Most of them ciddileri, top operators of Mr. Erdogan's family, the so called Islamic State in Syria's place in areas under the control of illegal oil suçlamalardı claim that profit from it.
He has flatly rejected it.
From the St. Petersburg, however, the official message is the logical time to move on.
Ultimately, the realisation of this meeting because of Mr. Putin, President Erdogan demanded the apology was received.
Russia can see it as a sort of victory.
The benefits for Ankara to call for a ceasefire is very clear.
First, Erdogan's meeting last month, and almost topple in the wake of the failed coup, which is why they will need dostlara.
Repeat terrorist attacks in Turkey, also came away impressed by him.
In addition, the effective economic reasons.
Sanctions imposed by Russia's hit hard; each year, especially in the coastal regions of Turkey, a few million of special flights carrying Russian tourists to be banned.
The number fell by almost 90%.
Also in Russia, tour operators and leasing companies will continue to be in the flights, and definitely feel relieved.
At the end of the season in the Mediterranean have extracted depend on it.
And this week, the state TV, the Turkish agricultural products ithalatlarına allowed to rebuild, and a decrease in the price of fruits and vegetables predicted.
In a speech Vedemosti haberden Turistler, "we will get there, domatesler here," he said.
However, the visit to Moscow, in a separate political value was available.
Ankara, in response to the coup in the West for the adequate, but more angry.
To participate in the United States due to the pace of progress in the talks on the salyangoz his anger eklendiğinde is in for a long time, Turkey's ties with the West and the soğukluktan kopmasından Mr. Putin is seeking to benefit from it.
The Russian leader in the wake of the coup attempt is certainly due to the support of elected officials to call for sympathy seems to be accumulated from Ankara.
Remember, that itself is a radical regime change in Moscow for fear of the inevitable tutumdu.
The sea was this glossy at this summit, Russia and Turkey, it seems to me that in a way that released by analysts as a "uyumsuzlar represents the alliance": The West's, and the two countries have refused to mock the poor.
The display, though, it played görüntüsüne, but remain pretty farklılar.
One of the most important of them about Syria: Although itself as a mediator in Moscow, Russia and Turkey supports the different parties.
Almost three hours of talks following the first two, but focused on this issue in his press conference, it will also support it.
Turkey's President, this is a question about the differences and yanıtlamaktan made it clear that, while Mr. Putin underscored çizmeyi chose them.
The common ground in Syria on the issue of how there is not a clear consensus.
After several months, however, have made it clear that the ongoing husumetten - and NATO member Turkey's Russian war plane shot düşürmesiyle created given the potential for absolute disaster - at least in the beginning of the two leaders to talk is certainly a good development.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, there is no outside of Scotland for customers.
According to the head of the bank's executive board beyanına RBS brand, the back office positions.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, will be there for our customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan, BBC Scotland's RBS markasının is associated with the global goals of the bank, he said.
Eight years ago, has been the target of almost gods batma withdrew them well, and if they want to.
During this period, the other consumer brand strategists, in order to protect the financial markalarını RBS into it.
This is the Six Ulus ragbi triumph at Wimbledon champion Andy Murray for so many millions of sterlin was supported with sponsorship.
Now, however, that the more national brands will be to make the right decision.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, will be used by the Scottish customers there, however, is the new başlangıçlar.
In England and Wales centre outside the stock exchange and the kote of situations to the RBS NatWest will be all atıflar.
The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland's Ulster Bank brands for customers is already in use.
For the individual banking as a much more dominant in the current smaller markalar; Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan, Inverness-shire's customers and staff at an interview to the round.
BBC Scotland, said: "After that, it was more of a bank we now have the greatest RBS brand markamız personelimizin investor, and there will be no employment brand," he said.
The bank itself is becoming a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
It is no longer a global, but I was in the local goals.
To this end, each of the communities where there will be put in a way that is a bit different, and our personnel, customers and will work under the name of these brands.
The RBS Six Ulus sponsoring the championship, it will not continue, and the profile of different brands on the sports sponsorluğu yükseltmekte announced that it is.
The steering board president, "we now have enough time to cross the markalar came from a bank because the soruyorduk (ourselves) how to do it for the customers of a bank can do better?" He said.
Three years ago, it's a great bank for our customers, and we will do it if we were made of these brands sunacağımızı alayvari bulurdum.
However, when we had the work and kendimizin, but with the needs of customers odaklanmamız göreceğinizi I think that too many changes.
Re sokabiliriz of these brands, that's why I think this is the right time.
Frankie Dettori, Predilection and has achieved victory in Newmarket and twice won the 3000.
Dettori, with the success of the double in Newmarket 3000. who was the champagne after his victory
Jockey Frankie Dettori, Newmarket on Friday in the UK, 3000. victory.
The local course, John Gosden's eğittiği Predilection and won the second victory of the night has reached this milestone.
The 45 year old Italian, with No Barriers in reaching this milestone in the sixth jockey.
Sör Gordon Richards near him, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Willie Carson and Pat Eddery, followed by the traces of the town.
Ghayyar before reaching to victory in the jockey, who has three championships and said: "This is a special situation," he said.
My parents are here, I am
It was 30 years ago this job başladığım Newmarket, I am really happy to be on the way.
This is not an important meeting, a Royal Ascot, with 20,000 people - not just an ordinary Friday night.
I hafiflemiş and, and I feel relief.
Dettori, following his victory in the Predilection for adopted by
The disabled in this milestone has been reached in two jockey: Champion jockey Richard Johnson is the defending champion and 20 times and was full of rekorlarla victory over 4300 of career, retired jockey Sör Anthony McCoy.
Derby, who won the race nine times, Lester Piggott's career has been a victory 4493
Frankie is one of our best jokeylerinden before him, and only a few people, when it reached a milestone to reach, is not surprising.
The owner of the style, and a strong person, but the heavy basmasını terazide than others to have the element of tactical mentality.
Horse race for him in a way that represents an extraordinary, heyecanı on this issue, and the people in the sport with the karizması senelerdir.
A few weeks ago, Frankie, in Epsom, only on weekends, and if not for a jockey who is running big yarışlarda 6000. triumph could be reached.
Serious, Frankie, United Krallık competed in the conquest of 30 years, a large part of it is very nice to see that it has passed.
He is very excited to a character, and it is very good for the British for a feature, however, is that this is an extraordinary beyond jockey.
Frankie Dettori, this milestone has become a symbol of the movement and the celebrated zıplayarak attan-down
Zıplayarak bitirdiği races, the attan zıplayarak inişlerine of Frankie Dettori has teamed up for two decades, it has become a symbol of the British engelsiz events.
This is full of its location straddled between inişli offer an opportunity.
In 1996, the Ascot's famous' Great yedili's victory in the race that includes a lot of great cleared a plane crash but survived and has been banned due to the drug did not comply with a law banning it.
Three years ago, the six month intending to return during the process, especially in the challenges çekse şüphelenenleri unfair to him, and the best way to go to become a strong character.
And that could continue for some time; Dettori before, at least until the age of 50 wants to continue in the competition.
Putin, president of Russia, Sergei Ivanov, the special pen removed
Russian President Vladimir Putin, Sergei Ivanov, special pen in a way that was unexpected.
Mr Ivanov for many years, Mr. Putin's they were part of a trusted inner circle.
The 63 year old, now it's the environment and transport was appointed as a special representative for the problems.
A statement from the Kremlin, Mr Putin's Russia, "Ivanov's decision to end his administration chief, said that" there is no reason, however, was.
It was for Mr. Ivanov, who since 2012 vekillik, Anton Vaino.
Vaino, 44 years old, is a former diplomat.
In 1972, the capital of Estonia, born in Tallinn, a prominent Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and was graduated from the Tokyo embassy task.
Later, at the head of protocol and government personnel administration ilgilenmiştir; as such statements in the Kremlin website (in Russian).
Following the deployment of Mr Putin, I said: "Thank you for the güvendiğiniz told me," he said.
İdarenin, the most important task of monitoring the implementation of the law, and the Albanians as a head of state, I think it is to support the faaliyetlerinizi.
Mr. Putin, the Russian television station on Friday, Mr. Ivanov's dismissal, and he wants to pass rather than the departure of Mr Vaino, he said.
Gülümsemeler convincing?
This, in Moscow, a move which alike.
Sergei Ivanov, for a long time, Vladimir Putin's closest allies, such as çalışmaktaydı and himself as one of the Soviet security forces served in the KGB.
As a special artifacts was one of the most powerful people in the country.
The president with Putin at a meeting broadcast on state television, and both of his own retirement, special items, he said.
However, despite the smiling pozlara kameralara where very few people have been convinced that it; in particular, near the parliamentary elections in this period.
Is this a kind of a dispute over the face of power fight?
No one knows yet to do so.
Suddenly a man who may be, however, the president of Russia's environmental policy, the official explanation is that the [requesting şüphelerle.
According to the Kremlin website said the excerpt was included Mr. Ivanov to kill Mr Putin has not done as well as saying: "In the beginning of 2012, a konuşmamızda this difficult - even the troubled diyebileceğiniz - for the term of four years, it seems to me that I want güvenmenizi is on the right.
Well, apparently, four years, eight months, I served as the head of the special pen.
Mr Ivanov, in December 2011, took on this role.
The previously served as deputy prime minister and the defence ministry.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council, and, like Mr. Putin, a former KGB member with state security forces.
At the end of the state in the 1990s, Mr. Putin, who replaced the KGB, the Federal Security Forces (FSB) head konumundayken, Mr. Ivanov has been to him.
Once Mr. Putin came to power, he is one of the most trusted, acting as one of the five people.
Mr Putin's lead in the third period to make it unconstitutional, Mr. Ivanov's Mr. Putin's second term as president, after it was believed to be.
This task, however, Putin, another close ally Dmitry Medvedev, who has been transferred to it.
Mr. Putin, who was elected three and a half years later, became prime minister before returning again.
Series of Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson, yapımcıya vurduktan self after
Gibson, who last month in a series of Los Angeles setinde physically in a fight.
Undertook a series produced by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, a joint statement announced that he was fired.
The special agent Aaron Hotchner guarantees to Gibson, ahead of the expected announcement of fesih, issued an apology on Tuesday.
Set of issues related to the creative differences, and a row was available.
"Such an incident at a presentation I take for learning," he said.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, the declaration, the character played by Gibson, a group that monitors the FBI ajanını detailed information on how the programme that will be sometime in the future, the report said.
Earlier, Dharma & Greg, a situation that is part of a komedisinde, 54, actor, is the first since the 2005 sezondan Agency shows the programme.
Gibson, in a presentation on Friday, "I love Criminal Minds, and in the past decade in the two years I have worked with him I Left and ruhumu," he said.
I would like to stay to the end, however, it is not possible anymore.
Only the authors, producers, actors, and, most importantly, wonderful ekibimize can have a programme I want to thank the best destekçilere.
In the second decade of the programme for the season on September 28th ekranlara is expected to return to work.
The fish's secret Banff bahçesindeki
A person living in the area of Banff, the Banff in the garden that emerged in the fish's applied for aid to be defined.
Kevin Bain, this sea hortumu 75 fish could be transported with the fish off the sand.
Bain in the 500m away from the sea, someone found two long inç, hoping to shed light on the exit from the fish's sights on Periscope.
Queensferry Parade: He described was no longer in the bridge
The project is worth £1.35 billion in May and should be completed by 2017, the
Engineers have joined the north Queensferry procession and viyadüğü; this is no longer the bridge to bağlandığı means that he described.
This is an each of the three surrounding the bridge building, "tabliye fanları ilkidir between" four of the closure.
He described the bridge's cross from the 600 metres long and more than 30,000 tonnes of ağırlığındadır.
More than 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete, with the support of 46 kablosundan.
The project is worth £1.35 billion in May and should be completed by 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown, today visited the facilities at the land bridge was one of the first people walking.
"He said:" This is the construction of the Queensferry Parade, a historic and symbolic moment.
We are all for the construction of this part of the bridge was just over 30,000 tonnes of concrete used in this project and the truly epic scale mühendisliğe evidence....
Tabliyesi Viyadük and bridge the gap between the bridge's size and ağırlığına are extraordinary, but this is very sensitive to fit into a delicate work that requires toleranslar.
Overall, a total of bridges tabliyesinin almost 79% of the consolidated case, today is the first concrete dökümü tabliyenin kesitinin in Rosyth will be carried out on the bridge in the entire tabliyenin kaldırılmaya means that they will be ready for it.
Forth Geçit and Bridge contractors by the project director Michael Martin said: "All of the projects that the bridge, the first closing is always marks an important milestone.
This extraordinary project, this is the closing, construction mühendisliğinde öncülüğü.
In the past, and the widening of the road tabliyesinin also has to decide on the level of the North Tower on the north side of the gap -- or in the wake of kara- kapatmamız was required.
This is in the north to the south came up to 700 millimetre viyadüğün were carried out.
This is a very big but, at the same time, a very sensitive işlemdi.
The reason is that the big, viyadüğün 222 metres long, almost 6,000 tonnes of ağırlığında and eğimde gerekmesiydi withdrawal of about 3%.
That is sensitive to the values of tolerance for it must comply with the team was very low; only a few on both sides until a millimetre.
Luckily, it all went on the road.
Moelfre Bay rescue team: Three of the man's lucky to be alive,
The three men, Anglesey, in the wake of the fishing teknesinden düşmeleri "lucky to be alive," he said.
Moelfre RNLI lifeguard filikası station, tertibatın Moelfre after cases in the Gulf on Friday, the British summer time with 13: 20 alert.
The three men, tekneleri themselves to continue down the path towards a safe space strove for a swim.
Moelfre Teknenin lifeguard filikası control, "we saw them with the right agencies highlighted concern we get," he said.
"Fortunately, we are on the right path until it reaches them with strong gusts of wind uzaklaşmıştı," he added.
Two of the one made by a local fishing boats kurtarılırken dropped to third, 60, a man tired of a life without the yeleği şamandıraya tutunurken.
All of which is the right way to the shore lifeguard filikasına was removed and the lifeguard station has been appointed filikası
Let me say Mr Jones said: "The failure of the falling three men, they are alive and they were lucky to have never received a setback.
Boat motorunda had an emergency halt to undersea boat, however, when it comes to the left and capsize in a way that people using the tekneyi kopmuş should be.
Today, these three prior to the man someone.
For the health and happiness of a valuable fishing, the Pokémon Go
I really would like to see how the world has changed at alarming.
Young people and children is no longer a game to play out, preferring to spend time ekranlara, saying it was in the past ten years, most of the people was an üzüldüğü.
Pokemon Go kanepeden and encourage people to act.
Ekranlara, saying most time, especially in the TV and video oyunlarına sınırlıyken over time and, finally, smart telefonlara until it has spread.
For this reason, technology and each other to act in the open air is not drawn up elements is really wonderful to see.
Of course, in the 90's, especially in the video game, which was created for the express line (and later, playing cards, and the other side turned into products), a practice dating back to the karakterlere Pokémon Go, I am referring to.
A lot of popular culture, like olgusu, this new play at the beginning of July in the United States, Australia and New Zealand also is submitted ortalığı katmıştı each other.
Later, the extreme yüklemeye sunucularda due to the intense interest in other countries, it has been postponed.
Over the course of several days Pokémon Go Tinder more and almost the same number of Twitter users.
But what about how it?
In short, if necessary, to explain to the players, smart phones, GPS and follow up, and the way to search for Pokémon bulduklarının çekebiliyor in a photo on the screen with her '(by telephone) or yakalayabiliyor, in them.
A game played at a younger generation of this madness for the arayış kanepeden, took part in the event.
Play in the United States, "he said," with an average of one person every day, and the number of steps taken by a substantial increase.
Developed for the Apple Watch, a monitoring and enforcement of 35,000 kullanıcıyı Cardiogram, shortly before he was to play in the Washington Post, in the next two days, by people who do not exercise every day for 30 days, the rate of people from 45 per cent to 53 per cent, have risen, he said.
The company does not know who played a Pokémon Go; only the raw data at the level of exercise has told people.
"We want people to set aside time for 30 minutes," "kanepeden removal" and "to be active every day, most of the" encouraging the public health campaign, most of the public health message was boring and perişan noted by people who seem to be largely ignored.
But still, the importance of how egzersizin vurgulansa.
Those who do not exercise on a regular basis, there is the possibility of cancer or depression.
The exercise of control, on issues such as high blood pressure and diabetes, and that would help listelenemeyecek here has a long list of benefits to.
Pokémon Go's beauty, however, the people enjoying their çıkarmasıdır to make something out of it.
In this way, the health karşılanır in three key elements: Action, clean air and sun, and the light entertainment.
Some people even the new friends edinebilmektedir during a hunting trip.
Business as usual, looking for something to complain suratsız oyunbozanlar are also available.
Marched in the door -- and, of course, is one of çarpabilir.
What will make a difference?
Presented in a major innovation.
Smart phone applications, such as the Fitbit hareketimizi although to us in this game, as well as a reason to exercise sunmadı.
Go ahead and use the influence of yeniliğin will slowly peter out.
However, because of the success of the Pokémon, practices and virtual reality in the real world activities and ava broke through to people more active, healthy, and that the game will be a lot of help.
Www.drjoetoday.com at Dr. Joe's blog yazılarını okuyun
Simone Biles, winning the gold medal in the women's gymnastics captured general
Forget Christmas the pressure on.
Forget Christmas heyecanı.
Simone Biles's there is the whole bağışıklığı.
Jump on the dynamic.
The balance beam.
Everywhere and the shock.
Especially mükemmellik down.
And that it is no longer an Olympic champion.
The 19 year old American gymnast, the first in the overall assessment on Thursday wrapped up in the Olympics, as he and the rest of the world has made it clear that the difference between the two.
In all, to 62,198 points, the owner of a silver medal in the team, "and" Last Five friends, Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Alija Mustafina's many were tortured.
The United States of America, Simone Biles, on Thursday, Brazil's Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympiad in the overall assessment of the women's artistic gymnastics beam performances.
Biles, in the fourth in the overall assessment of the award, and became the fifth American woman in general and his own jenerasyonunun and perhaps the best of all time, as his name was announced.
A total of broke into tears as the last, and this is the main in order to achieve a long travel is over.
This success, the sport to new levels of many a time in every ulaştıran nesilde athletes such as Michael Phelps has issued on the same level.
Biles, in the last three years of her life in the 10 to 15 per cent of the gold medal of the world championships and the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton him as "the best I have seen so far, as a gymnast," which provides adlandırmasını ambitions, and the volatile mix of sensational rutinler and as one of the sport's most başarılılarından.
In Brazil it was expecting a final test; this competition among the other people in the field with Biles rather than burden posed by him and great expectations.
Texas, Spring in the family's home less than a handful of gold madalyadan and the return of görülecekti as a disappointment.
The United States of America, Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman, Brazil in the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics in artistic gymnastics, respectively, in the women's overall assessment after receiving the gold and silver medals, Thursdays, Ağu.
Biles, who retired the first national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's farewell party by serving as a sign that the ünlem wins on Tuesday.
Biles at the summit on the right of this long koşusunda bakmadığında insist, though, that this is not exactly true.
Egzersizi rutinin coverage has become a symbol of the movement that includes taklalı, the Rio Olympic Arena, just outside in the streets will be in full compliance with the Latin music and prepared.
This it is not a coincidence.
His mother and father is likely to adopt a smaller by suggesting, and Aimee Boorman's antrenörlük said in a gymnastics hall in Boorman's trip, discovered by the girl's mother, has become a force.
Since the summer of 2013, one of the general değerlendirmelerden kaybetmedi; it needs to continue as long as he wants to Biles, a series win.
Although he is in the leadership of the two Mustafina preparing this geçiciydi.
Biles's world title for its balance and egzersizleri there has yet to be located.
The balance beam with a score of 15,433 has been put in place, and it's egzersizinde 15,933 caps points.
Raisman, expects a final score nezaketen him briefly during the job with zeal and Biles, who once wrote a smear undergoing real vision, while ışıldayan red, white and blue eye makyajı surrounding tearfully belirdi.
Raisman's performance, however, was later shared by dördüncülüğü Mustafina, who lost the bronze medal four years ago, the performance was like a replay.
This time, the Americans "in the name of the Nine," suggests that the 22 year old team captain.
A suspicious from time to time with a return to the place where the overcome egzersizi sent the crowd after Serbia.
As for Biles, 19, earlier this week, shared by many of the tweets is now a completely new understanding it can be said that after the:
Police: Serial Killer vakasında 3 victims, the car was shot listens to music
Phoenix's first serial killer vakasında for ten years, two women and a 12 year old girl, according to police reports released on Thursday as car was shot and listens to music.
Officials, Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah's garage on 12 June in a car was shot on the way to the park, he said.
The report on the passenger side of the car armed people, while pistol and eight shots, and another goal uzaklaştığı said.
Police said that three of the murder was a robbery attempt to görünmediğini says because the aggressive adult victims were carrying their hands or $2.900 received the money.
Phoenix police spokesman, Deputy Commissioner Jonathan Howard, armed attacks in the previous four researchers that this attack was directed to examine whether or not linked to, he said.
Four months at a time where the predominantly Spanish origin -- refused to a total of nine in the attack in which seven people were killed and two people were injured.
Howard, who earlier this month, CBS subsidiary, KPHO, "This is the front of the house was in the area of a settlement," said in a statement.
The suspect in the late 1990s, a brown Nissan model, in the late 1990s, a model in a black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln, which includes a few vehicles are thought to have used it.
The researchers, from the same murderer is related to the attacks, and it was concluded that by the same killer discovered refused to provide to reach it.
Ellis (33) yaralanmaları due to hospital and then died.
Liner (31) and his daughter Maleah Ellis, who died at the scene.
A person who have seen it, and it parked police car led the music dinlemesinin behaviour is not a situation, he said.
Officials at the same time, the three murders, half an hour before an empty trucks to fire on targets related to the incident in a police report.
The researchers found the bullet, a koltuktan a bullets and the engine bölmesinde parçacıkları identified in the bullets.
The mother of a 6 year old mikrosefali hastasının: "It is getting better."
Like most of the six year old child, to sing in the Edmund Picciuto, oyuncaklarını and, of course, is also annesini enormously.
Unlike their peers, however, Edmund mikrosefali discomfort in the current; this, her mother Elizabeth Picciuto's hamileliği was not aware of its existence during a distortion of the genetics.
The first comes home, the first think that it was yapamayacağım.
I can't do it.
I am I did not do it.
These are, of course, is not true, of course, or be it, "he said.
He and his wife, Vincent, Edmund's never have them tanıyamayabileceği kalamayabileceği and even alive.
Some doctors, the care home said went so far as to offer.
"The first tepkim Picciuto, that people are no longer doing the düşünmediğimi was to say," said in a statement.
Edmund, with the help of a yürüteç yürüyebiliyor.
Edmund, until the age of three steep oturamadı or emekleyemedi and still konuşamıyor.
But he is reaching some of the turning points of the slowly.
With assistance but yürüyebiliyor and cycling.
In addition, the two brothers, and he likes to sing and play a lot.
Elizabeth, Edmund, please, "it seems to me that the song" Affairs shows that the language of pointed to the scientist.
Picciuto, told CBS News that "öğretiyoruz are the sign language," he said.
But, as we know, this is not the sign language, Edmund's are spinning their own signs, he says.
Mikrosefali, due to a number of different situation could arise; Edmund, a situation may be present, such as genetics and kızamık during pregnancy and Zika virüslerin enfeksiyonlardan also posed by such as.
There is a very large, and in the course of the disease.
Zika infection due to people who will be affected by how it will affect life is too early to say.
Picciuto, recalls the emotional burden of the future of the denouement.
What will happen to repeatedly soruyordum added.
What will be?
And he still does not do it.
In fact, it seems to me that no one really say to beklemediğimden baya has long been a question about the course of the disease and the sormadım.
Picciuto, however, due to the Zika doğuştan apology, full of hope for the babies anneleri sunabilecek recommendations.
A better.
You know, it would be better for you.
Çocuğunuzu seveceksiniz, çocuğunuz sevecek you in.
Louisiana, Mississippi, in heavy rain and water rescue services raids
In Louisiana, in heavy rain and widespread water raids, until Saturday, with more expected yağmurun valiyi on Friday to declare a state of emergency.
State of the National Weather Service, in the northeast of Louisiana and Mississippi, the flooding of numerous people in the south, and that this is common in the wake of the flow of heavy rain, the water raid posed a danger of infection.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards, state officials have repeatedly said that the contact with the local authorities and is on the way to the affected mahallelere support, he said.
Valilik Gross Domestic Security and Emergency Hazırlığı Office spokesman Mike Steele, high water vehicles, boats and receive requests for siperlikler, he said.
Steele, only for the owners of Tangipahoa tonnes of siperlik request, he said.
The southern Louisiana until Saturday's raid nöbeti will be implemented in most of the water.
The weather service, a space for additional 3 to 5 inç rainfall could be called up, he said.
The South Alabama in the Mobile area in the rain continues on Saturday in a raid nöbeti water was available.
Both of Louisiana in Baton Rouge and Denham Springs, near the Comite River, near the Amite reaching a record suspension during the week and is expected to be reached.
Tahminci Alek Krautmann, both in the river near Baton Rouge home of many suburban areas bırakabileceğini under water, he said.
He is also the host of rivers to Lake Maurepas will slow the flow of water in the owners of Ascension, a threat to the flow of the raid, he said.
Liverpool, Louisiana, Mississippi, which is just south county line, Tickfaw River, one of the most measured by 9 in the morning to have already reached yükse. Friday.
Rescue workers, the people of Mississippi, which is in the southwest of Amite and Wilkinson fatalities to save water baskınlarından continues.
Leroy Hansford, and his wife and his son, were near the Gloster kurtarılanlar on Friday.
Hansford (62), from his house, normally 400 feet away from the Beaver Deresi Federal cascaded over the course of the night, he said.
Seated nearby, another and that his son had warned him, he said.
Hansford, "" uyandık and water to come, "he said.
Until Belime.
His wife, Hansford, 48 derede lived here throughout the year, the highest level because of this, he said.
Hansford, he and family members of the disabled, and that he is the only person yüzebilen, he said.
Hansford, the third largest in the emergency workers, military style on Friday, and saved a kamyonla sığındıkları Gloster leads in the fire station, he said.
Krautmann, heavy rains continues at a fast pace, "push the water the Intergovernmental" and is considering the authorities to issue evacuation orders, he said.
Krautmann, Livingston near the monitors, until midnight Friday morning rain 13,75 inç yağdığını reported, he said.
Krautmann, from Wednesday (that has since been doymuş high level, he said.
Could have been the heavy rains and water raid of the blast, the owners of the rescue of residents of Tangipahoa and five of the schools in the school district for the holiday.
CBS subsidiary, WWL, a woman in Tangipahoa municipal council member of the raid on the house of 200 under water, he said.
The residents have been evacuated and two churches at the moment, however, they are also under the water.
Neighbourhood Officer Robby Miller, authorities due to the rising waters stranded 72 people were saved and seven domestic animal, he said.
In the town of Amite, and the city of Hammond sığınaklar opened for those evicted.
He said, "the water began to retreat, will be allowed to return home," he said.
In the city of Hammond Tangipahoa Mahallesinin, due to the rising waters of almost two dozen the street has been closed and the water away from homes and businesses to keep their employees to be siperlikler was presented by residents.
The city's administrative chief, Lacy Landrum, "experience is the latest major ayındaydı March raid on water," he said.
This would be a similar incident.
In Mississippi, the Harrison crash Emergency Director Rupert Lacy Gulf coast yağmurun remains in a stable, he said.
On Tuesday, a few of the water in the house on Friday, however, the raid are reported so far for any reporting is not in this direction, he said.
In the Amite Shopper Value Foods's executive director, Keith Townson, 40 years of living in this region.
"More than ever before the Townson görmediğim in places where the water is the water," he said, and he added, "I saw, and there is still rainfall," he said.
"What the" porous kurşunlarla Mahaj, 6, Brown, Philadelphia avoided saldırısından alive
Police said the boys at the age of 6 in Philadelphia says it was shot well, this, the city has a child at the age of 6 this week was the second incident.
For the CBS Philadelphia Mahaj Brown's grandmother and his grandfather, identified.
Brown's grandmother and his grandfather vücudunda, kasık region, leg, arm and karnı in areas in which there were multiple firearms seriously injured in the hospital, however, is to raise awareness about while on the ground, he said.
Grandmother DeLores Melendez, who suffered "too much gas stations, the tiny gövdesi kurşunlarla porous," he said in a statement.
I can't believe that this in.
Boys in the hospital in critical condition, between koruyanlar listelendi and some ameliyatlardan.
The family, gas stations, which are expected to iyileşmesinin, he said.
Due to begin operations in the first grade at the local elementary school.
Brown, who was among the four people in the Germantown area.
The two, 29, 32 years old, is one of the two men "was.
CBS Philadelphia, 29, of one of the men is in critical condition, the condition of the other two victims were in stable condition, he said.
İstasyon, boy, 29, who is in critical condition, one of the men, along with the seat of a car that was hit, said.
The other two were not the victims' car, and police that one of the attackers is looking into whether or not.
Dedektifler, CBS Philadelphia to multiple armed assailants may have shot at each other, he said.
The place of the incident, the weapon belonged to different offensive weapons of attack style bullet were everywhere.
It certainly has been a longstanding conflict.
On both sides of the street and the kaldırımın kovanlar was available.
This is that there is more than one armed assailants, and that both are active, "Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi Philadelphia them at gas stations, he said.
More than one in the region, houses and vehicles were also damaged.
No arrests have reportedly kameralarını views from security and the police.
Again, 6 years old, a girl, on Tuesday, the West while playing in front of his home in the neighbourhood Oak accident kolundan was shot with a bullet.
He is still in the process of healing, and the police are searching for a suspect.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie, the reason for the need duymamızın
This year the name of the Women's Olympic Gymnastics team taktım and that it's more than one reason.
First, since 1984, I ran all of the Summer Olympics and the United States have never been so dominant.
The second one is: This is a team with a lot of girls have three children, an inspired jimnastikçiye: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie," Hernandez said.
The Jewish Aly Raisman and Madison Kocian, a Catholic, introduced by the structure of the team everyone gururlandırıyor.
The team arrived in America at the end of a similar to it.
At the same time that black and Latino origin in the high levels of women's sport in its presence.
In the past four years, the first female gymnast, an American of African origin, was always there.
Late last year, Simone and Gabby sıralamadaydı 1 and 2.
This is a powerful thing.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic şampiyonuydu and America supported him.
The whole world is now three World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez's unexpected grants, however, was the extraordinary performance of his gymnastics rutinlerinden could be seen.
On Thursday, Simone, who won the gold medal in the women's overall assessment of the American in the fourth.
And his teammate Aly Raisman won a silver medal in the.
This is the best times of the sport we tanılık gymnastics kurslarında across the country, however, the situation is like this.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie, in order to get a part of the Olympic takımlarında Aly and Madison, and was followed by the same route.
"In the past," Quint -- is the fact that, the next Olympic gymnastics team, only four will have to be a gymnast and it Marta Karolyi's antrenörlük should be his last year.
In reality, however, is a very expensive sport and gymnastics gymnasts, parents paid training, travel, previously played, the competition, the hotel fees (coaches, gymnasts and for families), and a host of special gymnastics club, supported with a fee.
Most of these enterprises of these gymnastics clubs desteleyebilecek, wealthy suburban districts.
These clubs, training, and the only place still jimnastikçilerin jimnastikçilerin costly for their families and require a long term commitment.
Simone Biles's coach, Aimee Boorman and Laurie Hernandez's coach Maggie Haney, these athletes as they began jimnastiğe eğitmekteler since.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie, from the affected communities for countless young girls are more accessible and reasonably priced, allow sunmayız gymnastics training.
I their own gymnastics vakfımı I composed of 20 years ago.
Kuruluşlarımda, Harlem, based in the city, as well as more than 15,000 young people (primarily that black and Hispanik) for free and low-cost gymnastics training, and we both national and international şampiyonlara Coaching.
In September, this is great Olympic sporunu learning and take advantage of that, young people who deserve the opportunity to offer high quality gymnastics training to Detroit (büyüdüğüm genişleyeceğiz location).
Gymnastics, vücudun kuvvetini, through increased flexibility and the mentally disabled, and on behalf of hard work, discipline and commitment of our perception.
This kombinasyon, health care, schools, and here it is... the long term benefits in terms of success.
Thousands of young girls who will govern jimnastiğe, this will be an inspiration to the team's response, and it's a great thing.
Participation in sports activities, especially if it is very important for the girls.
It's really exciting zamanlardan we.
Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison, winning the gold medal in the Olympic team, saying they have made it clear that the girls "Force" and has a different background, many young daughter, healthy, strong and to become a successful young women because they are motivated teşekkürler.
Jeremy Hunt's Assistant, following the rejection of its offer would be doctors decided to continue strikes
They developed with the British Union of tabipler workers after reaching agreement on a contract to end the dispute, hoped, who participated in the vote, however, has claimed more than 37,000 lives, 58 per cent of the Assistant doctor has been rejected.
In July, Mr Hunt, the NHS's "is not the property of anyone," and that further delays would harm the staff and patients about the contract and announced plans to impose sanctions against it.
The first group of Assistant doctor, apart from the normal hours to improve bakımın working nights and weekends, including the implementation of changes in the new contract.
BMA's Assistant doctors committee, Dr Ellen McCourt, the declaration yesterday night said: "Assistant doctors in connection with the proposed contract, there are still serious concerns about; in particular, it could trigger the current crisis in the labour force, and all the doctors think benimsenmediğini an equal position," he said.
The first group of doctors in the new contract is only eight weeks remaining in this process needs to be progress and time to dolmak.
BMA's efforts to resolve the dispute by talking to the government's reluctance to interact to form, and in some cases, have been in touch with the quietness sağır.
This is Jeremy Hunt's last month, the door is always open, despite the line will be seen as an improvement.
"Jeremy Hunt's failure to take action immediately, lift its sanction, and Assistant must heed the concerns of the doctors," he said.
Assistant, doctors fail to do so, the business has to improve their actions that they are prepared to have a clear.
The latest strike in late April, almost 13,000 and 100,000 an apparently routine operations, nurses and consultants, the strike is forced to look on, rather than the doctors.
Ministers, has been developed with the British tabipler Union workers after reaching agreement on a contract to end the dispute.
The BMA contract in question 54.000 Assistant doctor wants to improve the salaries for the weekend.
NHS employers executive board director, Daniel Mortimer, Assistant to any doctors not to strike.
Mr Mortimer said: "The strike will not solve anything, however, the already intense pressure on the team and services and patients, Assistants and worry for their families, and all the disturbed."
In the past two months, our discussions with the Assistant Doctors Committee on collecting and the Ministry of Health and other officials, along with the Gözetmenlik Engagement and İhbarda Bulunma concerns related to the way that we are close to a positive.
Employers, the key issues - the distribution, education, resilience, and additional training for those who build their careers, education costs, a bilateral memorandum of understanding on the curriculum, training and motivated to tıpta - such as the wage gap between the sexes, with the continuation of the positive communication, November, February and May, in line with the agreements reached with the BMA that act as employers, Britain's Ministry of Health Medical Training and taken by how seriously umutluydu warned it is a signal.
At a total cost of £2 a day, able to handle the threat of heart attack drugs
Officials that more and more people to be given for long after the premise of thousands of heart attack patients have been available will cost £2 per day.
Pıhtılaşmayı that ticagrelor, heart for those who repeat narrowed the risk of crisis.
Pharmaceutical, the heart of 12 months of crisis which followed verilmekte and stroke or other azaltmaktaydı the risk of a crisis.
NHS watchdog, Nice, cardiovascular problems, in order to reduce the risk of a further signal that it recommended that people in four years.
Now, however, the NHS watchdog, Nice, cardiovascular problems, in order to reduce the risk of a further signal that it recommended that people in four years.
Every year in the UK around 140.000 people through a heart attack, and a quarter of them, or any other crisis crippling geçirmektedir.
The cause of the heart crises and felçlerin, oil commodities birikerek arter record oluşturmasıdır hang in there.
Plağın parçalanırsa, this is why the blood pıhtısına and the assumption is that the blocking of the great heart may have caused the crisis.
And if the flow of blood from pıhtı beyne if they block the flow of blood, reminding stroke oluşur.
A crisis before, having spent most of the risk of another crisis is more of it.
The United Krallık company AstraZeneca, which was created by the commercial name Brilique Ticagrelor, pıhtı by reducing the possibility of this risk.
The draft manual, published today, Nice, 12 months for people to be given ticagrelor 90 MG and then twice a day for three years, along with 60 MG aspirin önermektedir to implement it.
The Nice health technology evaluation centre director, Professor Carole Longson, said: "The current effective secondary prevention treatment, but as much as a quarter of heart attack geçirenlerin, another heart attack or a stroke and often devastating consequences of them."
Fear of renewed nüksetme, a person's quality of life is quite yaratabilmektedir have a negative effect on it.
The evidence ticagrelorun, together with the use of aspirin, who have a heart attack before, kişilerde repeat heart attack and stroke risk reduction shows that it is effective.
Ticagrelorun proposing a temporary, waiting for thousands of people to benefit from the treatment options is no longer has.
Ticagrelorun etkililiği and that the information about the safety of three years -- primarily -- is limited to the risk of bleeding, the guide in the wake of the draft of this period, there is no cure for it.
PC culture, Muslim areas has increased the yolsuzluğunu vote
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman, the government last year after the report was dismissed from his post because of corruption
The devastating report presented today, as he demonstrated in the political culture of truth, Muslim topluluklarında extensive vote fraud to be ignored.
Eric Pickles, the former Cabinet Minister Sör, "ethnicity and religion in the election because of the" extreme sensitivity over suistimaline due to the neglect of the evidence that the police, the municipal election observers and the banks.
The former communities secretary, and today's anti-corruption tsar, voters sindirilmesi religious grounds that it is a poor level of voters who fear that the police in order to protect the voting was allowed to withdraw out of kabinlerinin lanes need to be said.
The voters said their vote was ID cards to prove their identity with bulundurmalarını suggested.
In the current case, the voters in the name of the tapes and talking is not enough.
The report, the people who vote twice during the voting for the prevention of parmağa suggests that even if the permanent mürekkep sürülmesini.
Eric Sör, to provide for those needs to be a better way of protection, he said.
He is the board documents and unofficial committees or working groups on the decisions in regards to ensure better access to it.
"This is not only to provide protection against the arising in the elections, but at the same time, the local government to hand it to the culture of corruption and financial fraud, aims to protect," he said.
The report, Tower Hamlets, East London's Downing Street in the wake of the scandal in the ballot order was drafted.
Last year, the court ruled that a special election, the repeat of corruption and illegal practices in the wake of the mayor, Lutfur Rahman, has decided to be taken from his post.
The court, Rahman, the Muslim community's religious hislerini utanmazca "abuse" and accusations of racism and Islamophobia itself eleştirenleri susturduğunu identified.
Rahman's "campaign on the faith of Muslims who voted for him as it is a religious duty as basis," said.
Up to 300 game şüpheliydi or the use of false identification, or the result of using such as başkasıymış votes.
Eric Sör throughout the country, there is evidence that fraud had been made, he said.
Itself, especially in the mail and warned about the corruption of votes here - the Muslim community, the elderly individuals to vote their choice to place pressure on claims.
Sör Eric, who figures to prove identity bulundurmasını with them in a way that the voting system that includes some of the suggestions for the regulation of
The report involved the following wording: "Some of the ethnic minority populations, particularly women and young people, in particular, valuable livestock Pakistan and Bangladesh origin communities in accordance with the will of the elderly vote in the direction that is under pressure to be given evidence.
"The institutions of the state, ethnicity and religion, based on the extreme hassasiyete against" political truth "that this kind of behaviour due to concerns that it was available," he said.
Eric Sör, postal votes with the political evraklarını aktivistlerin "processing it in order to vote," explained, which includes the proposal for the regulation of the system in a way that is 50.
The report reviewed by Theresa May, who is also the election kütüğünün immigration and welfare fraud as aimed at tightening controls to prevent the use of registration also calling for it.
Voters ID cards to vote before he has in mind as a potential in it.
Any person who voted twice for preventing people from voting until after the implementation of the permanent mürekkep parmaklarına.
To vote for the person's nationality uygunluğun systematic checks to be conducted on.
The use of automatic mail ballots for the implementation of the demands to limit of three years.
Political campaign workers has been completed and sent to the aktivistlerin postayla votes and postal votes to be sent with zarflarını processing to be banned.
The police, the voting should be granted the authority to attract kabinleri wider lanes.
As part of the Law of the People's Representative in 1983, people changing the code for an easing of the indictment against them.
The voting kabinlerinde photo to be illegal.
, except for the voting kabinlerinde (Wales) as a konuşulmasının only in English.
The cabinet will not only allow the staff to voters that the strengthening of education, that the rule yaptırımına.
Eric Sör, Tower Hamlets vakasında would hurt any charge, saying that it was "interesting" Police Teşkilatını fiercely criticised.
"The electoral tribunal, Lutfur Rahman and his representative to repeat on a charge of corruption and illegal activities, has decided that there is no room," he said.
A number of grounds, and he defied beyond reasonable -cezai delilin nature -- was found guilty.
He also was influenced by the municipal palace of electoral registration departmanlarındaki "kutucuk işaretleme also criticised the" control.
Sör Eric said: "Tower Hamlets, in last year's court decision a warning alarmıydı.
Takes, it has the support of parliaments anasını gurura even though the scope of this alarming spread of corruption and hidden in the election and rejected by a number of institutions that may be the reason zedelenmesine good reputation.
Kate's and Rio's Olympic cyclists like other famous players yet to be crazy
This week, the Rio 2016 Olympics enthusiasts said the Cambridge Düşesine impressive in a way that demonstrates that the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot çılgına have returned to work.
However, the 24 year old Olympic athletes, the fight for a gold medal this summer, while noting the similarities with ünlülere is not the only athlete; as such, at least in the social media era.
For this reason, the Rio Games and we can see all of the famous simaların ekranlarımızda, FEMAIL, Hollywood ünlülerine andırmanın resembling them beyond the Olympic athletes has made the list.
Hunter and wolf: The United States Men's archery Team member Brady Ellison (left), Leonardo DiCaprio and his childhood karşılaştırılmış
Kate's bike part benzerine in addition to the online environment, a lot of people in the Leonardo DiCaprio okçunun ikizi benzeyebileceğini showed up.
A member of the US Men's archery Team Brady Ellison, the Money avcısı movie yıldızına benzerliğini photos were revealed after the outgoing Twitter.
And the archer in the social media to make a difference in this mania is childhood to him Leo benzediğinin admitted only.
Brady, the Huffington Post, said: 'I am sakal, except for the hair, and I don't think a lot of similarities.'
He's a handsome man, that's why I think this is a iltifat. '
London 2012's, one of the most popular karşılaştırmalarından and almost certainly this year as even more of a visible, there are more similarities: British long jump athlete Greg Rutherford's popular actor Neil Patrick Harris, the incredible similarities.
Russian gymnast Alija Mustafina's, large eyes and a sense of Cuban origin, he said, and the American artist's Gloria Estefan's exactly like.
And havuzda, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh, for several years, the Glee star Matthew Morrison, benzetiliyor.
Change: This user, Nathan's Başlangıç movie stars' in an athletic version is in the
The tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett gür kaşları and dudaklarının due to the similarities with each other for a long time.
The Russian team silver medalist and swimmer, actress Annalynne McCord and the bronze in the same period, with the yellow saçlara cilde and fans in the United States Team Nathan Adrian's' Joseph Gorgon Levitt's athletic versiyonunu andırdığını, he says.
Strong women: Soccer star Hope solo (left) and Dexter's star Jennifer Carpenter (right), in a similar way, and they have hundreds of gözlere
Is not alone: A Twitter user, other people are also very pleased that it was noticed the similarities
With a theory: This user, this is similar to the couple görünümde could be a reason behind it
One Twitter user said, "countering the rest, Hope solo and Jennifer Carpenter's twin, as well as his happiness" on this site.
In fact, the US football star and the actress who played Dexter's is similar to that of hundreds of differ and gözlere.
Other popular comparisons between Kerri Walsh-Jennings and actress Laura Linney's with each other almost the same gülümsemesi and another gold medalist and gymnast Gabby Douglas and the Youth Fire, which is the movie star Gabrielle Union's great gülümsemeleri resembling each other.
CBC's Olympic spikeri, China's pig yüzücünün died like that, apologises for '
Byron MacDonald's 14 year old AI Yanhan's 4x200 freestyle race, that dördüncülüğüne analysis, CBC's live coverage of Wednesday's Olympic yayınını izleyenleri very recently
Canadian broadcaster CBC, 14, of one of the women in China spikerlerinden yüzücünün swept like a 'bad time' and 'pigs died in the race, as well as comments that the dilemeye was forced to apologise.
Broadcaster says Byron MacDonald, the women's 4x200 freestyle final of the flag of the race began to unveil their own ideas mikrofonunun was closed.
CBC broadcaster says in the team's colours, in order to contribute to the inclusion of the MacDonald as it was made: 14, in the small Chinese heavy çuvalladı, bebeğim's.
More heyecanlıydı, like a bad left swept like a pig, and died.
Teşekkürler for it.
The Chinese swimmers AI Yanhan (14), the flag in the second leg of the race with a time of 1: 57.79 finishing for Canadian Taylor Rack's 1,61 seconds behind Kanadalıların kapatabilmesini difference between China and the equaliser.
The Canadian viewers, because of the language used in the tonnes of surprised and moved quickly after being gang-
Emmett Macfarlane, "at least before the CBC spikeri yüzücünün, 14, died like a pig, he said, is it in???? Explained tweets.
The zekalı, still were not aware that the publication. '
China's AI Yanhan, 4 x 200m depths in a way that is defined in the race for the Free Flag: 14, in the small Chinese heavy çuvalladı, bebeğim. '
Twitter is very tough and quickly was published criticism about the Byron MacDonald, and many will report him nature
Twitter users, Byron Macdonald's are indifferent to how tutamadı themselves whenever she has
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'What a # ByronMacDonald.
CBC and Canada represented all of us doing and why is seen as racist oluyorsun. # midebulantısı.
Shortly after, the CBC's yayınını holding Scott Russel, MacDonald's apologised for the comment is: 'Swimming race, but with the sorry for the comment.
These are really talihsizce elected kelimelerdi, because we are such a phenomenon.
CBC, comment in response to the tweets from people who at least 90 times more if they had more apologies
No other broadcaster says, Scott Russel, MacDonald's forced to more apologies on behalf of the
CBC later MacDonald's comments on the complaints, the 90's apology on Twitter users this kopyalayıp yapıştırdı
The network issued a statement apologising quickly.
This was being done, and that it was given to them, but we would like to express sincere pişmanlığımızı.
Yesterday evening, the publication, izleyicilerimizden, Social media is also takipçilerimizden diledik apology at a fast pace.
We would like to explain to that, Byron's comments were not personal yüzücünün, concerned with the performance.
At the same time, they are in a way that is very inappropriate and unfortunate elected kelimelerdi and Byron in her is very sad.
On Thursday, in the afternoon, also apologised to the magazine that MacDonald, and a personal attack, saying he does not want to attempted defence of these words.
Himself, the CBC's broadcast of the Olympic flag in the women's race in the wake of yesterday evening I want more apologies for a comment, "he said.
He's not yüzücünün, referring to a performance bulunuyordum. '
There is no need to more in line, and I did not want to disrespect, and I am sorry. '
Primark customers in the store should remain in place in the medium umarsızca underwear woman breathed in anger
Customers, a woman in the Primark store in the middle of the floor to try on his cards, külot bilemedi what he will do.
Even worse, the women's remains dealt with how it does, and put on ice again.
Bakınmaya continued, and later in Folkestone Bouverie Place shopping mall tried four pairs of underwear.
The woman put on ice again before it includes külot experimented with in Folkestone Bouverie Place shopping centre of Primark mağazasıydı
At that moment, a mother of two who was in the store Jenny Davidson, a mysterious woman of trying again, after the internal çamaşırını giyindiğini and without anything in the mağazadan emerged, he said.
He said: 'People are as inanamadı.'
The central store should remain in place, and received a vitrinden külot, külotlu çorabını and pantolonunu after revealing the Court.
To do so, to look for a special place didn't work, all saygısızlığıyla centre now. '
Everyone's Külotu while bakıyordu and külotu beğenmediği anlaşılıyordu him because he has put on ice again. '
Beğenmediğine decided nothing more tried three washing and later giyinerek mağazadan broke out again.
Followers, in itself, is not only seemed umurunda and experimented with over külotları düşünmüyordu people will buy later. '
The village of Mrs Davidson (33) said: 'The other one's worn, uncleared külotu home will take a one to think about how far is disgusting.'
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon.
Women's Davidson added: 'Staff at that time, but I think that the sales of the dress, which is a good situation.
A new külot, and when I went home, dressed and yıkanmadan külotu somebody told me it would have been really very bad to think about it, "he said.
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark, on Tuesday (August 9th) in Folkestone mağazamızda haberdardır during the incident.'
The relevant products, kaldırılmıştır from the sale.
Krav Maga and how you feel the armed attacks koruyabilirsiniz
The outside world is very dangerous, however, is presented by the Dailymail.com, feel more secure in this video could help's.
Located close to the top of the armed soyguncularla might be to learn how the New York based Krav Maga Federation chief master Rhon Mizrachi, and we have talked about it.
Regardless of whether you önden, regardless of whether it's the back yaklaşılıyor, this video, how the situation against soyguncunun çevirebileceğinizi remains to be seen.
Mizrachi, yaklaşıldığında back to you, and you are unable to challenge the first yüzünüzü saldırganı görmeniz returned fire and, in the boşaltmanız says.
The weapon was later with the preliminary kolunuz omzunuz include keeping boştaki dirseğiniz vuracaksınız and surface.
The gunmen then attığınızda kasıklarına knee pain will be doubled, and the weapon at this stage will be dismissed it and arms looking for him, even though the number of weapons in the namlusu and back in a way that will stay above his kidney vuracaksınız.
Armed men önden yaklaştığında interactions of a similar technical; vücudunuzu buzmi and call the fire line, which is the weapon in a way that wouldn't fire on the gunmen çevirirsiniz.
At the same time, the weapons, giving ağırlığınızı saldırgana yumruk breast region by taking the weapon on him, and then takes the weapon doğrultarak gerilersiniz.
Whether it sounded tricky?
Mizrachi's in order to see how it is doing videoya, dispose of the eye.
Must, however; a Krav Maga master değilseniz, every one of the most secure way to avoid soygundan soyguncuya would be to give money.
Traveller Ian Wright travel guide to the language of Europe's most dirty took place
The British traveller, Europe's most dirty and disgusting yalayarak immune system and some of the displaced öğürme refleksini has undergone a serious put it.
Host and the author of the trip, the Suffolklu Ian Wright (51), to prove the power of the immune system, a language of the Euro banknotu, a Piccadily Circus perform tırabzanı, a train tuvaletinin sifon düğmesi and a ankesörlü telefona in Russia, "he said.
Each nesneyi yalamadan him before, and what kind of a job for us to show bulaştığını lüminometre.
However, The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, part of the experiment, which is to be transformed into a movie, with some surprising results.
Used by thousands of people in a trendeki sifon düğmesini yalama idea is very disgusting, but in fact, much more than the kitchen lavabosunda bad bacteria.
Mr. Wright, during a trip to Europe, and the increase of stomach bakterilerinin as health meets with doctors and medical professionals.
Fortunately, nothing is yaladığı ağzında left a bad taste, except for the strengthening.
Mr Wright, the world gezerek and strange and wonderful things, it has been recognised as midesinin dayanıklılığını testing.
Train stations in the general tırabzanlardan toilet sifonu düğmelerine aralıktaki broad as this task, he is absolutely immune system testing
Being in a movie, I said: 'I have been sağlığıma notes, is one of many that I have not been, and from the solucana and çamurlu ağzıma soktum ended up a lot of things.
In the film during its ününün has proved to be a reason for the final.
The only thing that is rejected, in Russia, a dirty public tuvaletti.
Over 4,000 units of the Sürüntü lüminometre census showed.
By comparison, if needed, to be done; the number of new yıkanmış ellerde must be under 60.
However, the new yıkanmış ellerde was under 60, over 4,000 units when the census lüminometre yalamayı was rejected by a Russian public tuvaleti
Mr. Wright and the Finnish dairy producer Valio, banyo showing that the number of bacteria in different locations, such as The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, a movie produced by took on the trip
Let me in the movie, he said: 'This is a tuvalette kokladığım closer to one of the worst things.'
There can be no more of a dirty thing!!!
İçerisi yalamayacağım anything than it is disgusting.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, the Finnish dairy producer Valio was drafted along with it.
The company, Mr. Wright, as well as the stomach acid bakterilerinin laktik anthracis and helping to strengthen the immune system, C and D, which includes vitaminleri Valio Gefilus.
Valio's Atıştırmalıklar, Meyve waters and New categories Division Senior Vice President Niko let me Vuorenmaa said: "Consumers really wanted to offer something new.
Is impressive, and at the same time İzlemesi probiyotiklerin will announce the benefits of a thing.
In the end, "Ian arayalım really do to the idea of" when it became clear that we had a lot of wild surrounds the brain.
Interest on the stomach's health has become a global phenomenon they claim
Just to talk about the products, instead of the much larger products we wanted to put them in context; our neighbourhood as a day of good and bad bacteria, stomach and the importance of the health of the immune system is linked to it.
Interest on the stomach's health is becoming a global phenomenon and this documentary, and consumers with this situation in a way that is interesting verebilecektik for more information.
At the same time, the film was a great laugh, I think it shows that we have a!
The movie was ruled by Tom Hakala, added: "It's going; Ian, shown in the movie, like the Russian tuvaleti disgusting things I want yalamasını yalasaydı saygımı kaybederdim against him. '
Some things as a natural yalamak Ian is easy for some, even though it has been difficult.
Some of the acts of this dirty yalama I am happy that we had.
Valio in 2015, a survey by 84% of respondents laktik bakterilerini stomach acid linked with health, and 58 per cent of products containing the acid anthracis laktik intermittent use at least as well, he said.
Maganda family, ahead of its release, Saltash, Cornwall has destroyed the social residence
The family of a maganda, were released from jail on the grounds that their neighbours korkuttukları social £50,000 worth of damage to the premises.
Tanja Skeldon and his wife, Shaun Trebilcock, following several complaints against Saltash, Cornwall after housing, were thrown in.
The forced Mülkten uzaklaştırıldıklarında, housing association officials said that even if the property may be surprised.
There are holes big Duvarlarda was available, döşeme tahtaları sökülmüş, rugged çöpler saçılmış yazılmıştı walls and graffiti.
The family have now, after housing, and is thought to have private accommodation seçeneklerinden faydalandıkları
Cornwall Housing housing manager Donna McEvoy, the situation is that even if kurtarılamaz, he said.
He said: 'This is a really kabus for people who are here and people have to live this way, I think it should be left.
There is a lot that needs to be taken into account because this property is no longer welcome in Cornwall without a lot of says as a part of it.
This family unfriendly and notorious in the names.
The family of three living in the property and had a son, and according to the police, the family, the baseball sopasıyla fighting in the streets, residents of the nearby we, drug use, drug sales and extreme bağırma, debate and that includes küfrü later embraced many terrifying behavior.
In June, the rent is sözleşmesinde Skeldon (47), who has called for a decision antisosyal behavior in the past.
Several of the rooms of the house to the demolition of the former çöpler found
In the past, the sale of the drug was all over the property's döşeme tahtaları
The neighbours, they were fighting in the street, and police said he was often
Cornwall Housing, as well as a volunteer for the taşınmaları extended period of 11 weeks after he saw him and her husband mülkten forced the evacuation this week. "
The evacuation procedure, have returned to their lives over time, and has been hailed by the neighbors.
One person I said: 'No one they just were not.'
We have been living side by side with them for 20 years, and the situation is always bad.
How many times the police gördüğümüzü söylesek, you can't.
In the morning, the uyuyamadık. '
It is a very quiet uyandık; we are not used to it!!!
They went to, finally, now everything is wonderful.
Cornwall Housing's neighborhood of sanctions officer Adam Fitzpatrick, the family is working with the local government, he said.
The family, in this house for 20 years, and the property is often police çağırılmaktaydı yaşamaktaydı
The social housing bitkilerle kaplanmış side was garbage and the addition of former
I added: 'Kiracının he and his family on his release from any responsibility üstlenmemesi really embarrassing; Cornwall Housing for release any time in the past has been used as an option.
Because of the extreme levels of behavior and actions regarding evidence of this level of terrifying than it needs to be a very difficult vakaydı.
Team, Devon and Cornwall Police Force, and to give us the information to be that pretty I appreciate the efforts of members of the community.
This development, and to bring about a certain amount of everyday rahatlamasını antisosyal davranışlara as a message of tolerance gösterilmeyeceğine I locked in.
Mr Fitzpatrick, the property has three different times, however, is that it was their son living in their 20s years old, he said.
In the wake of the evacuation of the house were in bed in one of the chambers of a dirty bed
Housing employees will have to clear the garbage yığınlarını surrounding the house
In 2014, the police broke up a property over 70 gramın marijuana, tartılar, special items and £1,700 cash.
Skeldon, possession of Class B drugs with the intention to sell on entering a guilty plea after being fined.
The money in 2013, his son, Lee, who died in a car accident in the Skeldon for use in order to get claimed.
He stepped down after the homeless, Tanja and his wife is now a private premises in Plymouth where it is.
Most of the houses in the graffiti bulunmaktaydı hang in room.
The police, who violate the rules of the rent for said they would work to release
Devon and Cornwall Police Forces Angela Crow, tahliyenin who continue to violate the rules, but also for the other tenants, said it was a warning for them.
He said, 'This is as they want without any ithamla davranabileceklerini and this behaviour in a message, but also for those that will, "he said.
To protect the community, and will continue to work together with its partners, Devon and Cornwall Police Force and the crime never antisosyal davranışlara tolerance will not be screening.
Low-flying military aircraft kumsalın immediately after the operation was dropped from the tourists in Portugal
Portugal, in Aveiro güneşlenen, tourists suffered their shock
Portuguese air force, called the P-3C Orion aircraft was flying very-
The air force, it could be said that Flight training, but there is no safety risk was on
Low-flying jet full of tourists pass through the kumsalın panic as soon as I started to do this.
The footage shows the dramatic, Aveiro in the north of Portugal, the sand is almost at the level of contact with güneşlenenlere on upcoming military aircraft.
Vacationers from the right out of them, which was what it was that the jet göremeden motorlarının understandable concern about the noise created by the way, have been in upheaval for duyduklarından.
The incident yesterday afternoon, near Aveiro in Costa Nova.
Flight is close to the dramatic videosunu social media sharing, one of the few tatilciden let me Daniel Fernandes said: 'It's really two-time has passed, and at one point appeared to çarpmak.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I did it, and I'm surfing the oath that I felt like the plane for which düşecekmiş.'
The tourists in Aveiro kumsaldaki, karanlığın reports from inside the plane flying very low rakımda was dropped when
Portuguese Air Force, today the P-3C Orion when pilotunun sahildeki fishing teknelerini uçuşunda trained to identify, and that is the only way to control them, so that in the event of a to-said.
The smoke from the fire power to nearby söndürülmesi görünürlük than usual due to the poor than it is on board, he said, more-fly air force, however, is that no one has been taken on that alone.
This summer, the main force Portugal söndürülmesi karasındaki fires have a very specific parts of the island of Madeira was destroyed, and four people were dead.
Portuguese air force, today the conditions that have made the pilot scheme (söndürülmesi heavy smog from the fires of power and because of the smoke) must-uçması
Aircraft training as part of a uçuşundaydı and alıştırmanın pilottan fishing teknelerini define istenmekteydi
IŞİD London girl who attended to the student, who was killed in Syria
Last year the IŞİD London to take part in the breakaway, one of the girls in the three British teenagers Kadiza Sultana, is reported to have died in Syria.
The lawyer, Tasnime Akunjee, her family a few weeks ago Rakka in Syria, that he had received information about the death, he said.
In the ITV News reported on Thursday that the group's Rakka is strong in the country, a Russian air attack in the area are thought to have died.
Sultana, 17 years old and, according to his family to flee from being damaged by the war, and to return to the UK, while the plan is for the dead.
"In this situation, Akunjee, the centrepiece of a tomb for the others, and it's really going to war zones designated as it is risky, and that the people have the courage to make the choice that we hope Serbia."
Sultana in February 2015 and the eastern two girl students from London to a plane to Turkey, and then a bus to the border with Syria binmişti.
Sultana's family is a fighter in Syria with IŞİD evlendiği and has been told that widows within months.
Reid, said that if the election of Clinton as the candidate of the Supreme Court said it would not give up its from Garland
In the Democrat Leader Harry Reid, the Democrat candidate for the election of Hillary Clinton for vice president if the Supreme Court Judge Merrick Garland to the candidate he believes would work, he said.
Republicans (of Hungarians, President Barack Obama nominated him in March since the moment the process of ratification engellemekteydi Garland's.
The Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell, the former Supreme Court Judge Antonin Scalia's new president would replace the people, he said.
Reid, in a video address on Thursday, Clinton's Garland so much discord, "and he believes that it is doing it," he said.
Later, speaking on behalf of Reid, a spokesman for the Garland to the candidate and his on the göstermeyeceği konuşmadığını and spekülasyonda directly with Clinton.
He also praised Garland's and Clinton's team will be a new election, "he does not want to spoil the current situation," he said.
Garland, Columbia County, the chief judge of the US Court of Appeals.
Reid, Garland's candidate that barring Cumhuriyetçilerin, the Republican candidate for vice president as the appearance on Donald Trump's "yardakçıları" and "yancıları," he said.
In the Trump is not suitable for the post, he said.
Treats, as well as for men's, women's, but also for the said he is in favour of a naked takvimden
Treats magazine, in the year of 2017 in the 1970s for inspiration from Pirelli hazırlanılarak prepared to publish it in a calendar year working with photographer David Bellemere.
However, rather than the people who are famous and naked, the 2017 calendar Ilham Perileri models for a new generation of trying to find out.
Treats's chief Steve Shaw, the high rate of çıplaklık earlier this year, it's the former playboy magazine is different, because of the "playboy" is for men.
I'm doing this for women do it.
Obviously believes it is in the schedule.
Shaw, the Men's timetable, "the press release said, as this footage of women in the female body as a source of inspiration for feeding bakabilmesi outdated doesn't, to show the classic çıplaklığı should be just at the back," he said.
Women, a beautiful piece of art than it is going to be a part of this project.
As the models online photo may or Los Angeles and New York's deficit to join the discussions.
Vinil goal: A record of who actually buy the areas?
The Middle of elderly, lonely men's vinile bayılıyor.
TümYalnızOrtaYaşlıErkeklerÖyleDeğil under the magnificent hakaretlerde before heading to interpretation of this data was based on the actual beyanın söylememize give permission.
According to YouGov, a subject of much mentioned plakların return of a physical object is not created by innovation peşindeki y kuşağının, middle age is a result of the nostaljisinin.
Areas buy vinil album any time soon are mostly between the ages of 45 and 54.
The status, the 18 to 24 age group is the lowest.
This is also not only meraklıların biriktirme campaign; an emotional significance; the older vinil recipients usually feelings of self love saklamayı (56% and 53%), and the isolation of enjoying (69% and 66%) people.
But what about the results of the YouGov, true?
In this blog, if he were in a televised news, the camera of a crowded street in Soho, with a number of modest gray elbise, and said that while many gesture before and after opening ellerimi and something like this authoritarian izlerdi said: "An eye atalım at the time," he said.
At that time, a flamboyant atalım.
Slowly, in the centre of Soho Büyüsünü and extraordinary flair and independent vendors (in a time where the buildings are no longer hotels, Eats, filled with Prets and Paperchases) is still available in a few specialist record stores.
Probably for the next part I would like to stand kameradan; this department stores close to the cause of men of different ages, saying it through observation and position itself as Ljubicic information about emotional situations.
Sister Ray (the census data: Two young women, three middle man) Reckless Records (the census data: In the middle of the eight men, probably 20 years old, I went to a women's) Glasgowlu Stuart (55), for a meeting in the afternoon sonrasını is playing in London and a few stores to fill the empty saatini takes.
A collector: He hadn't.
"I think I öyleyim," he says.
Nearly 3,000 or 4,000 plağa I have.
This is the official involved in the above plaklar (official emails and sent it to me, I never followed him home by the walls of the sitting room).
By such a large number of albums and singles toplamasının is because, in part, a result of a disposable income; when the money is no longer can afford the first plakları meteliksiz and young and can buy back the time of trading.
"Most of the things that I get to 60 to 70 at the beginning of the end of the wars, I am opposed to more when he was 11 or 12 things; to get a very young olduklarım," he says.
Those who buy the record to stay alone, keeping people looking likely to qualify, agrees, and adds: "Smoking içmem, very alcohol also failed.
This is my bad huyum.
Wez working in Sister Ray (25), most of the clients in the YouGov profile, she thinks.
However, he said, media exaggerated reklamlardan hit by a new wave of people, those who come back from this modanın plakları needs to buy back the old could make a difference.
My meetings, normally in 1998 or 1999 I felt a total overhaul of their people.
For the purchase of the CD sells vinillerini plakları customers will now have to get back to acquire sells CDs, "he says.
This is a certain guarantees vinili re açıklayabilir increase in young people.
But what about the emotional significance of the alleged plakların?
A store, such as Phonica record shops similar kişilikte of comfort is a community of a few saniyenizi offers to make a difference.
Wez, according to him, some of the older customers, especially temassız gücenmiş payment system.
Some vinil enthusiasts said the digital world bunalmış recalling memories of his youth, and the quiet little record may be seeking asylum in the stability of kapaklarının.
Wez says that; "sometimes the reason for that is to fill a gap in the items or material may be to see as a kind of comfort," he said.
A collector myself olduğumdan given most of these are there, and I think it is also compared to it.
This is a way to easy kafanızı doldurmanın.
Yığınından swell to a record by a colleague as "Social workers," he said.
In April, a poll conducted last month vinil album of 50% of the album dinlemediğini has not yet been disclosed.
At the same time, the poll found that 41% said no and that it is not using a pikabı 7 per cent of the record, even though it's not çaları vinil bought.
At this stage of the story, possibly a series of included performances of bossa nova while bestesini sergilerdim, a very concerned look.
"The award of this return in the" Sounds of the Universe (the census data: A man who works in the three middle), Jonny (42) is a recognisable by.
"One of the most recent came to me and I said:" There is no record Çalarım rafımıza, however, to freeze a Radiohead plağı, "I want to get," he said.
This is a big yüzdeyi represented, although it certainly reflects the current situation.
More and more of the product, less music.
There are those people who let me said, adding: "There is no record Çalarım."
These are not the elderly, young people, with a onlu, in the end, this issue is the new entry for those who do.
It is no longer a strict vinil for almost all of the dedicated to the Fopp vardığımda kitlenin I can see that it is quite variable.
In the 70 years old couples, photo that attract tourists, young boys and elderly women in the medium.
The atmosphere is the above mentioned department stores (the last part of the Wild Beast's) and less dingin hoparlörlerden sakinleştirici jazz with pop mounts instead of sex, but would like to see more diversity among its customers better.
None of them, in particular, appear side by side with, however, is only one of 30 saniyeden bothering them for a long time, saying it is difficult psychological travmaları çözümlemek.
Elanora (27), a few dakikadır in Fopp geziniyor and indirimdeki plaklara takes.
Instead of spending it is just to look at the packed.
Kazanmadığından record collection of more than he says there is no choice but to do it.
A very expensive.
Bilgisayardan or other forms of listening to music, however, is more easily vinilin beauty... "sevdalı uzaklaşıyor internal, as one of them.
I don't know how to açıklayacağımı, really don't like it.
In the past, the new generation of vinil durağım tutkunlarına, a department store, said that the inspiration: The Urban Outfitters.
While the jeans trousers inceliyormuş, as a father and a daughter Crosley record prior to the debate on the purchase of another of a Polaroid cameras gathered around a group of young daughters gözlemliyorum.
Left Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac's plakları and there is a gap of a merdiven; it is a must for an average of a collection of plaklar; a mix of modern and klasiğin.
No one keen; perhaps they only preserves is that it is aimed at, some dokunulamayacak yüksekte until now.
"This is totally an artistic vinil," he said.
However, the wonder of these items for the sector to win more money and less müşteriyi Soho could mean to send in the depths of; there is no more complaints about that issue.
More than that of most of the money and time, a demographic group, such as vinil more luxury items for spending more money is not surprising.
Bulgularım, however, that the results of the YouGov's record, at least in the Soho mağazalarında is true; the more the number, gerçeklikte, record mağazalarında or online forums, and women who take into account the koleksiyoncular vinil tutkunlarını katmıyorlar.
These people, probably, we are working hard in school or at work.
The record is absolutely Thursday, Berwick Caddesindeki mağazalarında gezerek, plakları introduced and in the middle of anything without men, 30, via omuzlarının he forged a TV server by bakışlarından geçirmiyor.
Grönland shark, living in the world's most lasting omurgalı animal - video news
Scientists, Grönland shark gezegendeki omurgalılar among the longest ömre gets what they have.
Work on the Sharks Julius Nielsen, a record 272 and is thought to be between the ages of 512, five metres long said that it is owned by a dişiye
A French court has ruled that the Jungle refugee camp rejected the offer from the overthrow of stores
A court in France, which is home to thousands of refugees to the Jungle camp, scores of makeshift shops and a restaurant for the demolition of Calais officials rejected the offer.
A court hearing this week, officials from the Calais, the state is in the camp of those against smoking went on many products sold by the energy drink, a part of the hair, or the equivalent of 50 cents (40p) for tea or basic food sold in exchange for a few euros, with a total of 72 makeshift store should should fall, he argued.
Calais Governorship's, a parallel yarattıklarından unpaid taxes, the economy, and the risk of fire and hygiene on these sites should be for barındırdıklarından, he argued.
Yardımsever groups, shops and restaurants on the court is vital, state-funded organizations and other groups to offer free of charge in the camp for the growing population, said it was not enough.
Makeshift shops and restaurants, often need the owners have argued that provides free accommodation and food.
A court in Lille, 72 makeshift store, which are to be expelled, however, is that there is no legal basis in the Calais Valisinin concerns is "completely understandable," he said.
The judge Jean-François Molla, bakkallar, cafes and restaurants were "extremely dangerous" in living conditions, only beslemekten played a much bigger role, he said.
These areas, refugees and volunteers have provided for comfortable points of the meeting, he said.
Which is one of the places below the danger of profit for the Jungle Children's Book Cafe, offers 200 meals each day, it gives classes in English and French, and here, hundreds of refugees in the camp under age recommendations on asylum.
170.000, more people, for children, in order to protect the kafeyi signed the petition.
In a letter sent to the Guardian's, these are some of the closure process "more eight years old, this will be a facia for children," said.
The institution of the two charities, Help Refugees and L Auberge des Migrants, on Friday, a growing number of varışlardan during the summer, after the Jungle camp amid the population of 9,000 in the (so far) is the highest number.
In the wake of the 2008 gold in Fiji establish the UK, rugby yedili championship silver medals going
Great Britain's rugby 7's Şampiyonasındaki impressive progress, Fiji, and Thursday's final, Rio Deodoro Stadyumundaki 43-7 in the wake of the defeat ended.
Fiji, every renkten, winning the gold medal in the first Olympic medals in order to get the concept, while bypassing the side step, support, track lines and establish kas on the force.
In the wake of the defeat, in the UK, a not very bad as teselli award, took the silver medal in the third of the day, and New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa, they were defeated in the opening of the Olympic tournament 7 is no longer can be proud of their efforts.
At the beginning of the day, in the semifinal 7-5 ezerek yendikleri defeated them in the wake of the South African Team.
But still, a Fiji so that, even with a team of 15 people, yenebilirdi.
Although it is not so much that maybe say at least one of Great Britain's gold medal tomorrow thinking takacağını teselli: Fiji's chief coach, Ben Ryan, a British coming from Wimbledon.
It is very difficult for the Great Britain has been a journey.
Eight of the road before, Ryan and his attempt at Adelaide yedili kaybetmişlerdi in every game.
This time around, they lost only one of them.
Although the casualties of this hezimet acıtıcı really pleased at the progress.
Fiji, made a fascinating start, the players, the Great Britain's attempts to take the ball is out, finally ending above.
The Captain Tom Mitchell and his team for a number of lifetimes between the bus was moving and the World series champions, Osea Kolinisao köşeden acts to 5-0.
In the fourth minute, from the right side at Jerry Tuwai falsolu faced with another number.
The game's 12-0 and Great Britain almost hitting the ball more dokunamamıştı.
Mitchell's wonderful intervention, Leone Nakarawa, such as the mountain's üçüncüyü prevented to that, however, is only a number of Fiji's delay.
The seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua right köşeden points and the Great Britain has fallen back from 17-0.
The end of the first half, only a minute away, Nakarawa, scratch a number more.
Later, Vatemo Ravouvou, a number of difficult to bear out of Great Britain flew çizgiye for points.
The number and the circuit include skor to 29-0.
Fiji 7 to play for the championship in a takımken, Great Britain has yet to lay the groundwork for trying to learn the job without a manager.
The situation is more or less like this.
Among the major UK circuit has made major changes and closed Fiji threshold; for a full four minutes in the first half on a good gelişmeydi, according to Josua Tuisova is excellent with the Fiji game until it reaches the stage.
Norton, from the Great Britain for a time, and made the score 36-7 to make the left even though denemiş köşeden points to the song said, adding that fans of the game, waving flags and dancing to the South Sea Adalılarının elindeydi.
Fiji's whole approach to admire him cheerful duymamak is really difficult.
Maa Viliame, not in the closing süslemeye both on the Fiji game in the latest additions taptı.
Düdük çaldığında Fijililer kicked off the celebrations, and in a way that a member of the Great Britain garnered in the room was on the way.
At the beginning of the day, Fiji, Japan in the semifinal victory over 20-5, Great Britain is in a tough semifinal match against South Africa in the face; in the UK it has been suggested that a single points.
Kyle Brown, South Africa in the first half to put his team Dan Norton meteoric leg movements and representation.The plan in the second half, it has been suggested that.
The UK's first 15 involved in Anthony's brother Marcus Watson's involvement with the great victory and a silver in the garantilendi.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, antrenörlerinin fight cancer by taking inspiration perched in rowing to victory
Aside from that there will be no more emotional, a gold medal and this is an important meaning.
First, it is up to 220 tormenting sonuncuya deep sigh of relief after Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, Estacio also stressed that their moment in the Lagoa is much more meaningful might make a difference. "
How kürekleri suffering from each of the two people, although there were three teknede voice; the women's pair of races this year in the UK, which has reached such a level in the second tier as the first women's gold in the Olympic medals as antrenörleri Robin Williams's voice also teknede yankılanıyordu.
It was clear pretty hakimiyetleri; this is their unique, the 39th yarışıydı yenilmezlik series.
We kuğu zarafetinde yüzeyde süzülen görsek two great athletes in this image which does not reflect the full nature of the victory.
Behind each of the rowing gold madalyasının, this difference artımlı gains a battalion of ellerden are willing to give, and there is no al, 30 months ago, she was diagnosed with cancer to see this day and know that it was not effective enough to antrenörleri yaşamayacağını.
Instead, they went to the dokundular and.
Ameliyatla interference in the types of cancer can be mesane yakalandım and to do that.
It will be, it goes everywhere.
This it would have been a very bad situation.
This is changing a little bit of bakışınızı.
Williams, was identified in December 2013.
He is out of the season, at the beginning of 2014, three have been very fortunate for the treatment başlayabildiği, in such situations, it would be a true expression in this way, however, there are no attention to minimise dağınıklığı inebilecektir.
I was supposed to pay for this reason, you should rapidly iyileşmem.
This is a teşvikti for me.
Hastanedeydim and a few steps has come for me to say that it is adequate, but in 6, 9, 15 metres up yürüyordum.
In this way.
Rowing on a journey to draw on its own, but that it is a little bit more.
In the wake of the victory to overcome the concerns of their own akılları slightly more than ever before, a tense, having spent most of the morning was in Williams.
The royal Topcu won Union captain, and who went to Afghanistan before, Stanning, who said, "This week emotionally destroyed durumdaydım, perhaps a bit too seriously, but it means a lot," he said.
This is what it could mean for me, and Helen, Robin, who I am and how much is trying once more.
Helen and Robin and I are great for three years.
Robin would not be without it and that is why it is one of the world's best coach, I want to convey to him the biggest teşekkürlerimi.
For a better person to work or a better coach bulamazdım.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning kaybetmedi race for five years.
The two rivals can have a difficult ritim tutturmuş.
New Zealand and Danish teams, even when in the last 500 metres arayı Stanning and Glover's power has not yet tükenmemişti.
At the main kaptırmıştık ourselves.
The process of Helen, izle, izle sesleniyordu, in the process, he said.
It's really important gitmemek warned.
There was a good start, and the incredible çalışmıyorduk also to do something.
We did not expect fireworks fişeklerin patlamasını today, only to win the race, in which we have good rowing istiyorduk that we did that.
They discussed the future before deciding what action to take to give a break for a year.
Glover's next month, there is a need to attend the wedding; she and the TV maceracısı Steve Backshall's when.
For the time being, just wants to enjoy the moment.
This is the latest yarışım I did not want to say that.
It was a lot of pressure on the oluşturacaktı.
In London, I noticed that I am an Olympic champion in six ayımı.
This is a very, very yeniydi stresliydim.
Here, it took about four minutes.
This is a good feeling much better, "he said.
The Los Angeles Central Library, the chance to watch a dramatic architecture of ordinary
In the downtown Central Library edinin information about the past; it is the authors are Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee and Architecture Tarihçileri / katılın told a meeting of the Southern California District. "At the Los Angeles Central Library: The History of Art and Architecture."
Gee, and Schwartzman's 1926 Bertram Goodhue, and design, as well as spurring the 1993 Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer received Associates in discussions and share their planned to görsellerini.
Salon, 3050 Wilshire bulvarında, the Art Deco Southwest Law Faculty (formerly known as the Bullocks Wilshire) in the Salle Moderne on 21 August 14.00 - 16.00 will be open from 8am.
The participants in the Central Hall, currently odalarını, kaktüs Odasını and tea Odasını gezebilecek.
Advance tickets must be taken: The fees for SAH / SCC members were 15 and 25 for those who were there will be a member.
DTLA's open in an industrial area of heat is getting a makeover
In the Los Angeles Central Library's 90th anniversary of the founding of a book the other suspicion is also kutlanabilirdi?
Bulgaria 8 months, for the first time, the values of Announces Enflasyon
In June, according to national statistics, the monthly inflation in Bulgaria was 1%.
This is the highest value seen for many years (since June 2012), but the positive last year, following a 0.2% in value since October, seen above freezing for the first value.
In the past 12 months by the CPI (August 2015 - July 2016) as measured by average annual inflation for the previous 12 months (August 2014 - compared with July 2015) - was 0.8%.
July 2016, in the consumer price index compared with June 2016 Yol 101,0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1,0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July to December 2015 2016 karşılaştırması) - the difference was 0.2% and July 2016 and July 2015 - the difference in the monthly inflation was 0.2%.
In July 2016 compared with the previous month, the rise in the price of the following consumer product gruplarında packing: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), various goods and services (0.3%).
Clothing and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%) and health care (gruplarında prices fell by 0.1%).
Spiking of alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; telecommunications and education gruplarında prices remained at the same level.
Snapchat "Anime" Efekti, has been criticised as Asian cartoons by
This filter for Snapchat animelerden esinlenildiğini although some observers duyarsızlık racial aspect of it.
Snapchat, every day with the vehicle at around 150 million kullanıcının kimlikleriyle oynayabilmesini absürt by changing the level of authenticity.
You feel a ananasa, köpeğe or a Roy Lichtenstein resminden fırlamış dönüştürebilirsiniz character.
Mercekler, every day, over 30 million, accounting for improved özçekim reckless, feature değiştirici araçlardır.
The steps being taken in the wrong, use public hafızasına kazılmaktadır quickly.
Snapchat mercekleri, backed by among others, in the past, is that black skin or beyazlaştırılmış tonlarını presented as a beauty ideal karşılaşmıştı charges.
For this reason, they offer this week, users çekik gözlü, in-toothed and şişkin yanaklı due to make the lens, some critics say that this is a company Asyalıları karikatürize who was in the guise of "Asian" is critical.
And that repeat that conflicts with the company's diversity, pointing out a larger problem, and wonder.
News and anger on Wednesday, The Verge and spread with the reports of the Motherboard, and a day after it announced that it has removed Snapchat characteristic.
The company issued a statement: Close, but not to be Asyalıların karikatürize, anime karakterlere hürmeten tailored.
Observers, however, the experience of racism, this close to the casualties acıtan stereotipleri recalled.
The other kişilerse anime karşılaştırmasını in general.
An American of Korean origin, the art student, wrote about the tweets and photos shared widely Grace Sparapani, an e-mail merceğin "is one of the most lightly with pain and disturbing," he said.
"The ill effects of the Asian side by side with cartoons by filtrenin karşılaştırması is difficult when it comes to the discussion, he added.
This is not only the Asian filtrenin guise, but also in the guise of a degrading level of Asian.
Snapchat, cultural tetikleyici mechanisms is not the only company that crosses.
The American culture of the institutions in the chambers of the meeting in the hands of Hollywood, and all of us in various areas received up to the importance of diversity and an endless conflict over kapsayıcılık inside.
And Snapchat's report to the racial diversity of other karşıtlarından more young broad spectrum, which is also a higher level of sensitivity while there could be interpreted.
In an interview on Thursday, Katie, 25, Zhu, Snapchat's merceklerinden a user is one of the smaller düşürücü placed for viewing, "that such movements were constraining the difference is the same as it is much more difficult," he said.
On Thursday, a product manager working for the Medium and the engineer, Mrs Zhu, Snapchat account has decided to shake, and the call to everyone in this direction.
In an article for Medium, and in an interview by phone, race clashes with the Snapchat's shortcomings on the implementation of diversity in hiring reflects that.
Women's Zhu, the company's leading his team to a majority of white men -- with a label saying makalesini sonlandırdı: # SnapchatiSilin.
An American of Chinese origin, Mrs Zhu "either among the staff is different enough that no multi-ethnic verebiliyorlar such decisions or working there, and people from different ırklara themselves, even if they are safe or comfortable hissetmiyor konuşabilecek so far," he said.
Other observers of the Snapchat itself is largely left to answer to the complaint.
The company said, stressing that the situation of private companies and the figures show the diversity among the staff takes issue with.
On Thursday, the share of people who have rejected the racial Snapchat staff, but according to a spokesperson who, shortly before the company not represented by adequate popülasyonlara focus internally and to work to improve a recruitment agencies to Sorumlusunu.
Women's Zhu, in terms of its own, Snapchat opened his account closed, he said, and he added, "It will keep the right our exact role is more like us wonder whether the needs of users," he said.
Congressional Paneli, the Military authorities, falsified IŞİD İstihbaratını Ettiğini Says
In a report released on Thursday, a congressional panel, the United States Central Command Yetkililerinin, Iraq and the Islamic State in Syria in the global fight against the events on the ground that it was a more optimistic picture to çizmek falsified intelligence reports.
Sarayın Armed Services Committee, the Intelligence Committee and the Republican Committee's Subcommittee on Defense paid a working arm of the heads of the council in a report on the backs of American forces in the Islamic State's Command Centre, said he had changed the exploit the intelligence analysts "is" a widespread dissatisfaction.
CENTCOM, known as the Central Command, in Tampa, Fla., and in the Middle East and Central Asia, which oversees American military operations in a military karargahtır.
A report on the reading from the news release said: "Approved by the leaders of the senior CENTCOM intelligence results, typical of the United States, that the work of the prevention of terrorism than the facts on the ground for a more positive picture çizmekte and repeatedly by other elements of the intelligence community into analizlerden offers much more positive results," he said.
Kaliforniyalı Republican Representative Ken Calvert, who was in "CENTCOM is unacceptable; the bad analysis of senior decision makers sunulurken warriors" demiştir towards units are going to be challenges.
CENTCOM's leadership failures reached the highest levels of the company.
The 10-page report, the Central Command's America's training of Iraqi forces to provide evidence that the work involved in the analysis of the statement and, in the 2014 and 2015 in the details of the permanent problems.
So, senior Obama administration officials to change reports that the chain of evidence had not made the final analizcilerin IŞİD and DAEŞ, also known as the Islamic State's evidence that the threat to present a more optimistic view on the CENTCOM açıklanmaktadır feels under pressure from the leaders.
"In the first half of 2015, the report said, many Centre clear commanding press bulletin, thanks, and congressional testimonies and actual events more pozitifti" denmektedir.
For example, a CENTCOM official, as the public, to be taken back to Mosul, a major military attack as early as April or May 2015 has said that at a time when it can be done.
In Iraq's second largest city, Mosul, the Islamic State's kontrolündedir.
In the Kansas Republican Representative Mike Pompeo, a declaration of "Aylar aspects of this in the wake of the research is pretty clear" it demiştir.
In mid 2014 until the middle of 2015, the Centre for the Study of the United States of America is one of the most senior leaders of the intelligence komutasının, in Iraq, the threat posed by IŞİD insignificant to be launched, such as the intelligence has manipulated the results of the command.
Republicans (the analysts were manipulated intelligence about the Islamic State expressed concern that he had created a working arm, after.
İncelemeler continues, the report released on Thursday, is a much more comprehensive findings will follow.
By the inspector general of the Ministry of Defence, which has been under review for another CENTCOM intelligence there is.
The Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday, the Republican who participated in some of the conclusions reached by the working arm courtesy of its own findings.
Head of the committee's Democratic Representative Adam B. Schiff, a declaration of "CENTCOM, between 2014 and 2015, DAEŞ and intelligence about the Iraqi Security Forces is very narrow-değerlendirmelerinde created a process of" demiştir.
Mr. Schiff's view, this process is delayed publication of the results of the "intelligence," which led to morale bozukluğuna among analysts and enough space lent "opposite views," he said.
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats, the White House's "by the results of the CENTCOM analysts previously set or political pressure to present a" fabrication that uyguladığına bulguya ulaşmadıklarını has said.
The preliminary results of the congressional incelemesinin on Tuesday by the Daily Beast duyurulmuştur.
Last August, the New York Times, CENTCOM analysts following complaints by a Pentagon inspector general is the current incelemesinin bildirmiştir.
Senior Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a spokesman for the Pentagon, as a declaration of general müfettişin incelemesinin continues in the Ministry of Defence would not comment on a report that the congress has said.
However, he said, "in some cases, the experts to interpret complex data over düşebileceklerini and intelligence community and the Defense Department on this important national security concerns related to" supports healthy dialogue. "
The research, Iraq and the American-led bombing in Syria since the operation would continue and that the repercussions beyond uyandıracaktır (this is every day more and more by a Defense official savdır).
The charges in the last year, however, President Obama's Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other parts of the crisis for the honest assessments from military operations in the Central Command revealed how güvenebileceği question.
The Islamic State of criticism that intelligence yansıtılmasına, CENTCOM intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker's, President George W. Bush administration, despite the fact that many analysts explained in a small force in Iraq, and that it has been bulundurulmasını occupied in 2003, said he was not considering enough sonrasını wrote in an article that was already being discussed, and more than a decade.
Mr Hooker, who is also information related to the Islamic State, also played an important role in the isyanda.
Officials said that Mr. Hooker's team last year, despite public statements to the contrary, in the hands of the Islamic State of the airstrikes against bringing rafinerilere black oil refineries in the interim to sell than they were in the construction of the terrorist group's financial resources and a etkilemediği had concluded.
However, The Times' as in September that finding out of the Central Command's remains.
CENTCOM's making the then General Lloyd J. Austin III, last year, the Senate's statement of the law of war by koyucu very is seen as a positive assessment, it is up to the criticism.
He was a retired General Austin in April, and his people, who replaced Centre komutaya General Joseph L. Votel.
Britain and the United States to face the Women's Hockey Team escape as tier of the 4th victory Wins
Katie bam, Japan, 6-1 in the galibiyette attıktan three goals, a day after India on Thursday, the Americans 3-0 in a match, the United States women's hockey team, as the first two.
The two of five goals in the game and establish a catchy, which seems to have bam (27), do the same before yapmadığından said he is not sure.
"No I don't," he said.
I'm not keeping track of Gollerinin people.
What they know is right: The Americans 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and in Japan on Thursday after defeating 2-0 namağlup back on track as the ongoing UK and our first place in the group.
Britain and the United States of America, in the first round on Saturday to face each other in the final game.
Both teams made it to the quarterfinals in the game, and won the first six matches of the group and takımlık who will determine who will finish second.
The team that ended the first group of matches, in the quarterfinals when finaller, another of the group's leader, a bit more with the powerful Dutch team will face a long period of time can't come in.
However, the Americans in the wake of Saturday's game, they come out of the last 12 teams after the London Olympics, where he had created, citing a surprising progress.
This takımdaydı bam.
He Blue Bell, PA., has grown; grass hockey sopasını 3 years old when it was first (twin ablaları Drexel this sports ilgileniyormuş) and joined the national team at age 16 of the team's best young player.
The last missed the 2008 Olympics for the staff covered.
Later, he and many of his teammates, whether he is on the road to came in 2012.
The next year, a British coach Craig Parnham has been appointed office, and things began to change.
A change in the "Cultural bam, a change in the mental, physical changes," he said.
It is no longer as in London.
We are completely transformed.
Thursday night, bam, rolled out in the first half with a reverse vuruş took the first number.
India has yet to win in the tournament with a surprising name on the team, however, the level of resistance, citing bam's step in the third quarter when it made the score 1-0 up in as well.
The race took a long ball and he was later discovered kıvrılarak took the ball and to the 2-0.
Melissa Gonzales, in the middle of the fourth çeyreğin scored the last goal came.
This is the first of three zaferde allowing one by one in the United States of America goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who was the first maçtı yemediği goals in the tournament.
Opened a chance.
Bam also.
"At the moment it is a good Parnham yerdeyiz," he said, however, that this is how good it is depends on the outcome of Saturday's match.
The Olympic Hırsının Ortasında Trambolin dinginliği
If you are, regardless of how many hours of the Olympics is under way.
Events will take place in Rio de Janeiro, the ambitions of a competition and represents the work and it's as if, like kaçınılamayacak or ever will.
The Olympic torch will pass through swimmers who himself, then delivered a jimnastikçiye triatloncuya alevli such as Baton.
Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky, or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos is something about the bickering between izleyemiyor duymadan television, newspapers or in a café Prefecture komşunuzun veremiyorsunuz listen to what we have.
And there are also the Logan Dooley.
Mr Dooley who participated in the Olympics for the first time, and always make you feel good sponsorluklar öğütleyen TV ads include a swimmer, a gymnast or a fencer gamzeli yumağı shot like a heart attack, may be one of several names for the prime time hours.
However, in Lake Forest, California, Mr. Dooley (28) in the fight for the gold medal at the Olympics trambolinde.
The Olympic Alevi aydınlatmıyor equal level each event.
Away from the centre, in part shade, which is not recognised as a universal sports: Air rifle atıcılığı, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
Metre breaststroke will always be with us, it should be with in a long time.
However, as a personal best sevdiğimi belirtmem if necessary, I would like to draw attention to the secret büyüsüne trambolinin.
So trambolin during the Sydney games, an Olympic event since 2000, though it is known as the 16 years sorduğum very few people, it will be an Olympic sport varmamıştı is aware of it.
This could be a regional ignorance.
The United States of America, the competition for the athletes it sends trambolinde no medals, and rising to the finals until 2012, there has never been a contestant.
The men's competition for the Chinese and the Russians, the Chinese and to share for males and Kanadalılar eğilimindeydi.
China's Dong Dong and Rosie MacLennan from Canada in London this year, they will work to protect the gold medals.
However, as an event is dubbed mazlum trambolin notes; this is in part because of the Olympics, rather than be caught unaware kulaklarda palyaço düşünülmesi school that may be awarded.
Etmeliyim expert here that I am not guilty, there is the only issue I have.
There is the potential for a funny (never sonlanmayan sıçramanın created cartoon, like other titreme) together, however, is essentially two sports, gymnastics and also reflects dalışın zarafetini.
"" Trambolin, Spanish al trampolin kelimesinden is coming; this is the meaning of "is" is the springboard.
The champion of a major aerial trambolinde candidates almost 30 feet high jumps and by the time they turned over to a series of action (burkma, pike and salto) to do it.
According to the official Olympic programme of the executive, the challenge and the amount of flying, "according to the" değerlendiriliyorlar.
Rio in 17 countries in the 16 men, 16 women, including two athletes will compete in three decades.
One of the most frequently seen in the Olympics is directly to the ones that are moving forward.
Umanlar to receive the medal, gold seek end to the point of, in some cases, forward and back, in some cases, more or less is more downward movements away, faster and more çıkmalı more or less.
Only the end of the line at the wall, or in the beginning, they were not pursued, the magazine that on TV at the same time, there is another difficult line; the world or Olympic record.
This ambitious effort is noble, imrenilesi and even the extreme levels; even the one whom gözyaşlarına boğmak enough for.
But that is exactly what I had the Games, and the slightly exhausting özelliklerden.
Trambolin, all of them at one point verebilmenizi.
The Trambolindekiler more or less accurate.
For it is not the movement forward.
More or less in the right sıçrar, astronaut weightlessness as it appeared more or less interest, and the iner zahmetsizce down more or less interest.
Of course, there is no competition or challenge during the routine, however, a trend seen in order to achieve the outcome, there is no away from the disappearances, just imagine çekiminin, such as the time and place, in a way, were suspended.
How an Olympic race was so dingin dingin olabilirse.
Women have, and then the finals Friday afternoon in 13.00 düzenlenecektir East saatiyle; men's on Saturday, again on the 13th.
NBC every two days, in the finals in the afternoon as the bloc is due to release from 14.00.
In the middle of the Olympic çılgınlığının exactly, general neglect, in the quiet and as soon as I can be a great promise.
And the awareness of The Wall Street Journal, according to the United States of America's men, as proposed by jimnastikçilerinin shortly before, only for the eye süzmek and nesneleştirmek male athletes by offering artacaksa, Mr. Dooley's new fans can say he expects.
For a long time ally of the United States in Ethiopia, "One Generation" protest
In Ethiopia İçeren Protestolar Violence
In Ethiopia, the protesters demanding political change, the government's violent revealed.
Şahitler, a large number of protesters and police and another deadly weapons that hits, he says.
In Ethiopia crumbling?
In the past decade, Africa's is one of the most stable uluslarından and rapidly growing economy and a sound for the Western allies.
In recent months, however, the anti-government protests, more and more every day, the fire spread to the region has left the country.
Just last week, thousands of people were out in the streets, and called for a fundamental political change.
According to human rights groups, the government's response to it is quite acımasızdı.
Şahitler, a large number of police officers and the killing of unarmed demonstrators has, he said.
Late last year or early this year, thought to be footage from the protest, his hands against a wall to stand dayayıp kırbaçlayan forced young people, security officials in the city.
The most senior United Nations human rights official at the moment is asking for a thorough review.
A research group, the International Crisis Group, the project director of the Somalia Rashid Abdi, a "in this country, it was hard to keep any time, and there will be much more difficult to move forward," he said.
Ethiopia, Nigeria, Africa's population is the highest uluslarındandır and stability is appreciated by the West.
The American military and intelligence services, particularly in Somalia, as well as for the fight against terrorist threats in the region, and work closely with the Etiyopyalılar reason and in Africa from the West, how can it be that there is very little assistance from the view of the country.
Ethiopia's economy is aggravated because currently in a way that impressive.
The infrastructure is effectively iyileştirilmiştir; in the capital, Addis Ababa, even if there is a new commuter train.
And in the streets, in the usually quiet, safe and temizdir.
Each of how Ethiopia's is the best example of democracy in the sergilenmese (human rights groups have repeatedly referred to the government's repressive stance of opposition within the country, there are quite sınırlıydı), susturulmaktaydı opponents effectively.
Most of them were sent into exile, were thrown in jail, or were killed in the most remote köşelerine çölün said.
It may be, however, that is about to change.
In central Ethiopia, a university professor, Seyoum Teshome, "she and the other option for them were boğar sunmazsanız," demiştir these events of interest.
If the youth is completely protest.
In a generation of protest.
The land use pressures on the ruling coalition's strength as many complaints about the current.
Last year, in the wake of the election, which is quite critical of the ruling party and its allies, among the last in the post, and they no longer control 100 per cent of the parliament.
At the same time, in June, hundreds of people were killed in the war that led to the provocative and contentious line tensions on the border with Eritrea, which is also on the rise.
Analysts say the Oromo Freedom Front or the Ogaden National Freedom Front, as well as the separatist groups in the last several years, removing the shield this türbülanstan silahlanmasından fears, took the opportunity to again.
For several years, suffering under the yüzeyin kaynamakta why raise it now, there are a few factors patlamakta is about.
Firstly, it seems to be innocent: Smart telefonlar.
Cheap smart telefonlar yaygınlaştıkça sağlandıkça and internet service, only a few years ago, a large number of Ethiopian began using social media to communicate.
The government, especially in times of protest, as it is often said that access to Facebook and Twitter, in their positions, even if most people who planned kapattığında caretaker kurabiliyordu communicate via the internet servers.
A couple of young Ethiopian, toplandıklarını in this way for the protests, he said.
Secondly, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic group, and the solidarity between the Oromolar Amharalar has also increased.
Is not normally Oromolar and Amharalar ally.
A very long time, Ethiopia's mountainous regions in the predominantly Christian Amharalar işletmede suggested that policy, and, in most of the Muslim, and the flat arazilerde Oromoları gmtbr abuse.
, however, the situation is changing.
A leader of the Oromo, Mulatu Gemechu, under the umbrella of "One ilerliyoruz to gather to collaborate," he said.
The biggest protests seen in the Amhara and Oromo.
Most of the Amhara and Oromo, Ethiopia's, about 6% of the population, and the military, the intelligence services, trade and policy, which is dominated by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, not just by the way he thinks he been domine.
In the third reason behind the unrest Meles Zenawi's death.
Mr Meles, a former leader of the rebellion, an undisclosed illness in 2012 by ölene 17 years of Ethiopia's served as prime minister.
He saw everyone's view, it is believed to be a tactical dehası.
Analysts said, and, in particular, is the first to identify signs of unrest and opponents to teskin and expert on etkisizleştirme says.
"In the present conflict analyst Mr Abdi does not have the basic knowledge of this regime," he said.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, who was replaced by Mr Meles's relatively uncertain was elected to fill them.
The northern Ethiopia's Tigray region from Mr Meles, who, unlike Mr. Hailemariam güneylidir.
Analysts have said that his Tigrayanların has control of the security services, the trust says.
As a result, more and more fear and more and more blood.
Ethiopia's position on this kind of turbulence in the past experience, in 2005, thousands of people from the government, analysts said after a savma hırsızlıklar protestosuydu after the election.
It önlemlerde which followed the last few months, though many protesters were killed, and in this period of turbulence relatively more quickly.
Development experts, the leaders of Ethiopia's new vision of infrastructure, such as the commuter train planlamaları and made significant progress on fighting poverty and praised for it.
It was, however, against the government of Ethiopia to the Knin durdurmadığı clear.
And this is dangerous and ethnic.
Last month, an Amhara protesters in the town of Gondar, attacked the Tigrayanların owned businesses, and the Tigrayan hatred in the social media.
Analysts say the protests in the United States and other allies in the West, in a strange situation.
The government of America, Ethiopia, the neighbouring Somalia on unmanned air vehicle used as a base for flights; however, shortly before the base was closed.
Want to promote democracy in the West has made clear that it is already a fragile this müttefikinin also doesn't want the break up of the region.
"This," said Mr Abdi, and that he is "a very fine yarn, like to walk on it," he said.
Appearance on Donald Trump, Obama's promise to set up in the IŞİD İddiasını Announces "as" Alaycılık
Donald J. Trump, on Friday, a few times last week to insist that President Obama and Hillary Clinton's founders "of the Islamic State terror group," while arguing that there was no serious campaign has sought to eliminate the last conflict surrounding it.
These statements, the Republican candidate for vice president, made it clear to the American people and the ability to communicate gives birth to new questions about it.
At the same time, it is in the process of this chaos do all it can to defend vekillerini who is also implied that there is no evidence that the process worked, thanks to unveil a strange position.
Mr. Trump, on Wednesday night at a rally on Thursday, after being this önermede tezini further kuvvetlendirerek interviews he and Mrs Clinton's IŞİD implied that because she's really on.
However, in the early hours of the morning on Friday via Twitter that gönderide, Mr. Trump, there is only the testimony of a cynical, he said.
Gönderi, Mr. Trump's said in an interview with a series of this charge is serious about a day before it is fully back.
The conservative Hugh Hewitt radio programcısı, Mr. Obama wants to destroy IŞİD, recalling Mr. Trump's efforts to help him with the comment yumuşatmasında denediğinde, said he does not believe that the Republican presidential candidates.
Mr. Trump, in the wake of the plunge in the latest tangle trying to change the focus away from the campaign.
Mr Trump and Mrs Clinton, in Michigan this week with conflicting speeches on the economy.
On Friday, Mr. Trump has asked to return to this issue again.
Via Twitter, again by talking to Mrs Clinton's speech, and that he would increase taxes tekliflerinin found boring, he said.
Mr. Trump alaycılık before in his defence.
In late July, the Russians to Mrs Clinton's e-mails from a pirate attack was to look after the big criticism after the karşılaştıktan has demonstrated, these comments, "of course, I do so far," he said.
This approach, Mr. Trump's political speech of zorlamasını and had to step back to the city.
The language used by both candidates in the following Ruth Sherman, a communications expert, "It is certain that the messages he sees how to respond to him by supporters of testing, and in a way that, depending on the reaction of the" to do "in a statement that," he said.
At the same time, however, it can deliberately and that when it comes to the different merceklerden filtrelenecek knows that it is uncertain.
Recently, Mr. Trump in the polls after the general election, instead of to the air for the audience is much more aggressive position.
Published on Friday, a new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey, Mr. Trump's North Coraline, Virginia and Colorado, Mrs Clinton's is quite far behind, and a tight race in Florida showed that in the current.
So Mr. Trump usually an apology for saying provocative things dilemekten kaçınsa saptırmakla eleştirenleri itself in the words or mizahını anlamamakla response.
In the last months of his presidential campaign, however, is much more exposed to the scrutiny of Mr. Trump's şakaları, interpretations of how provocative, even though it rests on the support of his loyal supporters to the cold.
The former New York City mayor, Rudolph W. Giuliani, Mr. Trump's most as one of the sponsors of that in an interview with CNN on Thursday to do all it can to defend the candidate.
Mr. Trump's, Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton's promise to set up the Islamic State tezinin asked questions about the accuracy of, Mr. Giuliani, "I think it is legitimate, is a political criticism," he said.
In a sense, Obama before IŞİD unknown, a small kuruluştu, lovely convent bulanlar hatalıydı them completely, and the withdrawal of troops from Iraq because of this.
By most of the Republican, Mrs Clinton's foreign ministry said that the Obama administration, with the situation in the Middle East in a way that failed to cope with aggressive and that's why the rise of IŞİD is trying to defend it.
On Friday, ahead of the rallies will be held in Pennsylvania, Trump via Twitter, the news media each term çarpıtmak and biased against him on charge continues.
"Working to resolve itself zavallı, acınası" TV experts "they no longer have to do that!" He said.
Some of the Democrats, put forward by Mr Trump's bahaneyle itself was elected to it is that there is no evidence that it was appropriate, he said.
Principal who once at Cafe in Greenpoint Bizimle Again
Williamsburg is just trying to cash in with an antiquated, the Verb Cafe Wi-Fi connectivity sunmasa in 15 years, it is great coffee.
Naturally, the Bedford Avenue, in the shop at the top.
Verb, in the summer of 2014, who replaced Soap Cherie store sells sabunlar cap in the form of a sponge.
Residents of the region, it is the loss of the city's latest nezihleştirilen close by.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter to let me in. "The sea change in New York, I know that I do it, it's gone CBGB and the Chelsea Hotel's boşaltıldığına and Verb's, I can't believe that there is no longer a soap store," he said.
But until the New York exchange is in the city to the invention.
Last November in Greenpoint, an original position milden less away from the Verb Cafe opened in a renovated in the north.
The new Verb Cafe has a WiFi connection and a credit card, however, that some of the former employees and is similar to the simple flair.
Coffee is still good.
At the start of the new Verb, the former longtime employees in the new site, the owner and general manager of Cisco Rodriguez.
In 2001, he joined in the Verb, and in the end, it's up to them.
A customer told him that the financing for this new place when the excitement will offer to do so, he said.
Mr. Rodriguez (36), most of them to do the same.
Verb, uses the same distribütörü simitler, and the same for an espresso machine provides.
Even the old Verb's ışıkları was used again here.
Mr. Rodriguez, however, he wants to offer a different experience, he said.
Added the new materials.
Pastırmalı-yumurtalı-and-cheese, and the current sandviçler kapari and sotelenmiş ingredients such as onions.
There are kaseleri Esmer and rice.
Coffee is no longer the beer service do not, however, offer fresh juices.
Nine months later, Mr. Rodriguez, former müdavimlerin has started to come in a way that is determined to make a difference, he said.
"Many of the former müşterimiz itself is not at the top, in Williamsburg," he said.
Last Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira, was one of the clients.
Women's Oliveira (34) live in Williamsburg, and the Verb, which was often.
In the Greenpoint taşındıktan at large, even after this road.
Over a period of time after the closure of the Verb coffee and said he had a break.
"The thing I like coffee in the Verb, and I noticed that in the culture," he said.
Now, however, the revival of the coffee and began the last day of regular coffee instead of testifying, a new eklenti çiya mixture.
The other one patron Tom Rosenthal, starting in 2003, Verb on a regular basis.
To get there before the expenditure and verirmiş are one and the same.
"Every day, a quarter of a yediyi geçe, and I never have to şaşmadan girerdim tereyağlı simit siparişimi hazırlarlardı on everything," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez wants to change and menüye incorporated in the new materials, he said.
These days, Mr. Rosenthal siparişini is still business as usual, but at times each day's simit siparişine pastırma, eggs and cheese by adding a bit of change.
Mr. Rodriguez, who replaced the old site, said there was no soap to store dargın.
The status, Soap Cherie's owners, the café for coffee using the cold demlenen Verb has offered a special soap.
"I think Mr. Rodriguez is still in this will ever accept the offer," he said.
And the Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents of this kafeyi approach.
One of the new clients menüyü Lehçeye translate, and Mr. Rodriguez, the new neighbours are also good question for themselves this menüyü will soon find itself in a field, he said.
There are also other benefits to the new abuse.
The local juice store, the cold demlenmiş kahveyi şişelemek and wants to sell it.
Café bitişikteki there is the possibility of the expansion of the fire spread from the building.
For the majority of customers in a new place in the former favorilerini Verb's current, even if there will be enough.
Joseph Whitt on a regular basis, and the upcoming müşteriydi venue very üzülmüştü.
The new attraction opens, Mr. Whitt of the coffee alabilmenin hissettirdiğini himself at home, he said.
"Koklamam was supposed to do it," he said.
The time of crisis Depresif yiyeceği Meal "in the book" A Square
In March of 1933, are immediately after the Presidential post, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the lunch in the Oval Office.
President Roosevelt, one of the avid boğazına, kaz ciğeri ezmesi and Maryland kaplumbağa foods such as soup loved the decorated Fifth Avenue.
On that day's menu is much more mütevaziydi: Tomato soslu chopped boiled eggs, potato purée and dessert in the dry erikli puding.
"This is Jane Ziegelman, the people who are suffering with an attempt to form a food eylemdi solidarity," he said.
His wife, Andrew CoE, added: "This is not how it should be, at the same time Amerikalılara a message," he said.
The couple, who lives in Brooklyn Heights, a culinary historian.
Mr CoE's recent book "Chop Suey," hakkındaydı Chinese cuisine in America, and in the "97 Orchard Mrs Ziegelman Combat," life in the makeshift barracks Aşağı Eastern Zone anlatıyordu via the dish.
Together, the new book will be published by Harper, and on Tuesday, "A Square Meal," cooking during the Great Depression America's history.
In solidarity with them to eat at the start of the crisis, saying the years since 1929 operating since, in the Flatiron area Eisenberg sandwich for dinner Büfesinde met with a reporter.
Female Ziegelman (54), and order the cheese sandwich zeytinli krem, while Mr CoE (57), turkey, potatoes and vegetable purée oturtmayı.
The couple, reporter there are minced rulo siparişini Crisis found suitable for a parliamentary debate on the food.
Female Ziegelman Somunlar popülerdi "very much," he said.
Place fıstığı somunu, ciğer somunu, dried beans somunu was there.
They are in a material and everything was a cheap earthenware pot.
In the evening you enough space at fıstığı yediğinizi imagine.
Mr CoE, looking towards ekşitti.
"People should be midesine sitting together to drink, such as the lead," he said.
In the years before the crisis, especially in the rural areas of America sofralar open buffet is without a manager.
Women, for the men who work the food cooks and offered breakfast, lunch, and found fresh pişmiş pies service portfolio.
1. In World War II, he was killed by the Europeans from the Americans to eat. "" To "" Square Meal, at a moment when the nation is no longer break out in the centre of exuberance and explains the methods of dealing with history.
Mr CoE said, he and his wife, this was the reason for writing about the issue, "was central to the Americans, from becoming a concern, it was a time of" demiştir.
The new budget also equally concerned about the regime, it was a: Somunlar and mysterious food such as güveçler has become a basic consumer product, Mrs Ziegelman's citing "güveçler remaining dishes for a great yöntemdi" in this way, the chefs in the bottom with an SOS kaplaması kremalı iştah kapatıcı gizleyebiliyordu materials.
The fresh meyvelerin will be replaced by cheaper, dried meyveler.
Over the years, the American cuisine in the meat, which is a prudent manner has become a luxury.
Kalori and nutrient value is interesting for karışımlar denendi and doyum sense of taste or the general kitchen to be given.
Female Ziegelman, on the research for the book, which also includes, while the peanuts from that period ezmesi dolgulu chewing onions prepared food.
Mr CoE said, "This is a popular dinner was not to be," he said.
Women's Ziegelman supported it. "This gerçeküstüydü."
Peanuts ezmesinin chewing does not have nothing in common with the onions.
The majority of homes in this economy a tarifinde özellikti.
Including the Federal Bureau of Home Economics chief Louise Stanley, Home, economy, experts, held between 1923 and 1943, the country's eating habits as never before.
Recipes and articles to newspapers and magazines, "versus the" tasarruflu on women to be encouraged and havuçlu kremalı spagetti bulamaçları tasty, such as its yaygınlaştırdılar into substance.
"The Square" to the historic Meal a feast of tasty lokmalardan.
President Herbert Hoover's failure to mention the cake yiyeyim hungry citizens, such as the position of the government is very iştah view answers.
On the one hand, he çocukluğundaki simple foods, progress in Iowa farmer, on the other hand, is turned into food, such as intellectual yiyordu.
Mr CoE said, "like a fish Salatalık soslu lezzetlerini yemeyi loved the European cuisine," he said.
The evening yemeklerine ceketler wearing appropriate foods, almost entirely gold kaplamalı yiyordu rooms of a dish.
My reality is very.
His wife, Eleanor, midesi and not encourage him to be an example, President Roosevelt in the same attributing düşebilirdi.
On the book, Mrs Roosevelt's lezzete no attention to an associate who did not work at the White House when it was only ever "the most unhappy is not the food, but also one of the most somber, drafted in" tabaklar sunulmaya began.
But only after two feet over the reconstruction of the country, most of the food to the yöntemlerinden during the crisis has been sidelined.
According to the city's female Ziegelman kalori and beslenmeye focused understanding of science and in the way of implementation of culinary pişirmeye continues.
The couple, in the book, but Mrs Ziegelman's mother's eating alışkanlıklarından, said he has learned a lot - for example, the meal was never atamıyordu scrapped.
Mr CoE korkutuyordu really the goal of "Food," he said.
Female Ziegelman, he spoke of the former are: "It was a really sick people," he said.
Kremalı çörek cases have occurred.
Eisenberg's tabaklar toplandıktan after, he and Mr. CoE, drawn up in the house has a tatlıyı: President Roosevelt's losing dry erikli dessert at lunch.
"This female Ziegelman çırpılmış dried plums reading," he said, and added the most frequently used tricks, this modest tariflere air to decide on a name for it.
There was no cream çırpılmış; only the dried plums, a bit of flour, sugar, water and tarçın.
In a way, everyone hesitant brown yapışkan bulamaca kaşığını daldırdı.
In a way, it wasn't too bad.
Mr CoE, the second and third kaşığı.
What could be one of the tasarruflu kıyılmış "with his wife, such as part of the walnuts would be good," he said.
Merck and Gilead Hepatitis C already patented in attorney fees will be
According to the decision, the justices of the United States in the region, Gilead Sciences Inc, the pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co Inc and conducted the trial of hepatitis C attorney fees related to the acquisition.
US judge Merck's cry out of evidence and other ethical practices that includes a series of wrong after being found that the prevailing, Gilead, in June, Gilead's Sovaldi medicines have achieved great success, and with the two models of Harvoni Merck for violation of azledilmişti paying compensation of $200m.
At Thursday's hearing in the US District Judge Beth Labson Freeman, Gilead's defence during the trial of the right to compensation for the fees, he said.
Merck, the liver patients more than 90 per cent of the new generation of hepatitis C medicines iyileştirebilen and Gilead, a judge of the market is trying to catch up to, he said.
The case, Gilead and Merck's each other by suing Gilead's drugs sofosbuvir, which is the active ingredient in the lab's work for the rights they claim to ownership dates back to 2013.
The forces, backed by the United States, Membiç is completely in the control of the Islamic State said that
On Friday, a spokesman for the group, the United States supported the forces within the city in the last Islamic State fighters near the border with Turkey, who was in the north of the city of Membiç completely in control of that, "he said.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDG) hiding out in the city in the separation of a group of militanın, after the removal of the city.
In an alliance with the SDG Membiç Şarfan Military Council, Dervis Routers, who was in the hands of the militants themselves more than 2000 civilian rehineyi free bıraktıklarını reported.
"It's not the Routers himself completely in the City is no longer under the kontrolümüz removal efforts, however, we are working on implementing," he said.
The Clinton family has won a $10,75 in 2015 and paid the federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent of
Hillary Clinton, the candidate of the Democrats on Friday, the President and his wife earned $10,75, last year, and the rate of 34.2 per cent, showing that the federal tax it paid tax of 2015 beyanını.
In 2015, the Clinton family, most of the Clinton Foundation, the charity institutions, including $1 million to the project, former President Bill Clinton speaking fees of about $5.3 million, and a former foreign minister, spent time at the State Department with the Simon & Schuster book yayınevinden reported $3 million in revenues.
Clinton's candidate, his friend, US Senator, Virginia's Tim Kaine, with his wife, Anne Holton released 10 years of tax beyanını.
Rate of 20.3 per cent in 2015 they paid in federal taxes.
Jennifer Palmieri, a Clinton campaign official declaration of "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine for financial transparency, continues to set the standard of," he said.
By contrast, the appearance on Donald Trump said in a statement issued before the tax can no longer hiding behind fake bahanelerin on promises and taking the step back.
Every gerektirmese how laws in the US presidential candidates' tax can offer the public as it is a tradition.
A New York businessman, Trump and his lawyers, the reason for the rejection beyanların publication of an audit conducted by the Revenues Administration.
The Democratic candidate's statements with links to the Clinton campaign as the officer Ian Sams "Sıra" tweets of you took.
On Thursday, Trump's acting special cases, Michael Cohen, CNN's controls until Trump's will not allow them to the issue, he said.
Cumhuriyetçilerin in 2012, Mitt Romney, the candidate of the chairman and other Cumhuriyetçileri that includes Trump, criticising the group, this situation is to reject his özvarlığı, no institutions of his contributions, business deals with Russia and several, including those who posed questions about the other connections, he said.
Clinton, on Friday, a senior Cumhuriyetçilerin Trump's statement that it is applying pressure on the taxes that have issued an online video went over this situation.
On Thursday, Michigan's economy, expressed in his speech on this issue.
He said, "On the crowds over the years that he has been to every candidate, refuses to publish the tax can," he said.
Politico, Trump's in the 1990s, during the two years that it paid almost no tax, and on Friday, the New York Times, a columnist for the business section of a series of tax attorney, and the situation is still muhasebecinin might continue in this way, he said.
The federal tax rates, the presidential election has become a major problem.
Clinton, over $1 million per year for those who gain at least 30 per cent of the vote, which is the rate of tax should be to ensure that the billionaire investor Warren Buffett, is named after the offer was presented as a rule.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
Last week, the Nebraska, a Clinton rally in Omaha, Berkshire Hathaway group that operates there, Buffett, Trump's arrival and tax beyanını challenged about the present.
Buffett said, and he is in the midst of IRS and Trump's tax collection bureau, and not to be afraid of, "from voters," he said.
The Clinton campaign, by 2007, the tax can.
At the moment, New York, living in Chappaqua, the Clinton family, between 2007 and 2014, the average rate of about 32 per cent of the federal tax ödemiştir and combined tax rate to be approximately 40,5% ulaşmaktadır.
Thanks for the Clinton family of 2015, unlike most Amerikalının, only 100 of income up to $ücretlerden shows that it is.
A major investment in low-cost index investment fonudur and the Clinton family, dividends and interest income of $109.000 has declared that it is.
Addition to the news that Kevin Drawbaugh; organiser, Jonathan Oatis
Dust red biberli kondomlar, kestane fişekleri fillerin in Tanzania is the support for the protection of
Environmentalists in Tanzania, fillerin in order to prevent people from entering the site uses an unusual method; they have been taking kondomlar full of red pepper powder.
Method has proved effective and that the idea of a few years ago, the Honeyguide Foundation and the US-based Union for Conservation of Nature takes step to promote it; volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania, in their homes, and the protection of animals without hurting ekinlerini non-violent, four steps on the way to use of training began.
Earlier, most people to defend itself in a historian.
On Friday, dedicated to the protection of animals, the World Day of the fil.
Honeyguide's managing director, Damian Bell, a declaration of "Araç setini geliştirdiğimizden topluluklardaki position has changed since we saw it; now they hurt fillere filleri reserves on the remote tutabilecekleri have more self-confidence," he said.
The first two steps, the last File fener and korna now to keep it.
It is not possible in cases of "red peppers are being taken to what is called the" bulutu.
Territorial karıştırılan dust red peppers, with a kestane fişeği kondoma koyuluyor, only to end in a way that will stay fünye deficit.
Yakıldığında kondom opens up the voice of an explosion and dust in the air, red peppers saçılıyor.
Even if a deep sigh of relief to send filleri or direction.
Is the last resort, who set off fireworks, loud, bright, caused a boom in the use of a mancınık.
The Jewish film producer, at the request of "Arab," Israel's outrageous telephone code for the location of the hotel in Berlin has taken a toll on the surface - RT News
A French film producer of Jewish origin, Berlin Kempinski hotel in Bristol listelemediğini telephone code for Israel's Arab demands of customers and employees, "" that the disclosure led to the media after releasing sansasyona.
Related to genocide, "Shoah," Claude Lanzmann documentary on writers, the German broadcasting body in an open letter to the trouble and the fall of the Berlin Kempinski Hotel Bristol, expressed his outrage.
Lanzmann, shortly before the phone provided by the hotel kalışında kodlarının tried to find a list of Israel.
The country, however, the authority did not include direct aranabilecek among states.
In 2016, the new capital of Germany, in Berlin, about how Israel can be effectively, and there is no?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol, Israel of its own to search through the call centre.
Film producer, the situation in order to get an explanation that it struck the hotel.
Lanzmann, the response, "" shock, "it wrote.
"This measure is secretary of the hotel Kempinski Hotels, and his administration was a deliberate decision," he said.
The underlying reason for this move, the film is much more yapımcısının sinirlenmesine.
Lanzmann's say, "Konuklarımızın, most of the Arab and Israeli silinmesini asked the code," he said.
According to the Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelsman of this situation as a "great shame."
This situation was and was very surprised us.
This really is a great shame.
It was in Germany, and that such a hotel chain is much more outrageous.
There is no need for this izah.
We are waiting for the hotel, as a result of that, "said the official.
The incident is the largest online in response to gunfire; people in this situation as the scandal.
Some of the Kempinski Hotel to bow to the demands of the Arab clients of the so called "eğmekle."
Another gönderide, a synagogue near the hotel, the Kurfurstendamm mentioning "Utanmalısınız" street, where he said in a statement.
According to a report in Der Spiegel's Hotel, this incident was the result of "carelessness," saying he and Lanzmann's "apologising" these charges, as well as boosting.
Suddeutsche Zeitung, the Kempinski's "of one of the representatives of Israel's failure to quickly search the list was not a direct order," he said.
And they are no longer eklemiş code, he said.
The police, protesters against the Brazilian students used pepper spray and rubber bullets
The government's public education system on a demonstration against the reforms to make Brazil on Thursday in the city of Sao Paulo, the students clash with police.
The police, who used pepper spray against protesters and rubber bullets.
The problem is, the police officers at the time of his students began to work, and that the police use rubber bullets and pepper spray.
Hundreds of students, the discontent against plans to meet took part in the demonstration.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin of the offer, in a bid to save less than 100 public school will be shut down, and will be distributed to 300,000 students in other schools.
People who participated in the protest in the walls of some of the interim President Michel Temer, who wrote against the rest of the postings.
The recent protests in the country's Senate vote who was sacked by President Dilma Rousseff, who was forced to support the protesters in the street in kitleler took place a few days after the release.
The trade between Russia and Iran rose to 71% - RT Business
Russia's ambassador to Iran, according to Levan Dzhagaryan, the lifting of sanctions, and the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran 70,9 per cent more than a year, showed that the rate of growth.
Ambassador to Iran since the international sanctions against the kaldırıldığından, Russian companies doing business in the country is largely due to the increased interest, he said.
The new companies to provide access to the market, with the Russian companies with existing ties with Iran.
Of course, a further increase in trade, Iran and is one of the main priorities for the bilateral co Dzhagaryan, "he said.
In the first five months of the year of 2016, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran in 2015 compared with the same period increased by 70,9 per cent and reached $beating, he said.
In particular, Russia's exports to Iran rose 91,5 rate per cent to $697 million.
Russia's imports from Iran, rose by 16 per cent to $158 million.
This increase in Ticaretteki, machinery, vehicles and weapons for the basis for making materials were provided with the envoy, "he said.
Dzhagaryan at the same time, this year, a record number of Iranians to Russia expects to draw tourists.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran, most of the Iranian citizens, including 35,000 visas to travel.
Also, for the first time, Iran, Russia, the number of tourists who visit is listed among the top 20 countries.
During last year's visit to Russia to record kırılacağını can Iranian tourists, "he said.
At the same time, the relatively less Russian is visiting Iran; this is a subject that he hopes to change.
The ancient Persian civilisation "is said to be in good condition anıtlarının İsfahan, Şiraz and visit the cities of Yezd öneririm personally," he said.
To the FETÖ nakitler from Izmir - Economic Reporting
The FETÖ for providing financial support to the detained Kavuklar Group Board of Directors President Abdullah Kavuk and Küçükbay Group Board of Directors President Ahmet Küçükbay with interesting details began to emerge.
FETÖ of Izmir's number 1 and 2, with the financial resources of the Küçükbay Kavuk FETÖ / PDY terrorist group's leader, Fetullah Gulen on a regular basis every month in the amount of money sent by loaded with kuryeyle has been set.
Gulen, who recorded it for the money to be sent to banks via yatırılmadığı, sent via courier, a member of the organisation have been identified.
On the other hand, the ruling also FETÖ were detained as part of the investigation related to the coup, which was transferred to the tribunal, including Merzifon Chamber of Commerce and Industry Chairman Fatih Altınay, nine people have been arrested, 7 people were released on condition of legal control.
The 10 years to run 30,000 lira in the bag
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call for "the interest rate on its" indirin, banks have moved in.
Before he launched the Property Housing, and later joined by atağına GYODER's campaign was proposed to be in the banks.
The border is seen as the housing loan interest rates below 1 per cent of the withdrawal of a proposal by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The 13 bank mortgage rates below 1 per cent.
To launch a discount furyasını public banks.
Earlier, 1.12 per cent and the monthly interest rates ranging from 1.29 in terms of its recent regulatory and, using the term of 10 years, housing credits consumer between 15 and 30 billion TL will pay less interest.
5 TERCİH İLA 10 years
But what about the interest reductions will bring home how alacaklara advantage?
10 years of 100,000 lira a person using the term loans, faizdeki decline in leverage to 30,000 lira.
Housing loans in the vast majority of those with a maturity of 5 to 10 years to elect the payment plan.
Interest rates in the coming days is expected to drop even further.
The interest on the positive impact on sales.
The housing sales in 2015 compared to the previous year rose by 10.6 per cent, 1 million pounds to 289.
Faizdeki indirimle sales this year is expected to surpass 1.5 million.
GYODER Chairman Aziz owned by grandson: Annual indirilmeli below 9 per cent.
The interest of state banks is an important step to go indirimine.
Cumhurbaşkanımızın and allowing them to interest rates.
However, the rate of annual inmeli below 9 per cent.
Discount if this process continues, we are in a difficult times the monthly 0.70 interest we think that a couple of months to implement his campaign.
Highlighting the lamb Group YKÜ Special: Uzayabilir says 3 months
Our economy as a month to bring this sınırladığımız canlılık girişimimize banks to participate in the extension of this historic campaign at least 3 to 4 month extension of.
However, credit interest rates of 9 per cent on an annual basis, it fell below.
This is just the housing sector and the real, positive psychology, and at the time the market to an unprecedented show of solidarity with the citizens of every sector of housing involves sacrifice to see that he has been pleased with it.
Polat Holding YKB Adnan Polat: We expect the full support from banks
His call to banks Cumhurbaşkanımızın indirimine inform the interest on a nice step.
Apart from that all sectors of the economy, there are a number of steps have been taken towards it.
NGOs in his campaigns, the decision by the Central Bank, and the steps taken in this direction for the country....
Of all the banks will need to take steps to bring hand taşın below.
They are also the bride, you are one of those seferberliğe katılın, with us, in the same way as, together, we can let's hand-in-hand in the economy.
Sabanci 5.5 per year from 1.5 billion TL investment
Sabanci Holding, in the first six months of this year, net hike, compared to the same period last year by 11 per cent to $1 billion to 353 liraya, sales were up by 22 per cent to 17 billion of 166 million yükselişle liraya.
The very fact that the director of Sabanci Holding (CEO) Zafer Kurtul, 1.8 billion in the first six months of the year, the TL, in the beginning of 2015, so far invested nearly 5.5 billion lira.
Kurtul said, "a difficult period in the past as a country we dönemeçten successfully," he said.
"After that, it is no longer for our country is more work and time to produce," he said.
From the Kabataş vessel made a stop stick 2 years
The Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality (İBB) Kabataş Square Arrangement, "conducted by the Centre for the transfer and the İskelelerin Renewal Construction" due to the Kabataş vessel iskeleleri maritime traffic was closed for nearly two years.
Kabataş sahilinde sea, rail and road transport system will be integrated into a modern transfer will take place in the centre.
Part of the traffic, and the uninterrupted flow will be provided on foot along the coast.
And the funicular tram systems, will continue to work for some time.
Citizens in the Taksim, Eminonu, Besiktas areas in order to transport flights will be launched in the ring.
Interest rates fell, rose in the house
A friend of mine took the message to the manager of the state bank.
One and the same thing.
Interest is decreasing, house prices are on the rise.
Interest rates go up, house prices fall.
"It was like the World," he says.
The individual is employed because it is related to the loans duyumları came to him afterwards.
The real estate Housing, who entered the campaign at an interest rate of 0.70 contractors increased their prices, a lot of the housing project, he says.
If there is baktım.
Short of the situation, there's nothing more than a...
At that point, I Fetullahçı Terror Organisation of the coup attempt on July 15th, a week after the construction of a summit organised by gazetemizin müteahhitle sohbetimiz.
The firm's boss of a big...
"In fact I identified müteahhitten prices by 10 per cent, it needs to be heard the words" to do "to fırsatçılığı or will you do it?" "Deyivermiştim.
Following the coup attempt led by the Property Housing campaign inşaatçılar 0.70 interest and 120 months with a campaign launched by a big sale.
I accept the hand placed under the taşın before the banks, took the risk.
But madem, Turkey's unity and to maintain the pace of kesmemek we act with a draw.
1 monthly kampanyanıza banks in the interest and support.
At that time no one hike fırsatçılığı yapmasın.
In the overthrow aranızda uyarın.
President Erdogan, Omer Koc and Ali Koc, and acknowledged
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Koc Holding Executive Board President Mehmet Omer Koc and Koc Holding, Acting Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ford Otosan, Ali Koc, and accepted.
Erdogan's, closed to the press at the Presidential külliyesi adoption of the meeting lasted 40 minutes.
The call came from the BDKK: Baking complain that banks
The Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency (BDKK) President Mehmet Ali Akben, President Erdogan's criticism of the banks "credit to recall," the warning said.
Akben, credit to recall "There is a condition for the market to turn the different fırsatçılığa saiklerle yapıyorsa vermeyiz allowed it, absolutely," he said.
These kinds of complaints and information for us, that's the name of the company on the basis of the Bank and the BDKK müracaatta both Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's complaint line.
President Tayyip Erdogan said in a statement yesterday that banks said: "I am I that rates have fallen, when the credit market genişletildiği both our investors and the bankalarımızın will be open in front of a new era," he said.
At this time of our country to give credit to the imtina said, urging the uyduruk bahanelerle loans the banks then set them a pure, announce that it is.
The annual interest rates of 7 to 8 per cent of the time when it won the money in the banks of these things.
The Russian tourists are expected to more than 500,000
Managers of the professional Hotel Association (POYD) President Ali Kızıldağ, held in the area of the exhibition EXPO 2016 Antalya conference ahead of the July 15 coup attempt in Turkey-Russia relations have entered a positive lines, Russia's scheduled flights to Antalya, and there was a certain revival in tourism, he said.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin's meeting, trade between the two countries in sectors such as tourism sector is also heyecanlandırdığını Kızıldağ, who said, "Both of agriculture, tourism and food consumption, inşaattan tekstile is a very positive development in terms of all the sectors and I expect it will be," he said.
Turkey and Russia are very close to each other, the two countries, which are based on the traditional relations.
"The leaders of the two countries have led the way as we are moving very quickly if we do mesafeleri goals as soon as possible, and I think I can go," she said.
The coup attempt was not coming to Turkey, the number of Russian tourists, they estimated that 1 million established that voice Kızıldağ, said.
But just in the high season, when we lost a month, so that its goal is to contract in question.
However, if the charter flights to 500,000 asked Gjergji Filipi aşarız I think.
Even at the end of a season in October to mid-November remit may be in question.
In such a case, a true yılbaşına konulabilir additional flights.
The positive atmosphere by the Russian people are very good, and I expect will be judged.
They were an attempt to Turkey, there is me.
Together, this move forward with perhaps 700 zorlarız there I think.
In terms of the Russian market, but also for the 2017 Kızıldağ, who said they are hopeful the relations of the two countries, as well as Russia's economy in the next year, the number of Russian tourists toparlanırsa back further to over 3 million.
The lifting of a ban on public personnel to trace rezervasyonların small POYD President Kızıldağ started small, he said, "the number of bookings which returns again, there is also a new rezervasyonlar suppress got under way," he said.
"On the Day of the victim, there is a hopeful beklentimiz," he said.
Kızıldağ, after the coup attempt by Iran to travel agencies seized round of ticket sales in the lifting of the ban, which is a very positive development, he said, "Iran's 1.2 and 2 in the 100 to 200 people per month getirebilirsek it would be very good," she said.
The current loan, yenilesin?
First, you cover the bank loan and stressed the new interest aspects of your kredinizi affected how they learn.
The loan early closure fee (typically used in the salary of 1.5 per cent and 2), with a new loan with a lower cost of using bankanızdan hesaplatın.
If you include all the costs is still favourable iseniz, apply for the use of low interest loans bulunabilirsiniz.
There is no aldırmak to Aslam, breathtaking!!!
The defending champion Besiktas, Galatasaray and play the Super Cup has won its fight against moralli intends to enter in the new season.
Centered on plans to win over all of the Technical's Senol Gunes, talebeleriyle, "tempolu oynamalıyız and aggressive," he said.
"The high percentage of bypassing you and I expect the control of the ball throughout the 90 minutes," he said.
Sosa, especially from the players who planned to idmanları Senol Gunes's Adriano and Quaresma öğrenildi are undecided on where it is.
The veteran coach led over the weekend, the Naguib antrenmanlarda stoperde tried but left bekte Adriano oynarsa stoperde Tosic will serve.
Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei, also will include a tercihte talebelerine Sun, who is also a long after the break of the ball çalıştırması have stalled.
You will be the boom - Sports Reporting
Galatasaray President Dursun Uzbeki, Galatasaray, who sponsor the NEF's earlier in the evening at a yemekte and answered questions from members of the media, and in the transfer of an annual fee, which is the subject of debate in the diaspora football player Tolga Ciğerci support.
I will talk to the players DEĞİL
According to last year's football team is in a much better benefit Dursun said, adding that it is "still not me in this regard, the players need to be on the ground to talk," he said, and added: "I can't say a thing," he said.
2 to 3 weeks of a göreyim geçsin said teams, then I would say that the championship şansımızı.
I expect from you in the boom.
You into its, you will know that this year will be the boom fiziğiyle, everyone will follow.
President of Galatasaray, Mehmet crippled took contact with the transfer period, the club, however, stressed that he could step in if anlaşmaması with and she said: "We are opponent is the price we did not ask artırsın yüklenme effort," he said.
Mehmet crippled centilmen, Efendi, an athlete.
Club and the anlaşamasaydı isterdik transfer to Galatasaray.
Bank BORÇLARI BİTECEK With RİVA
TT Arena to benefit from the construction of the hall will soon resume, he said, "to make a crowd of 13,000 istiyorduk hall," he said.
Our president, however, do it now, in the hall, a crowd of 15,000, "he said.
We have changed the project.
The money will come from the Riva kapatacağız bank to pay off the debt.
MAYISLAR YİNE BİZİ
Turkish Cup last season, where they will be able to play tomorrow are team in the final of the Super Cup has revealed that the quality of the Besiktas koyacağına Galatasaray, who said he believes President Dursun Uzbeki, yellow-kırmızılı club motto, a cümleyle claim.
"Our Mayıslar benefit," he said, it was a year after the break, the defending champion, said he believes it will be.
Lifted the ban deplasman
At a meeting of the clubs by the Union Foundation yesterday signed a historic decision.
The 15 July coup attempt on the agenda of the meeting deplasman agreed that the removal of the ban.
Starting the new sezondan büyüklerin including 4 games to play, and allowed the visiting team Besiktas and Bursaspor fans will be able to get a place at the tribünlerdeki.
To start with the foundation of Gümüşdağ, "in the wake of the July 15th in the continuation of the nation unity and beraberliğin deplasman yasaklarının we decided to," he said.
"This unity and Democracy Şehitleri beraberliğin on July 15 after we believe that much more attention to the supply," he said.
On the other hand, the Club Association Foundation is the result of a vote by the current board will continue his statement said.
Galatasaray Club President Dursun divan, was elected president of the benefit.
In contrast to earlier meetings, the omission of the club flamalarının on the table, he noted.
Turkey's unity and beraberliğine on Turkish flags and the table in an effort to do it.
"" KENDİ BAHÇEMİZİ TEMİZLEYECEĞİZ "
Turkey's an attack against the indivisible integrity haince deneyenlerin, found in the face of the great Turkish nation, President of the Association of Club Gümüşdağ to start with, the creation of the "FETÖ cannot afford not to take," he said.
"We, as a family of football that we have to clean up their own bahçemizi and toparlamak," he said.
Gümüşdağ, "under the name of Democracy, 15 July Cup, do you think an organisation?" Is a question, "especially after the Turkish Cup, there is general kanaati name has friends," he said.
"This proposal," membership with the TFF.
25,000 combined target
The new at Trabzonspor will compete in the new season.
Akyazı, to move to the day the offence to bordomavililerin Chairman Muharrem Veteran, a combined anketle via social media has set the prices.
The new season with a combined 25,000 aiming to sell 100,000 previously played and ensured a bordo, the sale kombinelere fans are expected to show strong interest in them.
Head Master, "Destination 25,000 combined, and more than 100,000 previously played," he said.
The survey cevaplarıyla fortress men and east / west tribün price we have agreed.
Hayırlı uğurlu regardless of whether.
"Now the ball is in your court," he said.
Bordo-mavili combined prices for the new season, the club is set at this way: "The lower and upper fortress arkaları tribün combined price of 350 TL, eastern and western tribünleri, has 750 TL."
The new season is worth 150 lira formasının also combined areas will be given as a gift, 30 per cent of the students, he combined space, will be held at the 50 per cent discount on the second kombinede.
The South KORELİ SUK AÇIKLANDI officially
Trabzonspor, South Korean Hyun Jun Suk and reached an agreement on all points.
Porto kulübünden recruited a year 750,000 euros for the player in the temporary transfer will be paid the price.
Players in the annual fee of 1 million euros will be given to guarantee.
Player's option to buy has been set at 15 million euros.
Affordable kitaplı self and
F.Bahçe, 11 June in 2015, two years of signing attırdığı Pereira sent at the end of the first year.
Aziz Yildirim and vice chairman of the board of the club's Financial Affairs Co-ordinator Tamer Yelkovan, held a meeting.
The meeting on the economic dimension on the table.
The UEFA's agreement with an annual "at a loss" for its decision to keep sensitive Yildirim's financial matters Yelkovan's assistance.
Pereira was in contact with representatives of the.
The last post was notified of it.
2-2.5 MİLY ANLAŞTILAR to ten EURO
Some of the financial issues are still unresolved, where we have been, therefore, is an official statement about this today or tomorrow will be held.
Pereira and his team from the official statement issued yesterday idmana team.
The total cost of this operation was around 4 million euros.
However, the F.Bahçe fesih, a figure that the price was lower than for the deal, it said.
F.Bahçe, Pereira öderse as a cash fee of 2 to 2.5 million euros, a figure will be finished the job.
Pereira doesn't find it, will be paid as a monthly salary.
If they reach an agreement on a team, the subject of this payment.
At the end of the 'yes' and Pereira went to the Fenerbahce fan has taken a major revolution in the petition.
In a battle with the Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin, Luis Nani were killed.
Robin van Persie, was lightly wounded kurtarılmıştır.
Vitor Pereira's gone full sevineceğim, our government expenditure more beterini defamation and I think.
Sevincim kursağımda.
Defending champion Fenerbahce, according to Pereira is heading.
Vitor Pereira bavulunu 3-5-2 gidebilirsin is no longer with them.
According to Pereira is heading to the 18th, while in Kadıköy.
Serdar Cakir was removed
The Turkish Football Federation (TFF), Serdar, who got the top referee observer of the öğrenildi had been removed.
Rio is currently involved in the Olympic Games, the FIFA referee hakemimiz Cüneyt Cakir, father of Serdar Cakir's post last year referee camiasında triggered controversy...
TFF's FETÖ recently, as part of the Central Board of Referees (if MHK), the Arbitration Board and the representatives and observers say that boards again.
From Van Persie's hundreds of Gulen ikonu
Pereira's where the claim is that the closing of Dutch star Robin van Persie, a Facebook hesabından imalı belonging to him sharing.
The Fenerbahce idmanından sharing photographs of Robin van Persie, a soccer ball and gülücük ikonunu peş peşe.
This sharing, "Pereira's gidişine seviniyor has been interpreted," he said.
That is the first ever independent Al-Deehani's
Rio 2016 Olympic shooting, which is the first in the double trap branşında Fehaid Al-Deehani, plays in the first gold medal in the history of the independent athletes.
Competing for the Olympic Shooting Centre in the double trap event in the medals have been handed out.
The country of Kuwait to the athletes at the Olympic Games, due to the sentencing of the Independent Team, 49, who joined with al-Deehani, double trap final category, Italian Marco Innocenti.
Opponent of 26 and 24 in convincing al-Deehani olimpiyatlarda independent athletes who won the gold medal in the team was the first name.
A door açtım Başörtülülere
At the 2016 Rio Olympics, beach volleyball, women who wear a head scarf as the Egyptian Doaa Elghobashy, "I am the Bikini and I respect the oynayanlara, başörtüsüne in general," he said.
In recent years, about the religion of Islam in the West, said he wants to break Elghobashy settling down in perception, "Başörtüm olimpiyatlarda I have not had any problems with it."
They are fighting yetenekleriyle athletes here.
Many countries in the Islamic world, via social media, I am positive messages.
In the women's özelikle cesaretlendiriyorsun us, if we are proud, they say.
A door açtım women wear a head scarf, "he said.
Sometimes, the flag of foreign athletes, why sorduklarını elbise shooter was closed, the Egyptian Elghobashy, 20, is also the need to "dinimin kıyafetle çıktığımı anlatınca are welcoming this understanding," he said.
Kazakh Balandin makes history
Swimming is one of the largest in the history of the sürprizlerinden well before dawn yesterday against the Kazakh Dmitriy Balandin's victory.
US yüzücülerin as favourite in the 200m butterfly Balandin, 2 minutes and 7 seconds to 46 salisede swept to victory.
The first swimming medal in the history of Kazakhstan, and many of them are also gold Balandin, who, with a time of 2: 07.53 in US Josh Prenot, 2: 07.70 with a time of Russian Chupkov followed.
The sun: Regardless of whether it is a friendship
Besiktas Technical Director Senol Gunes, a showdown against Super Cup has Suleyman Seba's death anniversary because the camia centilmence said they would be very meaningful for a fight.
The veteran coach led, "" friendship, kardeşliğe ihtiyacımızın more than ever these days, it is not just on the field tribünlerde emphasize the friendship, I firmly believe, "he said.
FETÖ leader, Gulen's assets have been seized
The Public Prosecutor's Office expects Adana Terrorism and Organised Crime Investigation Bureau of Technical and FETÖ / PDY by people and organizations linked to the previous, which is owned by the public works with a change in plans for the corrupt way of providing better value fahiş FETÖ / PDY terrorist group to help finance the indictment, 17 suspected of Adana 2. The heavy Criminal Court, the case was filed.
1, which is the number one suspect in the Fetullah Gulen, who attempted to remove the Constitutional Order a Etme's charges in the trial, the court, the accused Gulen, who escaped along with Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, about to catch up with the decision for the arrest.
By that time, however, and he escaped out the 4 defendants to the court decided to be held in illegal transactions.
Adana 2. This prompted heavy Criminal Court, failed in a bid to keep the case against foreigners who was in the country to have him and this is why the Fetullah Gulen to imprison illegal situation, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's "Criminal Procedure Law (CMK) 278 / 1 clause requires" all of the assets of al koyulması decided.
The court's decision, along with the fugitive in Turkey, where they owned property, land and sea and air transport vehicles, will receive all the rights, and the precious documents, the company will partner with the contract he mevcutları and bank accounts frozen.
Hussein Gülerce: Gulen's fall on the collapse of 3 ayağın
Commenting on the coup attempt of the FETÖ Hussein Gülerce sensational statements.
Hussein Gülerce satır early in the statements said:
I like when the coup kalkışacakları this issue in the last 5 or 6 months, "yazılarımda could attempt, but they no longer within the chain of command," I said.
Bilemedim two things; firstly that competitors will be widespread and deep, for instance, the General Commander of the Gendarmerie's 8th annual chain of officer and Mr. President's yaverleri.
Mr. President, who is fighting the most people, has noted how the able yaverlerini chose, but the most important characteristic of an unprecedented privacy.
Much two yüzlüler.
"This is a retired, such as FETÖ vaizin can do is not the work of one of the most important kanıtlarından said," so it should be a deep kumpas.
Will come from the CIA's support.
The CIA, it does not take hands too early.
Mahmut Övür says that in 2014, in 1971 Vehbi Koc at his home in the East and the Fetullah Gulen discussed the Fuat.
Then most of these people are interested in jobs in the relations between MIT and the CIA as the most is close to the presidency, he says.
Our staff's salary from the armed forces of the United States has already been paid, hatırlamadıktan after them, one man like that, it said.
We do it when we learn, in 2014.
Mahmut Bey's takes later, issued a statement denying that it was not in.
For instance, Adil orphans, the base was caught?
This added kimdir wonder.
The man in the last 25 days before the coup Pensilvanya heading to 2 times, 2 days ago.
Fair orphans since 2002, went abroad in search of 109 times.
All the time to raise them together, it is necessary to start this; at the moment, all the Fetullah Gulen kaçanların went to the United States starting in March 1999, a hangileri bahaneyle when in the United States, it needs to start.
Will be seen, however, is an opportunity to Pensilvanya gitmişlerdir.
But the CIA can be identified with the real irtibatları şuradan; raising the necessary people, especially from within the police to be sent to the United States in a very human.
There is a WikiLeaks documents; Gulen kurduruyor an association with the CIA and that the association is in joint meetings.
It was 15 years ago, with links to the CIA resmiyette studies to show that he is made of.
Fuat Avni Pensilvanya's is an intelligence havuzudur demiştim I was 2 years ago.
The man who worked in the prime minister's Fuat Avni is trying to join.
But the bad thing is; this information, such as when Pensilvanya, the CIA also fell.
Gulen's depends on the demolition of three ayağın collapse; it is just one of the base, but the link in the inactive friends, there are those who are deeply hipnozda iyice, this is still not even attempt a coup, Erdogan's film, they say.
I always said to the three leg, a support base.
Questions about the theft, burglary, the defeat of the right to Kul, this support base is very hard.
The other two foot; the political support, international support.
The international support is still available.
Which is the only thing that he did for political support, and the MHP deputies kasetlerinin FETÖ çekildiğinin documentation by managers.
"After the July 15th," FETÖ also use help Mr. Kilicdaroglu, has opened everyone's eyes.
A Gulen numaracı so that the "I" der yapmıyorum etrafım is doing.
He says that "my yanımda yahu Hussein Bey, this girl is a very different view rüyalar talebeler, gönderiyorlar told me, I am no longer yasakladım, because it is not true to rüyalarla Amel."
Registration had a voice, he told the audio footage showed people Barbaros Kocakurt: My mentor friends dream görmüşler, Peygamberimiz tweetleri katlayın split.
1 in Nusaybin, police have been killed
According to the owners of Selahaddin Eyyubi police patrols in armored vehicles, whose country currently holds the position of long namlulu opened fire with weapons by terrorists.
The first ateşte a police killed, a police officer, were wounded.
In the shootout to give the police turn over two terrorist.
Injured police, Nusaybin State Hospital were removed.
The operation is under way in the region.
Plotters oyaladı andthe fact TV transmissions
On the night of the coup attempt on July 15 a share, which is the key to preventing private TV sets, on Türksat darbecilere heroic, but thanks to a technical personnel to order continued.
That is a hero Asim Akkaya....
In a statement read during the TRT cut ordered the publication, said the resistance psikolojisine girdiklerini Akkaya, "which opened helikopterden ateşte killed my friends' and I was thinking of everything," he said.
Ever wanted to kesmemi arms dayayıp transmissions.
Only the local TV kapattım per capita.
Then the çanak antenlere uzaklaşmalarını sağladım buildings, saying we should be.
Up to 20 minutes Antenlerin parameter, where I spend time.
"There is also some of the cables kestim dokunmadım but based publications are," he said.
To the publication in Darbeciler Türksat başaramayınca Milky Way TV's experts.
These terrorists, the scene of the incident was captured from polislerce 3 minutes earlier.
Darbeciler when they return from the building about 1 hour after the phone call from them in the way he understood the TV showed bias, and with the moment has come to a very tight contest, Akkaya, said they have encountered.
Nöbetini dinner that night, I took in the 8 hours.
Emanetti us that's for sure. "
E-government, and one by one my friend nöbetçiydi for the electricity system.
We like the hours of 21.00 buluştuğumuz for tea, they heard there by low flying helicopters.
The helicopter was again silent-flying around a few air means more was there.
We have seen Işıklarını.
Image probably araçlarıydı alabilen drone.
Helipkopterlerin uçuyorlardı passes.
Ordayım 11 years, it is the first time I have seen as close to the flight nizamiyeyi aradım.
Then a hareketlenme began.
While news reports learned the bridge closed.
At the time of the general müdürümüz, security and the moment not mesaide arkadaşlara gave instructions for them to the building.
In order to get the information in the way nizamiyeye TRT showed bias has all the packages are learned.
TRT broadcasts were cut off during the 5 minutes.
TRT, the main kumandayı aradım ulaşamadım, however.
Check istasyonumuz TRT showed bias came back and has begun okunmaya said in a statement.
General Manager Halil Yeşilçimen help us, the governor ordered the blocking the urgent need TRT showed bias.
TRT 3 trial for a wide range of broadcasting we have begun to work for publication kesebilmek.
Just before the Prime Minister Binali Yildirim's kalkışma duymuştuk, quoted in there.
TRT Müdürümüzün, in the exact order that makes us a little bit of resistance in the psikolojisine position.
The TRT kestik, we heard the voice of the helicopter, after a period of time.
We went, nizamiyeye halved the helicopter fired at each location, everyone aside.
In the side of a building saklandık.
There were a total of 12 830,000.
We were soldiers from the tier geçince helikopterden girmişler.
A few arkadaşımızı has failed to arrest the soldiers.
We have done for them, but we set out.
At the time of the general manager of the region and the knee yardımcımızı çöktürdüklerini father.
The troops of their own including konuşuyorlardı.
One of them, vuralım, korksunlar, is one of the Powerless.
Then all of us içeriye oturttular.
The patron of the commanders in chief, who, in a more sormayacağım asks bağırmaya began.
In one of his speeches in the style of vuralım, we thought we heard: Memleketten were ordered, but no one has come to us, that's the TRT in the final, she said.
This means that there is a resistance.
At that moment I felt his own canımdan vazgeçtiğimi.
Me, 'I asked:
At the moment kalktım up without knowing what to do.
The only thing that I think of that moment, to my helikopterden nizamiyedeki was opened fire.
Nizamiyede 10 to 15 friends and I thought that it was killed at the end of the day, us öldürecekler düşününce, for which collapsed in a comfort.
Except in the commander's TRT broadcasting keseceksin, said in a statement.
The local channels with satellite system that we monitor bölümümüz.
Require that 80 of the 200 members of the local authority pledged to trial at which they enter.
I came in this room.
There was no national broadcaster, including.
I am kesildiğini söylersem kesersem and all of them, at least until then ulaşır Western support for income assistance.
Or expenditure by the location where I asked:
It can then çıkamayacağımızı kabullenmiştik.
In complete keseceğim, I asked:
The local channel paketlerinden kestim antenna and from one of them.
The power of national channels izleyebildiğimiz monitörlere düğmesini kestim.
So that there is no signal yazıcaktı all ended last year.
I have to go to completely kesilebilmesi antenlere I have said that I should be.
I am antene yolladı commander of two soldiers.
Antenna rooms açtım, soldiers in one of the stop, orda said in a statement.
The weapon alnıma dayadı.
All except in the TRT keseceksin, no one will, at the end of the day, one of the içinizden vuracağım, rakia olursun, it said in a statement.
I am no longer canımdan geçtiğim gidince göreceksin feeding, for that will be all but frozen in dedim, söylemedim, nothing else.
We're İstasyona, oyalanarak kestim local transmissions.
The other antene we crossed.
Who was close to 20 per cent of the national outlet I have popped up a system for the future.
The local stations kesince about 20 of them in the monitor.
Rabbim has helped us so that, when we had both the answer to both their basiretlerini.
Our cevaplara inandılar.
Üstelemediler. "
This relief of us.
Trafonun web but only after they replace.
I don't know, I am in the tv yayıncısıyım dedim, is there, the electrician's Aranızda asked.
It would not be in the evening, after the mesaiden electrician, the breakdown of the income, if the team I asked:
Who was, in fact, electrician was there.
The Greek publications kesmediğim comes to mind.
For the soldiers oyalamak cut them, I had lost.
A little bit for as many publications have kesildiğini rahatladılar.
Mental edemiyorlardı based publications are to the.
No longer the group it has been put on hold.
About an hour later led to the TV in the waiting hall A News yayınını görmüşler.
Once inside, the troops entered.
Komutanım A News publication kesmemiş's, "he said.
We came here komutanla eye visible.
Kalk, up in arms, said in a statement.
Kalktım. "
At that moment, a soldier is still ongoing, there is enough, "he said.
In Cyprus, there are broadcast channels, "he said.
They are doing in the broadcast via Cyprus, we can give them something, I asked:
After the birileriyle yazıştıktan after "as much as all of us up in arms," he said.
From Darbeciler Türksat minibüsle fled.
I am tuvalete propeller and water that had been executed at the seat of soldiers seized a range of photographs of my father.
3 fire on several occasions, and have alnından yanaklarından vurmuşlar.
My friends are in the same soldiers.
It's the adoption by our side in the address.
A askerliğini is probably over.
They may have learned to avoid execution.
According to testimony by Asim Akkaya's first team to the Türksat Gölbaşı came from the police.
Police are using helicopters to home teams, güvenlikçilerin tarandığını ilçeye when they went to take to their ammunition.
The 40 minutes later they returned.
Police teams when they did not receive the foreign nizamiyesinde Türksat anyone.
Officers only 3 to 4 minutes after the Milky Way to be sent from the TV, the so called experts are describing the Akkaya come from the building, "police units, called on the inside of us, the Türksat personeliyiz, emergency demişler, we need to be," he said.
"Police ID sorunca telaşla four of several phones sarılmışlar and içeriye yakalandık have, in the news," he said.
After the spirit of Yenikapı Dağkapı
The AK Party, with citizens in the region, "the faithful learning to build" bridges of businessmen, artists, athletes and found önderlerinin widely, including at the beginning of September with a delegation of Diyarbakir, Mardin, Van, and will be in the fire.
The AK Party, the FETÖ / PDY construction of democracy after the bloody coup attempt by the junta that nöbetleriyle nation "in the spirit of the Yenikapı" is set to move to Diyarbakir.
Kurban Bayrami in parts of Eastern and Southeastern Anatolia ahead of the charity campaign will be carried out, the CHP and the MHP deputies also will be invited to the heads of the city.
"The people of the region, the state and the nation will stand with the message" of the AK Party, helping poor families, and the need to set up.
The AK Party's latest MYK conference held during Ramadan for the first time, he focused on the Bridge Project.
Suffer from the affected region, needy families, especially for children and young people assessed the positive results of the project at the meeting, Gonul Bridge of the Eid was also continued in the decision.
Executive Vice President, Head of the Civil Society of Public Relations, chaired by Mehmet Müezzinoğlu started work.
Under it, the East and the South East, in 12 cities, Diyarbakir, Mardin and is scheduled to meet in Van.
The centre, which is considered the meetings will be held ahead of the holiday 3 provinces.
News from the businessmen, artists, athletes and found önderleri will also attend.
These meetings, the aid, and will focus on the organisation of the work.
Kurban Bayrami in the famous, members of the delegations, with the assistance of citizens themselves.
The holiday harçlığı will be given to young people and children, the schools reopened after the holiday to the needs of the school giderilecek in this way.
The owners of the meat to be distributed.
On July 15 after the AK Party, the CHP and the MHP include the spirit of national unity against the coup, this will be reflected in the project.
The project, which includes the 12 cities in the district of the CHP and the MHP organizasyonlara will be invited.
Assistance will be provided along with 3 yürütmesi, the party's activities.
News from the Yenikapı, as in the opening is thought to have been invited.
Father of orphans, "said the fair
Number 1 in the July 15 coup attempt, as FETÖ cü Adil, together with the father of the orphans have been detained and her mother, who was transferred drive cars.
Kayınpeder Xhevat Yildirim and should be welcomes Yildirim, they will control the tribunal's proceedings, and the ban on illegal exit abroad, but were released.
Speaking as he leaves the courthouse Xhevat Yildirim, called for the surrender of damadına said: "I am the state," he said.
Allah belasını versin darbecilerin.
I know for me, I have 18 years of Adil tanıyamamışım orphans, in fact.
There is no such thing as a fair damadım orphans.
I want to capture a moment evvel.
In this way, can neither in Turkey, nor can the world.
From the Turkish adaletine güvensin.
Mistake yaptıysa sentence to suffer.
It gives us kaçmakla ordeal.
To the police, unfortunately, the state, unfortunately.
20 and 25 days the police, the other a work-uğraşmıyor.
Turkey does not want to return to Syria, "Yildirim said, adding that" our coup, but we need to work, "he said.
Turkey's Syria to go and we do not want to be like.
Syria's neighbour, such as Turkey, was there.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as a president.
"It would be our job to the coup," he said.
On the other hand, the most recent on July 19 hours to attain high 03.00 Highway Akyazı outlets while görüntülenen orphans, 'Sir' vehicle license plates in Akyazı kayınpederinin garajına playing her home after she disappeared.
The university FETÖ operation: 30 detention
Fetullahçı strenuously oppose the terrorist group at the university conducted in Izmir this morning as part of the investigation was published düğmeye for the operation.
The Izmir branch by the Directorate for Combating Financial Suçlarla Chalabi secretary of Izmir University in the operation, the duration of about 40 members of the decision by the university adreslerinde 30 per cent of the suspect taken into custody.
Izmir is the order of the Public Prosecutor's Office was detained in the operation, with names include professors.
The detained within the Directorate for Combating Financial Suçlarla was questioned at the branch.
Other figures in the work of the search is under way.
The detained intihara wrists prosecutor
According to the County Police Directorate of teams, Viranşehir as part of the investigation, the Public Prosecutor Ahmet Fişne makamında asked to be taken into custody.
This prompted Fişne, will head the weapon of suicide dayayarak claimed.
Fişne, drive cars off his friends and his wife, who was persuaded by up to the suicide.
The detained Fişne, County were taken to the Police Directorate.
The smoking ban in the areas of the park and sports
Bilecik Mayor Selim Yağcı, Sheikh Edebali Culture and Convention Centre at the signing ceremony, the Municipal Assembly resolution park, sports and playing in a içilmemesi point of an article eklediklerini municipality regulations, he said.
Yağcı, all related to the future of the new generations, as well as managers of public institution, in an effort to sign the protocol she met the protocol hayırlı wishing to children and young people.
In the Provincial Health Director Yasin Yilmaz protokolle bıraktırma people cut back, and the young people of the soul from bad habits and to uzaklaştırmanın reported.
Following the statements, the Mayor Yağcı, Sheikh Edebali University Rector Professor Dr. Ibrahim Stone, the City Council of National Education Director Virtue Durmus, Provincial Health Director Yilmaz, County Public Health Director Omar Balci, Acting Secretary General of Public hospitals Kadir and Serkan Keskin Yeşilay Acting Chairman of the Association of Bilecik Şubesi Hilal Savran signed the protocol.
Saw in the Ergenekon kumpası, killing FETÖ
The Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office expects that in 2009, "" suicide, "she remained closed Special Operative Department President Behgjet Oktay's mysterious ölümünde FETÖ is exploring the role of the.
Oktay from the same lojmanda remaining and Oktay 6 days before his death, Hezbollah Terror suspect she fake name dinleten former Police Intelligence Department Chief Ramazan Akyurek, the top suspect in the investigation.
As part of the Ergenekon investigation, seized a part of the team of highly emniyetteki FETÖ by the Office of the Special Operative çalınıp were buried, it was also detected for Oktay's were killed.
In Ankara, 25 February 2009, which was hit as the beginning of the era of the Special Operative Department of President Behgjet Oktay's death "suicide," the statement said.
In the incident, however, there were a lot of questions.
His family and his lawyers successfully argued that the legal battle of the family and, as a result of the evidence that it is 2 years later, this time to the murder investigation.
Solak, Oktay's pistol, said to have been struck him in the right elindeydi.
Also, kaburga kemiklerinde kırıklar and vücudunda darp traces were detected.
The case related to the murder investigation was opened in May of 2012.
Only in the case of the murder, which was dead, and is in the hands of the powder of Halil kesici have been tried.
Kesici was acquitted at the end of the trial.
The other is in jail for a crime and sent to the prosecutor's office, Oktay's involvement in his death, "said Nurhan Onder, is to take over the criminal and judicial authorities on charges of" yanıltma 6 months in prison.
That SAVCILAR SORUŞTURULSUN
In the meantime, the "suicide," said Huseyin Yalcin, retired, and the prosecutor in the murder investigation, which currently holds the Mustafa Düzgün told the Supreme Court.
Oktay, together with his family this autopsy prosecutor Nihat chairman.
Behgjet Oktay Şule Oktay, his sister and brother decent Oktay and his family lawyers, the prosecution process, a lot of appeal.
Halil Oktay kesici's specially trained in alone, it is not possible öldürmesinin said, adding that the family had asked for the investigation.
The family searched örtüldüğünü said, adding that the incident, prosecutors and Mustafa Huseyin Yalcin Düzgün and Behgjet Oktay file from police officers who want to shut down as the suicide of detection and prosecution.
The family was all the demands, Oktay's 6 days before his death, a member of the Hezbollah Terror Abdurrahman added, "True" listening to the fake name.
To listen to in the era of the Police Intelligence Department of yaptıranın Chief Ramazan Akyurek.
This development prompted Behgjet Oktay file from back in the Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office expects that the Fetullahçı Terror Organisation (FETÖ) began to look over the edge.
Oktay's illegal dinlenmesiyle related Ankara Heavy Criminal Court, the trial is scheduled to begin on September 19th.
Arkasinda TABİİ Kİ FETÖ there
Oktay interviewed by the morning's family, led to the current investigation are hopeful.
Members of the family, in a declarative before, during the investigation and the prosecution claims FETÖ were apparent cover up, he says.
Brothers and sisters Şule Oktay said, "This murder göstere göstere was, in fact," he said.
We are algılayamadık.
Prior to his murder ağabeyim in the food, in what I said.
I, Kim's, I asked:
It seems to me that at the time the FETÖ help pointed out.
And I will be dismissed, I had lost.
His death getirmedim never comes to mind.
This job is, of course, there is the FETÖ behind it.
"At that time management elindeydi them," he said.
Who were searching for the boy's family, was attended by duasına
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, democracy is the latest on a break from the previous nöbetlerine nöbette, Presidential külliyesi garden to the citizens, the AK Party Member of Parliament through the Nazim Maviş Sinop, democratic fatherland üniversiteli Omar Can açıkgöz's family was also searched.
01.30 at night, they pray for his son, the father said, adding that the telephone Fahrettin açıkgöz, "Mr. dualarıyla participated in our president," he said.
"I also believe that the health of our country, and that I said it is important for us," he said.
In SAĞLIĞINIZ BİZİM İÇİN ÖNEMLİ,
President Erdogan the previous evening in front of the Presidential külliyesi addresses the citizens.
Erdogan, after a night of horror, some citizens and met in Külliye.
Democracy nöbetine, keeping it from an elderly teyzenin has been walking Tayyip Erdogan, who is the only the only conferred with citizens, children have shown initial interest, also thanked the handouts followed by its citizens.
He later said the AK Party Member of Parliament Sinop Nazim Maviş through July 15th in the fatherland, Omar Can açıkgöz Fahrettin açıkgöz are searching for his father.
Who was standing in front of the presidential külliyesi TOBB, 21, a student at the Faculty of Law at the University of Omar Fahrettin açıkgöz Can's father, at home in the night hours, 01.30 while martyrs continue to pray for his son, and he said that he is looking for, the president said, "my son that we pray for our president, they were Mr. dualarıyla also took part in the event," he said.
I also believe that the health of our country, and that I said it is very important for us.
"Mr. Cumhurbaşkanımızın aramasından and pray over the phone is very happy with it," he said.
"All of the FETÖ destroyed
26 in Izmir Urla cü FETÖ, have been arrested.
The victims were among those arrested in accordance with the wording "within the organisation that is referred to as" Zorba mütegallibe and ending the Zaman newspaper aboneliğini those threatening the Liberation Naip Hepyalçın.
In Uşak FETÖ her himmetçi, 20, have been arrested.
In Bursa, Bursa, including former Police Chief Ali Osman Kahya, where it is transferred to the 24 people who drive cars.
Imami TUTUKLANDI doctor
The doctors in charge of the organisation in Edirne Tünbel imam Aydin, have been arrested.
At the University of Denizli Pamukkale 14 professors, 30, at the University of Alanya Alaaddin Keykubat 19, Karabük University 2 academics, in Rize FETÖ cü yarbay Hilmi Sandal, was taken into custody.
8 the prevailing in Diyarbakir and the prosecutor and the deputy governor of 2, 2 kaymakam was taken into custody.
At the demolition of one of the detention hearing Hâkimlerden öğrenildi was done.
Batman, the deputy governor in Sener Çağlar were suspended.
At the Istanbul Police (465 2 suspended police chief of police have been arrested.
51 in Konya, Kayseri, also 14, 14, in Malatya, in Siirt 10 police and the imam in the city of Adana Naim S. have been arrested.
People that hit the PKK koruyormuş a traitor
For more than four years to finish the PKK terrorism, fighting a fierce battle of Turkey, that there is no reason they cannot fight against the leaders of the day, began to surface.
Turkey's critical institutions of leaked confidential FETÖ militants, four hand, is to Turkey, he worked for.
Today the escalation is where Hrant Dink Murder, Uludere incident, the critical events, such as the fall of the Russian when FETÖ behind it, is in serious doubt, and the evidence is beginning to emerge.
Very KABARIK HAİNİN SİCİLİ
During the July 15 coup attempt by President Tayyip Erdogan's oteline in Marmaris and assassination operation that led the raid in the FETÖ cü, Brigadier General Gokhan Sahin Sönmezateş kabarık's record high.
Earlier Sönmezateş's will be held to the PKK terrorists havalanırken harekatlarını planes in the air it was reported.
In his research, in the Intelligence units Gökhan Sönmezateş kabarık is's record has been set.
Retaining the TERÖRİSTLERİ
Sızdırılmasının intelligence to the PKK, as well as the goals set out by Turkish warplanes in the full vurmadığı.
MIT's terrorist group, the PKK's leader on the staff at that point in the Qandil intelligence, Gökhan Sönmezateş vurulmasının was prevented by saptırılarak targets.
Koordinatların değiştirilmesiyle, the PKK's leader kadrosunu skater catches some air at war planes in order to destroy the targets hit by the places side by side, so that the leaders of the terrorist group, the investigation has been set.
Examination of the Intelligence, both targets saptırılmasında and the F-16 are havalanmadan regardless of the PKK terrorists housed kaçmasında Sönmezateş's key role.
37,000 officers file opens
The Fetullah Gulen terrorist order after the coup attempt by members of the FETÖ püskürtülmesinden TSK, in the Ministry of National Defense and the restructuring process is under way.
Schools, especially in the military by the FETÖ single entry clerk carried with them, it is not a member of the military students have been sent to schools yıldırılarak anlaşılınca, a thorough cleansing process is under way.
In the last 39 ihraçlarla 2,287 officers left some 37,000 officers for the general and amiraller while cleaning these officers will be carried out in order to do it.
In particular, for it to the rank of colonel teğmenlerden kadrolarda terfiler to be frozen under it.
A comprehensive investigation to be completed before the Terfiden.
The only 37,000 officers file only began to be opened.
Forty Kılı yaran FETÖ a working with members of the soldiers will be revealed.
Which FETÖ relationship to the officers, their posts will continue.
From the army in the past FETÖ cü temizlenene as it will take up the fight, noting that the promotion of officers in the investigation, however, have raised the issue after the next.
The investigation into MIT, the Police Intelligence and working together with the State Audit Board.
As part of the investigation file in the officers' military finishing School sivilden or whether their rank, their terfiler, araştırılıyor places and commanders.
In addition, even through the tertipleri FETÖ yaran kılı or whether they are a member of a study to be investigated.
That doesn't have any connection with the FETÖ officers to process the negative etkilenmemesi every measure will be taken in.
The slightest doubt that the officer rastlanılırsa will be transferred immediately suspended from the judiciary.
To identify those who are linked to the FETÖ, information and documents of the army and the ilişiği immediately.
During all these transactions terfiler dondurulurken, derinleştirilecek scrutiny.
Post İhraçlar kadrolarda vacuum oluşmaması necessary measures will be taken in order to do it.
FETÖ kumpasıyla TSK's atılanlar and forced retirement if they want to be the equivalent of a security investigation after kadrolarda and his friends and the same rights circuit özlük mesleklerine dönebilecek.
2 BİN 133 officers being exported EDİLDİ
The TSK's Chief of Staff on July 1st, the number of personnel in the 39 2,287 as officers.
Lieutenant, üsteğmen, a captain, a major, yarbay and albaylardan 32,000 289 officers of the majority of the staff in the 2008 Land, Air and Naval forces görevliydi.
However, the first wave of 27 July ihraçlarda took away 726 of the Land, 314 of the Air Force, the Marine forces in, 59, 99, was removed from the officer.
31 July resolution accompanying in 125 of the Land, 909 also from the Gendarmerie General Command, including bin 304 officers with more TSK ilişiği.
Pehlivanoğlu: It has "FETÖ Turkes
The MHP's founder and first president, Alparslan Turkes's korumalarından retired başkomiser Tahsin Pehlivanoğlu, Turkes zehirlenerek were killed, and it comes from someone is doing in collaboration with the FETÖ suggested.
From 1977, died in 1997, at any moment, Turkes Pehlivanoğlu "so far, but it's not anlatmadım Muhsin Yazicioglu söken parts of the helicopter at the same görüntüsünü troops and soldiers deployed to kill Cumhurbaşkanımızı darbecilerin is over and if so to speak," he said.
Which is why Turkes's protection:
In 1997, we went to Germany.
He takes up to 3 days ago başbuğa check-up home.
Check up Fikret Burdurlu, 33, who was a doctor, "the young gibisin by 18 per cent," he said.
"There is no nothing," he said.
The reason is that the doctor died of a heart attack a month later.
On April 3rd, we returned to Ankara.
Başbuğum went to his ruling.
On his way back, and I am looking at the Ankara Hilton in a honoured.
One driver, but only after Alparslan Turkes camı hungry, "escape," he said.
Survival of glass açtırmazdı.
Camı led hık added a voice.
The Presidential Medical Centre before the heart masajı, electro, but we had been striving.
Bayındır götürdük Medical Centre, but the barrage of job layoffs.
Ruling that someone in the family, I think that says.
Turkes, the autopsy did not.
The former wife Seval Turkes, my rahatsızlığımı and söylemlerimi duymuş was killed, it will be up to the "Turkes dollars or anything," she to defend the last remarks.
The human feth and i now yaptırır, grave açtırır.
They underwent a heart attack.
Turkes açılmalıdır again in the tomb.
Alparslan Turkes were killed?
To Pensilvanya kaçırırken were gold!!!
In Izmir FETÖ / PDY's business since the operation to below 1.5 of distinctive, Pensilvanya, have been seized during the originated.
During the operation at work during the searches in order to be trafficked Pensilvanya bekletilen 30 kilos of gold, which is more distinctive öğrenildi.
Businessman Mehmet Eldem's workplace Eldem Kuyumculuk, Pensilvanya or will be detained after the altınların 3 people arrested and sent to jail.
It was also conducted in Izmir detained during the operation as part of an investigation into the business, Mustafa Özkara, Ezel Seçilmiş and Resul Seçilmiş have been arrested.
The Izmir City Police Directorate for Combating Financial Suçlarla branch of teams during a sting operation on July 29th in the Aegean and the Western Mediterranean Industry and the Federation of Businessmen (ESİDEF) Board of Directors Chairman Mustafa Özkara and Batınak Transit Transport Oil and Tours. Tic. Ltd. Kriter Magazine's (BALPET) owners of Ezel Seçilmiş and Resul Seçilmiş was taken into custody.
While trying to flee to Kyrgyzstan, Izmir Adnan Menderes Airport, at the head of the captured ESİDEF Özkara, Fetullah Gulen's first mission within the mütevelli Osman Gürbüz Özkara FETÖ's son, and is in the area of the Aegean, is one of the most important figures in it.
They have the financial resources to the FETÖ detained for alleged ties to the other members of the business community in the Ezel and Resul Seçilmiş 5 fuel station owner they were confiscated in the duty.
1 to 3 benzinci held up 12,000 vehicles per hour
The incident occurred in the Eagle last night.
Their goal is to extortion arrived in Eagle, before the two men on the side of a road after a gas station 300 metres further to another petrol station, and then again on the side road to another station shot soydu.
The home invasion robbery post alarmed Eagle police identified the suspects as soon as possible and try to catch up with him.
Police teams they C.Ş. and the U.A. 's crimes are used by the instrument.
Eagle square istikametinden used vehicles which they have started to flee the police, the fire in this place. "
The aftermath of the continuing the chase on foot vaziyette, is one of the indictees Sovereignty kıskıvrak was caught on the Boulevard.
The police C.Ş. from him in the second, in accordance with the information as soon as possible.
They have operations in the Eagle Police Büro was arrested and then was sent to jail.
On the other hand, masked robbery was recorded by the cameras.
The footage shows the gas station security kameralarına reflected as a suspect, the first petrol station and then the discovery is an outstanding vehicle hoods takarak and markete again, with their weapons.
The first suspect, who entered Markete and market boğuşma before among employees.
Saldırmasıyla Market employees broke out after the suspect, who was accompanied by other individuals to put new masks and shot.
The employees of explosive weapon that he once kasadaki 6,000 200 lirayı, leaving.
At the top of the indictees aramalarında 3 istasyondan extortion they have about 15,000 lira, without a weapon and a tool of extortion, they have been seized.
Big Okyanus 7.2 quake was introduced in
The United States Jeolojik Research Centre (USGS), the central base of the New Kaledonya Island, 109 kilometres (10 miles east of the earthquake's maritime yatağının derinliğinde there has been announced.
Loss of life and a tsunami warning after the quake açmayan, was cancelled shortly after.
"The Pacific kuşağında Conspiracy Çemberi" earthquake in Vanuatu, which often consists of the earthquake.
Unaware şehitlik prayer made the coup
On the night of July 15th, killed at the Bosphorus Bridge, 38, Cetin Can's relatives, metanetlerini.
His wife, Fatma Can, have not yet been reports of a coup attempt that night that occurred without his wife's mark in "Şevval şehitlik had learned of a prayer" sohbette, it made it home şehitlik prayer, that this prayer kılmayı has recommended.
Namazın are tracking reports on television and in the evening, after the coup attempt, the öğrendiklerini Fatma Can,.
Together, which was prepared and we went.
Gittiğimizde bridge, there were people waiting there.
Bridge inspectors, the tank opened fire has fallen to 2 times.
We have taken us in, then we continued walking tank gidince.
A major bridge to a point where the bus was there.
I saw it as a very kalabalıktı.
We stopped there for a period of time, she said.
What we thought that we'll İlerleyemeyince added.
Geçmemizi asked the tough side in the lane.
The side lane geçince sniper, I expect, we have a clear goal and was shot there.
He is tough, 4 hours after attending the prayer prayer common dead.
There was no news of the coup falan.
A hikmeti of God...
Who, God, in the name of Allah.
"My wife before Ben ölürsem mezarıma fruit on a tree that steep," he said.
The tomb of this wish tree for their own choosing.
Fatma Can, President Erdogan visited by themselves in gratitude for the introduction, "God would settle for him," he said.
Tesisat unearthed the skull and bone fragments were found in!
According to information obtained, 20.00 hours in lines at the Presidential faculties in Ankara with the owners of the New Street railway kesişiminde Coşkunlar Street, which is at the same time, the power of business equipment for his work during the döşemek pipes from the bone fragments.
This prompted the employees and residents of the neighbourhood, reported to the police.
At the scene of the incident İhbar police teams have been transferred.
The work of business equipment during the 3 counts of kafatasını and bone pieces in view of the police, the place of the incident review units.
The place of the incident review teams work, then the bone fragments torbalara konularak forensic institution was taken.
Residents of the neighbourhood, where the rash kemiklerin pieces of an old cemetery, and sought after in the 1960s, gecekondular is done, then fell gecekonduların also claimed.
About the incident review is under way.
Return of Rita's katilinin may take 4 months.
In Istanbul, Izmit Gölcük kaybolduktan 34 days after the body was found in a German hairdresser Rita darı Winkler's (39) 4 months after the murderer who was captured in Germany, his men, the extradition to Turkey may require 4 months, the statement said.
Winkler, a male friend on Thursday (March 3rd), Ali Kemal S. (46) and arrived in Turkey to meet.
Ali Kemal S. and in Istanbul Pendik buluştuktan Wednesday morning after 9 March) is expected to return to Germany disappeared.
The family of missing a tip-off from the Istanbul Police doubts about the outcome of the research conducted by the Winkler's boyfriend, who is married, Ali Kemal S. focused on it.
On April 13th, published atv ekranlarında Müge Anlı programme and Sweet Sert, Ali Kemal S. 's, his brother Hussein S., which is owned by the Gölcük, a tip came from the excavation work on the ground.
İhbar business on the ground on the work of the search took place.
Winkler's body was found buried in a place on the job.
Related to the murder of Ali Kemal S. assessed by helping to contradictory statements and safe, his brother Hussein S. (42) were arrested.
The suspect, Ali Kemal S. Winkler's body in Germany, where we had then disappeared.
Hamm Chief Prosecutor, 190 countries wanted by Interpol, Ali Kemal S. was marched in the street, and the police direnmediğini reported.
The German Prosecutor General where he is hiding so far, have not been identified yet, is in the process of return to Turkey has said it can find 4 months.
Cü darbecilerin FETÖ, on the night of July 15th, Akıncı Base of the widely read throughout camiden salayı susturmak found that at the mosque.
In the morning, what Akıncı Base, which is the nearest mosque TAİ TUSAŞ's assault on what to do with the scenes of the mosque, "said that" in the name of imamının kutsallar şikâyet reached during the paramilitary.
According to preliminary darbeciler, he was in the Sala okunmaya shortly after it nearly 50 metres distance direct hoparlöre began to fire on the target.
One in 4 to the margins of hoparlörün şerefeye hit.
Darbeciler hoparlörü ettiremeyince hit the central system by the end of the Sala was read aloud.
The place of the incident, according to the imam of the mosque, with the intention to kill tutanaklarına and darbeciler postallarıyla entered the door from the inside.
The Mustafa mosque İmamı Sugar also said: "I have no personal as yaralanmadım şikâyetim mosque fire, however, even if the people who were having and Win, this is the most severe form of a cezalandırılmalarını I want to," he said.
The young people of the drug which
Sarıyer in Istanbul last week, which have been taken to hospital after falling ill at a youth festival in 2 out of 5 people were killed.
According to the Bahçeköy on 6 August at a youth festival, held in a 5 per cent of those went to hospital after falling ill.
Ergin treated Brigade (19) and Gokhan Alatas (19) were killed.
The treatment of 3 people, is under way.
Police said the young people who attended the festival set forth the drug hap sold 5 people were taken into custody.
Computer drive cars transactions are then transferred the 5th suspect was arrested at 3, 2 and tutuksuz trial were released.
Research related to the death of young people in the nedenine continues.
Burhaniye from Balikesir, who also set up tents in the seaside resort on the edge of the camp, and he had two of the young people who use drugs 6.
B.D. which have been to the hospital, and he died.
After the treatment, the other 4 young is to be taken to the police as their testimony.
Bomb in front of the house where he lived apart from his wife who was the
Living in Bursa, 41, M.Y., about 8 to 9 months ago due to severe discord blocks his wife, who fled the house in front of the house he rented in an effort of its own, and that includes the power of the coup and the nails' bilya arttırdığı improvised bomb, who was there.
Yesterday evening due to the boom in residents fear and panic, while düzenekteki bilya and nails distinct components to the environment of many homes camlarının kırılmasına.
In the fight against terrorism and the unemployed workers who fled after the incident that M.Y for the work.
Residents of the neighbourhood of women, due to pressure from his wife about a month ago, yerleştiğini left the house to safe house, he said.
In the Philippines, the boom in prison: 10 dead
Spokesman for the Bureau of jail Management and Penoloji senior inspector Xavier left, Paranaque in Manila tried two of the cause of the blast at an unspecified number of prisoners died in 10 Chinese citizens, he said.
Gardiyanın were injured in a bomb blast in the heavy, left, "all that has been done on the first inspection of the movement have confirmed that it was an explosion," he said.
"Due to the research of the blast is under way," he said.
Prior to the incident, while the other girls would be taken to a building on the province wants to meet when gardiyanla incelendiğini, left, the investigators is part of an escape attempt, said it is exploring whether or not.
Police officer Jose Carumba, it said in a statement to the local press, is the voice of the gardiyanın gun and then shooting the prisoners, it was a track that patladığını hand grenades.
Curumba, authorities said, the weapon that hit the guard soktuklarının investigated how the prison inmates, he said.
Explosions in Thailand
In southern Thailand, which occurred in the city of 4, 3 people were killed in the blasts.
Officials, Trang, Hua renomination, Phuket and Surat Thani said 3,000 people were killed in the blasts, including tourists, 35 people have been wounded, he said.
Police Spokesman Piyapan Phingmuang, speaking at a press conference that there is no links to the terrorist bomb attacks on it.
Phingmuang said, "Thailand's regional or religious argue with anyone there is no problem," he said.
"It was an act of domestic sabotaj," we think that it is.
The junta leader Prayut bell-oça also said in a statement to reporters, who was behind the blasts did not want to comment on that, "he said.
Oça, "" calm, peace and to ensure that we should trust, "he said.
On August 17 last year, the commercial centre in the capital, Bangkok's Erawan Temple near the Rajprasong in a bomb attack on 20 people were killed, 120 were injured.
"The toxic iğneyle uyuyan Zalim" will be executed
Over the course of decades in the United States for at least 10 who was arrested for the murder he committed "Grim Sleeper" ([Zalim), Lonnie David Franklin, 63, was sentenced to death.
Franklin, a former cleaning worker, cinayetlerinde life bağımlılarını seçiyordu target women and drugs.
Franklin, who tries the prevailing Kathleen Kennedy, told him "You seem monstrous, and so many points in my life I've never seen brutally criminal who executed it," he said.
Franklin's in the history of California is one of the most murders katillerden, the report said.
Deliberately killing 10 people, and one person there was pleased to have been convicted of murder, Franklin's execution would be the toxic iğneyle öğrenildi.
In Macedonia, the measure against the FETÖ "
Macedonian Minister of State Furqan Çako, FETÖ uzantılarının legal direction of the countries in which the truth, and have taken steps to begin investigations, he said.
At the same time the group in Macedonia, in the media and in the world of business activity is a reminder that the Minister Çako, "all that is known to the public," he said.
The Turks, FETÖ schools to get their children are no longer ride.
We now have our people we could yollamamaları call for their children.
"Before, people's misafirperverliğinden and teveccühünden of this structure, is recognised by the public good," he said.
Sky will be the site of meteor yağmurlarına
Araştırmacısı TUBITAK National Observatory and the University of Istanbul in the Department of Astronomy and Space Sciences Professor assistant professor Dr. Hasan Esenoğlu, AA reporter, said in a statement Friday, the Perseid 12 August 13 August), with the Saturday night will be at the highest level, he said.
Thousands of fragments of the impact of the solar ışınları and çekimin "," Swift - tuttle Kuyruklu yıldızdan koparak Perseid yağmurunu Esenoğlu began a line of people, he said, this situation is the natural visual şölene would turn away.
Esenoğlu, Perseid began keşfedildiğini came out in left for the first time, in the 1990s, starting in the early years confirm the retrial in the world, he said.
A Perseid began during the months of July and August yağmurunun voicing izlenebildiğini Esenoğlu, coming from such a visual "uzaydan şöleni seyretmemiz, ilgilenmemiz needs to be," he said.
After all, this is a natural visual şölen.
"Evreni will contribute to better than us," she said.
Soğukken red, white light on the sıcakken saçacaklar
Esenoğlu, began a line of rain were the size of some of the words during mercimek yeryüzüne will fall, he said.
Perseid ısıları santigrata up to 2,000 feet.
Projections for heating and sürtünmeden soğukken rushed to the natural environment in the red, the white light sıcakken, providing light.
The international Göktaşı Organizasyonunun how many internet site began as a bestseller bulunulabilir to contribute to science.
The data are collected from all over the world is the value of information for.
To follow all the night
Yağmurunun began a line of about 60 kilometres per second reminder of a rapidly moving Esenoğlu, gökyüzündeki this visual şölenin places in the northeast to the lights on all night is a good way to the new.
More than 100 people a year, began covering the centrepiece yağmurunun occurred Esenoğlu, began a Perseid yağmurundan later, 4 to 17 December Geminid began as a centrepiece yağmurunun worth the phenomenon, he said.
At least educated, former football player he
This balance bozansa, less educated, the former football player of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's populist, has led to a large extent İslâmcılar devout, an entrepreneur from the Fetullah Gulen's Texas in the city of Tashkent, the more than 1,000 schools, universities and educational institutes which scores of highly educated takipçilerinin ittifakıydı winners.
Call, Foreign Policy reported last week in a loss makaledeki cümlenin.
Erdogan's university degrees, which is the least educated and the former football player; elementary education, Gulen is a broad ufku entrepreneur that describes the Gulen müridlerinin made it clear he produced these and other articles in the Western media often.
I learned that on the other hand, "Why in Turkey, America and / or the West stems go up?," Erdogan said in the article appearing Çünkü... cümlelerle began, trying to explain it.
His opposition to the West in Turkey, Erdogan's era as a situation that nevzuhur analysts think that it is unaware of Turkey as soon as possible.
In fact, according to the statistics, the Erdogan era in the first decade of the decline of Western karşıtlığının in Turkey, where on average, or The as a period.
In the ten years since it is in the European Union and the United States of America also has good relations with the sürmekteydi synchronised manner.
Erdogan's' one minute and, in his criticism of Israel, because of the Assad regime in Syria as a result of the massacres after the civil war broke out in the EU's policy to emerge with a clear koyamaması and refugee crisis in Turkey to leave, some, such as the European Parliament President Schulz, "not" figürlerin Erdogan muhatabımız üstenci attitude as, in the UK, swearing at the opening of the contest to Erdogan, and then the London Mayor, şimdinin Foreign Minister's frustration over an eight edemeyeceğiniz iğrençlikteki lines will run through to win in Turkey, the PKK, which entered the country from Syria 'live grenades are whether our citizens are katlederken, the PKK's Syrian branch, the YPG in Europe, both in the office of both exhibitions açtırılarak yüceltilmesi, US troops who served in Syria YPG armalı uniforms giymeleri, DAEŞ and Brett McGurk, special representative in charge of fighting in the YPG private visits to the location, such as a threat to the YPG to Turkey as the only opposition groups defended the citizens of all the informational and logistical support to the YPG towards, on the other hand, Turkey's struggle with DAEŞ küçümsenmesi and even Mosul, as in the United States support and pressure from the administration of Baghdad and the reduction of the unit sayımızın and similar to many why yields.
Hadi, the result of a bloody coup that we lost 247 insanımızı, so our ally, the EU countries and the United States by the failure of the coup kanıtlanana demokrasimize gelmeyişini no support, Kerry's speech, the first to initiate peace and stability in Turkey, they expect in the building of democracy, and none of the elected government on yapmayışını unuttuk diyelim.
But what about the Charlie Hebdo in Paris, 11 workers were killed in Turkey, including many of the world leaders who participated in the protest march for democracy, but tanklara order 247 people were killed, a month after the coup attempt to Turkey in the past, though, is that any Western allies in the country and how it should be for any head unutulacak?
For the refugee issue from a few times a year başkanların or senior representatives from sending representatives to the lower rates of yollayanların will say what?
All were broken, the daily Hurriyet camı ambassadors from the EU and the United States in the past, regardless of whether they go to visit, Turkey's General Assembly on how to evaluate a solidarity visit bulunmamalarını?
When it comes to the coup in Egypt in the first two weeks, the EU's high representative yollayarak sıkıştığı stays with the leader of the coup, during his visit to Kerry in the aftermath of the coup, democracy is being rebuilt, adding the coup leadership yücelttiği hatırlanırsa, Turkey is no longer imtina direnişinde support for democracy in the Western countries, who at every opportunity they meet Turkey demokrasisinden kaygılandıklarını expressed sincere in Turkey is the lack of a very unnatural?
Hâlbuki 95% of the public as a coup for the Gulen, who lived freely in the United States at the moment, even to allow the Turkish people are outraged.
The above background that the plan is also a eklenirse, I think I was just emerging from the Western / American karşıtlığının açıklanamayacak with Erdogan is a situation is clear.
Furthermore, he is currently darbede effect of the United States is not even he thinks he can...
This means that the polling never teferruat wasn't
The small view of its own people, "he said," Voting teferruattır, voters who like himself as "ignorant" karnını kaşıyan aşağılayan Travel zekalılar, 15 July night and then wonder whether the same telden çalabiliyorlar?
The people of this state and how to have a democracy, and that is where "we are the answer to the question of" yanıldık aramışlar behavior?
But the answer to so many of the questions that need to be found?
Düne, a traitor, who served in various kademelerde until the state's right to use their weapons to them and the officers, a "traitor" to the status of how the moment seemed to enter the asylum istemişlerdir and foreign states.
How we live in a mental çarpıklık environment, and how people were looking takıntıların sapıklık nitelenecek davranışlara then directed as well.
... when it comes to Sulanmış beyinler to initiative
For the participants in this action to Turkey's cities of Syria's cities has a benzetmekten further than the alternative?
Why should an officer of his country's parliament of their own bombs?
With the FETÖ bedduaları sulanmış beyinlerden, waiting in line with that kind of behaviour yanılgıya düşmemeliydik herself said.
On the other are not responsible for everything, but bilelim chief is not only the FETÖ.
In politics, and that hate is also offering kadrolar as a profession, it is necessary to yapmışlardır believers.
"Aydin, who presented themselves as" aymazlar, in every form of the rule, and even the illegal behaviour by audiences inandırmışlardır terbiyesizliğin is natural.
The weapons in the hands of those who hate his own people, this is how the public at verilince açtıklarını at the end we've even seen.
The way to democracy, as we know it to
A very simple thing to say: On the evening of July 15 people in Turkey, the soldiers inside the FETÖ cü tufeylilere, haramilere, sergerdelere has killed 250 kurtarmaktan and democracy too.
But behind the July 15, 1992 to 2002; in 2002 and 2012; in 2012, and there are three of the era, including the post.
The three time when there are prepared three changes: Economic, social, political.
The two major social change created the phenomenon: In the rural areas of migration and the metropole göçerlerin cities around for a very long time to be moved to the centre after being kept.
On Wednesday, I have made clear that it is through the subway.
Metro they geçmeyin, the most important component of social change, I stressed she also.
The second major change in the same doğrultudaki bridges and yollardır.
Modernleşmeye brought about by the road and bridge to more easily understandable.
To income, economic and social structure.
We have a political structure that değiştirmiştir.
This historic duty over the Bosphorus in Istanbul, I found the köprülerle I have.
Demirel, over the Bosphorus Bridge, which have.
This post of peasant movement in the 1950s doruğuydu in the 1960s.
Ozal, the name of the progress in line now as the Martyrs Bridge on July 15 in the second değiştirdiğimiz köprüyle.
Even their road routes çevre- shows the relationship between the central.
That is how it is a sign of social change in the route izlendiğinin.
Demirel and Ozal's maksadı eritmekti large audiences at the centre.
The centre's benimsetmekti its ideology to them.
The third bridge the AK Party has done for many years.
Because the rate of migration of all have been under way.
People have been coming from the satellite cities.
He is a bit of a closed system that has been created in areas.
The AK Party aş people, local governments, business, social status, they will vote for the AK Party.
So it is not at the centre -- actions which erimesi, prompted political bilinçlerini edinmesi and then, in the centre of them was asked to come in.
Prior to the formation of the AK Party urged the ongoing discussions (1992 and 2002) and alakalıydı.
The debate over the conservative, mütedeyyin and taşralı people side by side, not about bütünleşmeleri durmalarındaki kitlelere has pushed through the obligation.
I made it in the wake of the AK Party in 2002 by standing audiences siyasallaştırdı, added to the politics, olgunlaştırdı.
After them, the attention is now baking, 3. The construction of the bridge of the democratic struggle in the 15 July zamanlıdır co.
This means that, the history and sociology örtüşmüştür.
It is a dimension more ekleyeyim: The AK Party's, a move above is not just limited to the Istanbul köprüleriyle.
Nothing is more interesting: The AK Party is now in the surrounding towns, the centre would bütünleştiriyor.
This is being provided through the two bridges.
A, Osmangazi Bridge.
The two, at the bridge of Canakkale 1915.
To add to it.
Turkey, Thrace in Izmir, another güzergahtan will reach now.
Do you know what this deteriorating, Izmir after that, it is no longer a city would be different.
Diyelim that the AK Party, it does not get inside, from the outside, in Izmir, it is no longer in it.
It is no longer the Bursa, Canakkale now, it is no longer the Thracian cities of other human and social coğrafyalara dönüşecektir.
This!!!
On July 15th, this great şehitleri maceranın yıldızlarıdır.
The Fenerbahce, Van Persie and cheerful idman
Fenerbahce, the Grasshoppers in the morning match preparations for a try.
Bartu Facility at the loss of coach Vitor Pereira 10.00 began in the administration of the hours of training, a total of 1 hour 30 minutes.
In the hall, and after 30 minutes of Core antrenmanın players in the field, track and warming of 2 to 5 moves with the ball and the work of bypassing kapma.
Training, in a pair of narrow area in the fortress matches have been completed.
Fenerbahce, preparations will continue to operate a try today in the evening.
Aziz Yildirim, Gulen, who complained that people...
The match against Fenerbahce in the new developments related to the Storm.
In a broadcast on CNN Turk who participated in the programme, and this operation is done by the FETÖ, journalist Hussein Gülerce, "" Sports Fethullah Gulen, a business in the name of Aziz Yildirim's yetiştirmiş words about him, "he said.
On one day, "Yildirim Senin Fethullah Gulen, a member of this side, there is what the job is," he explains.
This individual to the Gulen aktarınca Fethullah Gulen, in his words, Aziz Yildirim.
Why Aziz Yildirim, have?
One of Turkey's most fans, the club's head, this zihniyetteyse arguing that it could harm him.
"In the case of matches to Aziz Yildirim was for."
After this remark in the major leagues in the Trial of Faik Isik, who came from.
Published in Light Habertürk opposite Görüş programme and Aziz Yildirim FETÖ leader Fethullah Gulen, who complained to the people.
Is Faik Isik's remarks:
Aziz Yildirim, Fethullah Gulen Ihsan Kalkavan about something, he says.
From Azerbaijan, and also on special.
Aziz, a Bey esprili adamdır, were one of batıcı cümlelerle also.
It is also maybe a little kanatır batıcı cümleler.
That cümlelere may respond to some of them.
This is a place cümleler.
Havlular, himmetler, so it's as if the pilgrimage by businessmen, such as in the Umre gidermiş oralara go, this is not a job which will be accepted.
These are the work of what he says is a very heavily criticised.
, of course, this is not the only problem.
In the meantime, in the time of a football team.
Galatasaray Club for direct links to some of the football players and managers, and Hakan immune to the...
Muharrem Veteran: The matches is different
Trabzonspor, Muharrem Veteran, has extended the hand of friendship to the Fenerbahce.
The issue of Turkey, it is a matter of all the clubs that have expressed Veteran, "" tarafındayız 79 million and this country, "he said.
A golden sapasağlam sergilemeliyiz.
Fenerbahce's FETÖ and if there is a problem, the injustice was done, I also Fenerbahce's dururum behind it.
"The match between Trabzonspor and Fenerbahce, however, are in question," he said.
Kurbanlık prices announced
Karabulut, said: "The price of a kilogram of live kurbanlık dananın kicked 18 as the lira," he said.
"The price of düve kilogramını 17 lira is still alive, so as a second class of ineğin alive as the price of 15 lira, we have found," he said.
Last year, there will be no victim, noting that the animals are also produced for sale Karabulut, citizens and attention to his victim.
In particular, it should be noted that to hayvanlarda küpesine.
In addition, it is very important to be healthy animals.
For that to be the victims of our citizens, while his aşılarını control animals.
In the facade of the victim is alive and diri, tüylerini over the need to be made.
Also on salya, sümük symptoms is not supposed to like.
Last senelerde animals without the victim was also up for sale, and we were sold.
A kurbanlık, the animals are necessary to fill the age of 2.
Anlayabiliriz dişlerine, saying it is the animals.
In the age of 2, a doldurmuş animals so as a cover story in the mastodon.
But in the age of smaller animals, the mastodon remains unchanged.
Image of the animal can be seen as a major, but could never cover mastodon.
According to the others already in the mastodon cover story is just make a difference, because it is an asset.
To the sea from the Rize Airport
In Turkey, the sea dolgusu and building a second airport will be Rize Airport.
Rize Airport, Sunday, with the town of Yesilkoy Village Girl 266 hectares of land between the Tower office area, kıyıdan 26 to 32 metres from the sea dolgusu will be built on.
Rize airport construction derinliğin too, because the Army - Giresun Airport at about 3 times more kullanılandan dolgu material will be used.
As part of the project, it can take hours to 36 aircraft landing was 45 meters and 3,000 meters long track will be built with the apron capable of it.
In general, the passenger and cargo planes that will serve the Rize Airport in the composition class D, class of türbülans heavy, origin of more than 150,000 kg of weight of the airplanes, which is expected to decide on the service.
The Ministry of Maritime Transport and Communications Investments by the General Directorate for Construction Subcommittee on 8 September in the tender for the project, which will be the first sections of the Rize Airport sea dolgusu, track, the apron capable, taksirut, çevreyolu, police wire Örgüsü, mendirek, Pat sites and environmental lighting things.
These things will cost 600 million liraya.
Following the work of infrastructure spending of 150 million lira in the terminal buildings, covering the upper structure of the work will be done.
Construction of the Rize Airport 2 years, 9 months to complete.
8 Motorine mismanaged by
Fuel distribution companies, this is valid, to midnight, with an average of 8 motorinin litresine mismanaged.
Oil Products employers' Union (PÜİS), 13 August 2016, starting motorinin litresinde mismanaged there will be price rise by an average of 8.
Under it, a litre in Ankara, which is the average price of the lira 3,68 motorinin 3,76 liraya operations.
The average price of Motorinin in Istanbul 3,63 liradan 3.71 liraya, averages in Izmir 3,66 liradan 3,74 liraya will emerge.
The distribution companies to set prices, due to the competition and reported in the smaller companies and cities, according to change gösterebiliyor.
Fuel distribution companies, last week on Friday to an increase in the price of a litre motorinin 4 mismanaged.
The case of Gulen's sohbetindeki Galatasaraylı players
The Turkish football was marked by a period of Galatasaraylı and national players, in 1996, the leader Fetullah Gulen's FETÖ sohbetinde works.
In 1996, was said to have been in Fetullah Gulen's sohbetini among the players to Hakan Ünsal, Mert Korkmaz, Okan buruk, Arif Erdem, Ismail Demiriz, Ugur Tütüneker and Yusuf Tepekule clearly is certain.
The sohbette Gulen, Galatasaray, speaking of "4 goals we have won," said.
The former imam of the FETÖ football Said Alpsoy, known as the newspaper in the morning in the last days, "Turkey is the third edition of the World in 2002 have been distributed to contributions might mean when it comes to the team," he said.
Emre, Okan, Hakan immune, Hakan Ünsal and Arif primlerden collected the money.
The collected money $250,000, or $500,000.
This money to the Pensilvanya Arif Erdem.
"The Gulen Arif, who was later methiyeler düzdü".
The national football players joined Gulen's sohbetine!!!
Emel Dereli bids farewell to Rio,
Rio 2016 Olympic Games athletics branşında, Turkey in the women's national athletes who represented in the gülle Emel Dereli, elemeleri did.
In the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro's Olympic stadium at the athletics match, women take gülle elemeleri ended.
The third edition of the latest European Emel Dereli, about the first 17,01, 16,86 meters on the second, third failed attempts at the shooting range.
ISU the 11th, a total of 24 years in the area of the national athletes, the Olympics kalamayarak.
's view of both the player and the Peak!!!
Volleyball Sultanlar League division club Galatasaray Daikin, team captain Nihan Güneyligil extended his contract, with both the player and the sporting menajer reached an agreement as well.
In a statement issued from the yellow-kırmızılı, 34, with both the player and the sporting menajer as saying the contract was signed, "the successes of a volleyball career, as well as at least as important as the career of a character, the owner's team captain Nihan Güneyligil dileriz deeply success in his new post as," the report said.
It was the first 1. The league experience living in the Bursaspor formasıyla Nihan, then 75, respectively. The year, Besiktas, Fenerbahce formalarını Vakıfbank Sun Insurance and the Court.
Nihan Güneyligil last season, Turkish Volleyball Federation (TVF) 2016 TBVL Fair Play and Turkey, organised by the National Olympic Committee of Turkey, was awarded the Fair Play awards.
Volleyball Efeler League ekiplerinden Galatasaray HDI Insurance's national athlete of Can Ayvazoğlu, at the same time, the new season team, will serve as sporting menajer.
In a statement issued from the yellow-kırmızılı, Can for 2016 and 2017 season with both the player as well as a sporting menajer has already said, "it's found at all levels, as well as her career sporculuk, owner of a major character in the dear Can Ayvazoğlu dileriz success in the new job," it said.
The final work of the Chinese table tennis!!!
Rio 2016 Olympic Games table tennis men's singles, won the gold medal in the Chinese Long Ma.
Brazil's Rio de Janeiro at the Riocentro in table tennis match, in men's singles, the medals have been handed out.
He defeated compatriot Zhang Jike, Ma, who is 4-0, the gold medal.
Zhang's silver medals in men's singles, yetindiği, in the bronze medal match Belaruslu Vladimir Samsonov of 4-1 victory over Yun Mizutani of Japan took the bronze medal.
Won the first medal in the history of Fiji
In the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro in the men's match at the stadium, in the Deodoro yedili ragbi in Great Britain and Fiji.
Rival 43-7 win over Fiji, achieved a gold medal.
Great Britain took the bronze medal with silver yetindiği categories, Japan's 54 and 14 to beat South Africa.
The crucial match at the Olympics Cüneyt Cakir's
The FIFA kokartlı hakemlerimizden Cüneyt Cakir Brazil's 2016 Olympics will be in Brazil vs Colombia match düdük will perform.
Cüneyt Cakir's yardımcılıklarını Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun will take.
The fourth of the game will be the French referee, Clement Turpin.
In the city of Sao Paulo's Corinthians Arena, the game will start at 22.00 local time.
In the elite category of the UEFA Referees Cüneyt Cakir, in the finals of the tournament for the ninth time in the international career is involved.
In Istanbul, police and control of 5,000!!!
Istanbul's Yeditepe Huzur "," as part of the practice of law enforcement, with the participation of 39 provinces in 5,000 police, backed by helicopters, surveillance is being done.
The Istanbul Police Chief Mustafa Caliskan, Dr koordinesinde across the city in the evening, the security, the fight against drug crime, the fight against financial crime, the fight against terrorism, the fight against trafficking and organised crime, special operations, riot and traffic as it is the teams, including a large number of police.
The General Information scan for suspicious individuals (GBT) controls the denetimlerde wanted individuals, weapons, a knife, the focus is on the suspects were carrying drugs.
In the coastal strip, which is also supported the implementation of policemen in the sea.
Kadıköy Söğütlüçeşme metrobüs station as he leaves is ongoing, as well as those in the GBT sorgulamalarının valizleri al bags and was in control.
Traffic was also done to implement the controls, support for police helicopters in the air.
As it will take until the late hours öğrenildi.
Social media coup propagandasına arrest!!!
According to information obtained, Isparta Cyber Security Directorate Suçlarla Directorate for Combating the branch teams, Gokhan archer's social media FETÖ's coup attempt to spread his and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to insulting began work on the knowledge.
The review concluded FETÖ Gokhan archer of the plotters of the coup attempt, and praised the coup karşıtlarına and President Erdogan to setting out there who insult paylaşımlarda teams, düzenlendikleri detained suspects in the operation.
Computer transactions are then transferred archer drive cars, have been arrested.
Kaymakam, deputy governor of that city, and has been taken into custody
Following the coup attempt of FETÖ, the Interior Ministry said the administration expelled Uşak removed as part of the investigation, Deputy Governor Halil Ibrahim Hakki Başhan Ertekin and Karahallı Kaymakamı, the evening ekiplerince in police custody.
Ertekin Başhan with the suspects, who were taken to an emergency.
Robert Amsterdam, a very dramatic statements about the FETÖ!
Fetullahçı Terror Organisation (FETÖ) as the international legal investigating the illegal activities of Amsterdam & Partners, a law firm's official Robert Amsterdam, the US magazine Forbes, who also penned an article, and how the FETÖ of shared information that is organised.
FETÖ leader Fetullah Gulen's Pensilvanya malikanesinden organization based in Amsterdam, who is managing the Gulen's "in the United States is about 150 contract (charter) school when it comes to how closely the işlettiğine hidden under the organisation's room for advanced developed organisational mobility would be perceived that is pretty clear," he said.
Amsterdam, seven months ago by the Turkish companies and schools linked to Gulen araştırmakla deployed aktararak, so far, bulduklarının stressed that it was "shocking" to.
Amsterdam, wrote in the article is views included:
İfşacıların according to us, Albanians now goes to the Gulen organization has a strict hiyerarşiye.
These instructions are generally in the Poconos with Gulen's meetings iletiliyor face to face.
The seven people have to talk to the management of the group (the group).
The group's instructions to the advisory committee.
Instructions imamlarına, respectively, from the region, the country's imamlarına, imamlarına region within the country, the city imamlarına, prefectures imamlarına within the region, the neighbourhood imamlarına, student houses imamlarına (home), and the light goes to the students.
The businessmen, bürokratlar and officers, according to the positions within the organisation and the desteklerine trying different levels.
The organisation's place in the world, prompted by the 55,000 jobs, one of the most extensive in the United States have contracted the school network, Amsterdam, American mükelleflerinin paid taxes of $millions each year, it has been reported that the schools.
Amsterdam, this is a major part of the repurchase of its own, including the members of the organisation are being driven and contracting companies that were "elected," he wrote.
Amsterdam, said it is in the functioning of the örneklerle:
The Magnolia schools in California, with links to Gulen and shared the same office for years of service, the company kontratı, was captured while the $700,000.
Amsterdam, but also as another example of the Dove Science Academy in Oklahoma in the death.
Amsterdam, this school is also the property owner are paying an extra $3.1 million, the owner of the property, and the school is also denetimlerde governments from the company show the same from people with links to Gulen had been identified, he said.
Who is the biggest place of Gulen ağındaki 46 şubeli Harmony schools in Amsterdam, there are similar situations that are the focus of attention, the smaller companies that have been linked to the FETÖ software licenses, the provisions, such as the purchase of curriculum money was paid off.
Amsterdam, is rich with each other within the FETÖ, "This is my examples, American taxpayers' abuse of about 28 million according to show that it is being used," he said.
"And this is a part of the seemingly bulduklarımızın so far," he said.
So far, this is something to prevent such events as prescribed by pointing to Amsterdam, the last time a special situation deteriorated even further, all of these are at the Texas Education Agency has begun to investigate düzensizlikleri recalled.
Amsterdam, the schools on the surface of normal functioning, many employees will be what kind of corruption that have no information that there is.
Amsterdam, "but in fact, these schools Gulen is working for a snow machine," he said.
"The huge amount of money later on Gulen, in an effort to conceal their activities unlawful use for political donations," the assessment said.
This is a former teacher who worked in schools that the American paramilitary, Gulen's schools in separate meetings with some of the employees, a certain portion of their salaries into the organisation had only from Amsterdam, "the Turkish Armed Forces, members of the Gulen similar işleyişte is believed to have worked," he said.
Coup kışkırtıcıları güçlendiriyordu its positions over the years.
"On the surface, however, a parallel military force in the normal way işlerken solicited power behind the stage," she wrote.
Amsterdam, he finished with makalesini said:
Kafasında policymakers in the United States on July 15 and 16, and there is interest in the aftermath of the events in question, and that is something which is expected.
However, the two allies have focused on the diplomatic level, while the individual state makamlarındakilerin Gulen's operations in the United States laws need to be summarily uyanmaları was violated.
The 22 members of the judiciary in Istanbul, on the run!!!
The judges and the Supreme Council of Prosecutors (HSYK) suspended on 10 August 2016 and face by the Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office expects Fethullahçı Terror launched an investigation for alleged members of the 648 judges and the prosecutor who served in Istanbul, where 22 of the planned öğrenildi.
By the Public Prosecutor's Office expects to Istanbul on 11 August 2016 HSYK 648 suspended by the judge and the prosecutor who served in Istanbul, 67 out of detention and search were given about the decision.
By the prosecutor's office searched the homes and workplaces, 45 members to judicial custody.
It found that 22 people not adreslerinde mensbunun öğrenildi is planned by the judiciary.
The members of the judiciary, it decided to capture about öğrenildi.
The detained suspects -- 18 of the 45 savcılıktaki demanding arrests following the testimony of Peace Criminal Hakimliği transferred to it.
The 22 judges and prosecutors adreslerinde not found in the search continues.
In Konya, 11 people were taken into custody!!!
As part of the investigation, the decision about the detention of persons unrelated to work towards.
This Ereğli Municipality tasked with 4 officers and Special Merve Şahika School teacher who works at 1 and 6 employees were taken into custody.
Ereğli State Hospital health checks passed by the suspects, who were taken to the Police Directorate of Ereğli.
In Diyarbakir were lifted the ban to stand in the street!!!
Precinct were called in a statement, Lice, Silvan and Kulp, in the mountains and forests in the north, which operate on the ground, including senior leaders in the organisation assessed by terrorists and business birlikçilerinin disabled, they used the shelter, shelter materials and warehouse space for the identification and arrest of the operation was carried out.
Silvan's Dolaplıdere and mountaineers, Lice, Çıralı, Kıyıköy, Dallıca, Türeli and Kutlu, moored in the Kulp, al-Qamishli, Çukurca, Bayırköy, Temren and Taşköprü villages to stand in the street, reportedly said that the end of the ban, that is:
People's lives in areas in which the executive board of the operation and ensuring the safety of goods, and the City Council Resolution 5442 Administration pursuant to the provisions of the Code, which, in an effort to undermine the control of civilian citizens to 05.00 hours, 9 August) decision to ban the announced starting from today, the hours of 16.00, starting kaldırılmıştır.
That, to ensure the safety of life and the ban on uydukları was to thank for it.
A passenger bus in Üsküdar toppled!!!
According to the Coast Guard on its way to the harem, a bus company owned by Yilmaz E. (34 of 37) run by the ZP 5568 plates out of control due to the dearth of passenger bus and were toppled.
Tip at the scene, police, health and fire crews have been transferred.
The passengers of the subsidiary otobüsteki vehicles as a result of the work of firefighters.
One was injured 3 passenger ambulansla Haydarpaşa sample Training and Research Hospital, was removed.
Road closures due to the crash, after the lifting of the state of the damaged vehicle was driving.
With the Chiefs in NATO, was arrested from the Colonel FETÖ!
Izmir Fetullahçı Terror Organisation / Parallel State Under (FETÖ / PDY), which is about to catch up with the decision for the operation and detained in Ankara, NATO Command Centre for Combating Terörizmle excellence with the Chiefs, Colonel Ozkan, Caglayan have been arrested.
Izmir Republican Başsavcıvekili Okan Bato, "FETÖ / PDY, the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) for the" in the second leg of the investigation conducted by the decision to catch on as part of the queen's Caglayan, detained and in Ankara, Izmir.
The Izmir Police Directorate for Combating Organised Suçlarla transactions then passed health checks at Caglayan, drive cars have been transferred.
Following the testimony of the prosecutor's office, "a member of a terrorist group," and "on behalf of the organisation to demonstrate to the court on charges of" nurse Caglayan, have been arrested.
Cavusoglu, Zekeriya Self statement
Cavusoglu, Zekeriya orphans of the True and Fair in Georgia, was asked about the claims, "at this moment, this information is not correct," he said.
But it's different ihbarlar.
They all of them.
, we are in close contact with Georgian officials.
"Any detail, information, tips as they are assessed," he said.
It showed that the olabileceklerine in Georgia on the question of whether the Cavusoglu said, "Zekeriya Self earlier fled to Georgia," he said.
The customs at kameralarda identified.
Where to go back to Europe, there is the knowledge.
The information came to us all, not just for the two of these, other information on every kaçanlarla inceliyoruz, we also follow.
Where kaçarlarsa kaçsınlar traces of the "he said.
With his Iranian counterpart, Jawad Zarif asked about calls made, Cavusoglu said, "has been assessed bilateral issues," he said.
Turkey, Iran, there is a lot of the issues.
The political, trade, transport, energy, our struggle [partner in the fight against terrorism.
There are also regional issues.
Particularly in Syria, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, the Gulf Region.
We live coğrafyadaki on the solution to the problems of Turkey and Iran could play a key role.
Both the fikiriz on several issues,.
Syria's territorial integrity, border integrity and Syria's DAEŞ clearing and other terrorist organisations, such as the inclusive government will be a lot of issues of both the fikiriz.
There were different fikirlerimiz on Assad.
Them, but, as always, we will continue to talk to them.
The ceasefire, Geneva talks on issues of both the fikiriz.
In fact, the consensus on the issue so much as a result of a failure as long as there is no meaning.
"The important thing to get the result," he said.
Cavusoglu, the Turkish planes whenever he would engage in operations in Syria asked for, "This matter Heyetimiz went to Moscow," he said.
"The purpose of these mechanisms kurmamızın there, especially in dealing with the DAEŞ atılır what steps, and in any event, in a way to prevent the accident needs to be co-ordinated," he added.
Asked for the purchase of gas with Iran, Cavusoglu said, "the two brotherly countries of Iran and Turkey," he said.
Tahkimler needs to do, we have our own yapabilelim agreement on this issue.
There was a bit of sitem.
These agreements also heading Tahkime yapabilmeliyiz.
"A reduction in gas prices was on our requests," he said.
For the extradition of Gulen, who arrived in America from history question about Cavusoglu, 22, "a delegation from America's future," he said.
On August 23 and 24, will be held meetings.
The Justice Bakanlığımız dosyayı.
It would be ready to file it would not be until after the visits from the United States comes next.
"And we, along with the Minister of Justice, mızla went to Washington, and we're going to have to hand over the files We both," he said.
Senior PKK, was captured in Istanbul!!!
The PKK as a terrorist organisation, a senior administrator, held in Istanbul, was captured in a successful operation.
The Istanbul Security Directorate, a senior member of the organisation, and the award of 300,000 lira per seized in the 'grey list Cigerhun Associate in the rival code named in Istanbul.
The Istanbul branch in the Directorate of Counter Terrorism is the result of the operation was carried out by a team of Bağcılar they got caught in a rival Associate, Vatan's police yerleşkesine fend for Counter Terrorism Directorate, was questioned at the branch.
On July 9th, as it is known, such as the key figure in the terrorist group's Bahoz Erdal, Tel of an organised by the brigades in Syria, was killed as a result of the assassination.
Iranian Foreign Minister Ghazi in the parliament!!!
Cavusoglu, with his counterpart Zarif arrived in the Turkish Parliament.
Cavusoglu, and Zarif Holü of Honour before he examined the damage, then the times the Prime Minister's Office, reviewed the damage.
Zarif said after his visit.
It took to the streets of the Turkish people, the Turkish people and the will of the people is above all the forces that once again has proven otherwise.
The coup attempt by the Islamic Republic of Iran from the first hours kınamıştır attempt a coup, the Turkish people and government in the same way, and always has been, always been like that.
Today is the Grand National Assembly of Turkey is still unresolved amongst the Turkish people, and we are a sembolüdür alongside the Turkish democracy.
The family of 13 people, was caught fleeing botla
Müsellim neck task of patrolling the coast guard crews who, in the morning and install bot on the Greek island of Lesbos Island in to the sea to escape the operation in the group of illegal immigrants.
The ID belirlemesinde 13 fugitives are from the same family has been set.
The chairman of the family Seydo, Ali Ahmed, his wife and 11 children, and the other in Germany, alongside his son had to leave it, he said.
The organisers before the $700 and Greece, and then they want to go to Germany, said Seydo, Ali Ahmed, the city of Iraq's Yezidi Şengal, made by the soldiers because they are IŞİD öldürülmekten korkup kaçtıklarını to Turkey, he said.
In Iraq, there is a family of companies owned by them, and in German, English, Spanish, Arabic and French said, adding that he knew that the number of illegal immigrants to the region, IŞİD's break with the arrival of the work they do, the only wishes to go alongside his son in Germany, he said.
Held Faytonu bride car
The couple, who have a wedding merasimi, traditional wedding konvoylarından convoy a different, a lot of attention.
The pair of them make up the horse, as the bride's car, a faytonu.
About 10 players from the team behind the horse drove up the wedding convoy couple, citizens' attention.
Keşan convoy that round of the city centre, and later went to the home of his wedding.
Husband bomber was
According to information obtained, 41, Mehmet Ali's wife, Kadriye Y. Y., about 9 months ago due to severe discord blocks along with the child left the house.
The Mehmet Ali Y., yesterday evening, including his own, and she said, 'such as nails and maytap cisimler, backed by the improvised bomb, where his wife's Ulus in the owners of the house.
There was a period of time, shouting threats savuran Mehmet Ali Y. after a bomb mazgala firmly who was the front of the house.
The blast followed by residents of the surrounding great fear and panic, while she is in the device, and a lot of nails in the parts of the house camına hit damage.
Mehmet Ali Y. who fled after the incident in the owners of the black at the Yavuzselim kıyafetli çantalı dolaşmasından şüphelenen and backpack as police searched for the citizens.
Yildirim, who followed him in the County Police Directorate of Research Bureau teams view of Mehmet Ali Y., began to flee.
He Ayna Sokağı entered the house as a focus.
The news of children when the police laid siege to the home of the long namlulu weapons.
Kaçamayacağını who surrendered to face charges.
Mehmet Ali Y., the bag with the bomb disposal expert was called in.
Çantadan çakmak gas, toys, maytap, recording, tornavida, makas and materials such as nails.
Mehmet Ali Y. when taken to police headquarters, the incident initiate inquiry is under way.
Kampanyasını launched the Red Crescent Eid Donors
In accordance with the purpose of Eid Vekâletle Kesim Campaign organiser Red Crescent, the "Festival of this year's holiday hayırseverlere bereketi sesleniyor as a year," slogan.
Dr. Kerem Kınık, the leader of the Red Crescent, "kesilerek konservelere are in line with the trust in his goal," he said.
"The victim etleri healthy throughout the year is delivered in a way that owners of need," he added.
The donation fee for victims of Red Crescent, 740 lira at home and abroad as a 475 lira said.
The Red Crescent compound and held in the ninth edition of the traditional Eid Vekâletle Kesim Campaign continues this year.
The need for our country in the World, and that only the owners of the Red Crescent, again thanks to the campaign, in accordance with the purpose of hundreds of thousands of mazlumun sofrasına konservelenen broken off and the meat to set up.
Kurban Bayrami who donated to his campaign to the press, the leader of the Red Crescent Dr. Kerem Kınık, Eid Bayramının fertility and neşesinin conflicts all over the world are launching a campaign to "Festival and offered etleri, hygienic konservelere are in a way," he said.
"This is the victim etleri throughout the year, thanks to a healthy tüketilebilecek needed by the owners," he added.
According to the Islamic usullere DVD gönderimi donors and the Red Crescent, the Red Crescent Model "Festival shows Benevolence, thanks to the" Eid ibadetlerini, in line with the purpose and objective, easily able to do it.
This is thanks to the modern model özenle elected kurbanlıklar, Meat, and last year was elected by the Institution of veterinarians say they institution's modern kombinalarında according to the owners of the names of the Islamic usullere vekâlet okunarak, Eid's face in the first three days.
Regions, which will be held in accordance with the requirements of the Islamic religious workers, veterinarians collected and notaries, also will be ready.
The proceeds to the victim etlerinden kavurma, can manufacturer has become the 800-gram cans boxes to fend for themselves.
Kavurma konserveleri through the Red Crescent branches will be distributed to the owners need throughout the year.
The victim, the Red Crescent, every vekâlet owner along with a certificate of thanks to a kavurma konservesi boxes and send a DVD detailing the process.
30 vekaletle victims in the country, part of the good of the Red Crescent has no borders, Eid etleri this year, as every year, is also financing the poor around the world.
Founded nearly 30 victims of this year will be in the country, said Dr. Kınık, 7 in the Balkans, Africa, 11, South Asia and the Kafkaslarda 5 and 4, in the Middle East, the event will be held in the country, he said.
Kınık, illegal activities abroad this year compared to last year, a 50 per cent increase in the number of öngördüklerini, "vekaletini will give in to the Turkish Red Crescent, the fees for our citizens, 740 lira at home, abroad, was set at 475 lira," he said.
In Turkey, the Meat Corporation, and the last 5 kombinada hedefledik they belong to.
Parts of it, in Turkey and abroad by fulfilling the necessary conditions for the Islamic, Religious's proposed usullerle gerçekleştiriyoruz.
"The victim to determine whether they can manufacturer etlerini 18 months needy sofralarına dreams," he said.
7 / 24 168 Again Centre Donors Eid ibadetlerinin owners of real need for members of the public who want to reach huzurunu; Red Crescent donation accounts at banks, the branches of the Turkish Red Crescent, the Red Crescent Post Çeki answer for PTT branches, 168 free call centre and will be able to use the internet talking www.kizilay.org.tr vekâletlerini.
The opportunities for payment by credit card via the vekâlet, which will carry out the owners, could also be paid imkânından.
Vekaletlerini who want to give to the Red Crescent, the Red Crescent, except for our citizens abroad via the internet page using the donation menüsünü online payment will be able to do it.
In addition to the top 30 0090 312 square calls Red Crescent called the free consultation and a grant from the international credit card and acting can pay for it.
Our citizens, Ziraat banks in Germany with the account number in the Red Crescent has been brokering the victim can pay for it.
The groom the horrors were in Konya
The incident, today Kadınhanı District in the past, the owners of the attraction in the Osmancık.
Allegedly, a week before the respective divorce case that Hussein Ayhan, who was his father's house to talk to his wife, Fatma Aka's went alongside.
After a period of time that began discussing evdekilerle Hussein Aka, brought his wife, Fatma tabancayla Ayhan, her mother and father Haci Ibrahim Aka paradise Aka's has opened fire on it.
By Ayhan Kanlar in Fatima and her father Haci Ibrahim Aka, an incident occurred on the ground, while his mother was wounded in heavy paradise Aka Kadınhanı State Hospital for what was removed.
Gendarmes, who fled the car after the incident, the capture of Hussein, began to work for it.
Ayhan, Hussein, the removal of a jail sentence, where öğrenildi.
By Ayhan couple of 13 and 10 years old as of 1 per cent of girls two children.
At the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge, crash
According to the scene, in the direction of Ankara to attain Highway Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge at 14.00 hours in lines at the site of the explosion.
Abdullah Şanver's run of 34 PK 060 plates kamyonet, 16 VK 077 çarptı truck on the back of plates.
Abdullah Şanver accident, the driver at the scene of the sıkıştı.
The view of the scene of the incident at the tip of firefighters, police and medical teams have been transferred.
Fire crews arrived at the scene of the Şanver sıkıştığı regardless of the intensive effort to save. "
During the work of a team of fire burning canı Şanver feryat over in pain.
Regardless of the result of the intensive work sıkıştığı Şanver evacuated, and he moved with sedye ambulansa Okmeydanı Training and Research Hospital, where he was brought to it.
Road closures due to the crash, traffic intensity.
With the removal of the vehicles to attain traffic also normalised.
"The two children by çarptığı kirlenmesin" she takes the seat bagajda
The crash, the previous day, the road to the Siverek Kahta Narince occurred around the village.
Mehmet K. swerved the car plates with 34 KS 6809 Mustafa O. (14) uses the bicycle çarpıştı.
As a result of combat with the cyclist, who was Mustafa Huseyin O. O. (13) were seriously wounded.
The car driver, who was wounded in the children, from the car koltuklar kirlenmesin bagajına, Narince village's Emergency Health İstasyonuna.
Two of the injured children was transferred to the State Hospital ambulances to Kahta.
A Huseyin O. is fighting for his life in intensive care.
The children of the çarptığı koltukları kirlenmesin she takes bagajda
By Mustafa O. exception, "" gidecektik visit with friends, "he said.
We have Eşyalarımız.
His visit to the village of Karadut Üzeyir Peygamber trafo çarptı us near the car.
The impact of Çarpmanın ayağım were broken.
The driver must first take arkadaşımı bagaja took.
And then I also take my car bagajına placed alongside.
Bagaja with my elim baggage door, among others.
I also bağırdım.
Sesimi atçı baggage door after hearing the driver again.
I have my hand düzeltim.
Baggage kapısın Narince village took us to close again.
"And then on to ambulances to us Kahta lifted in the State Hospital," he said.
Prior to the first family of the injured children, they did not complain about the driver, when they had children bagajda.
The injured boy dedesi Mustafa O. "I was a fan in Kahta when it comes to accidents," he said.
A phone call to me, and I have that yeğenimin crash.
Immediately Kahta I went to the State Hospital.
Before yeğenimi Theatre.
About 15 minutes later, torunumu Theatre.
Gerger Commander of the police station.
Misin complain about so much rakia said in a statement.
I also believe that the crash would be everywhere.
I'm not complain about I asked:
Then go to the car and the main yeğenime torunuma baktım.
There is a lot of blood Bagajda.
Later, we learned that the children of both cars after the çarptıktan yaralıyı bagajına and brings it to the hospital.
My yeğenimi altta torunumu bagaja costing in the base.
"I was in the guys bagaja koymamışım.
But the car back koltukları tertemiz.
"There can be no such thing," he said.
Narince Village resident Mehmet Kaya "accusations in the main driver, yaralıları brought here," he said.
-- the children of the car bagajından.
"The lack of even the hayvana who needed to do," he said.
Yaralının uncle Osman O., hit the children of the citizens, "that is, how a human?"
It may be the crash, people in the accident ölebilir.
But you have to keep the car to the hospital very yaralıları bagajında vahşice event.
We are takipçisiyiz by the end of this job.
This is one of the children pençeleşiyor fatalities.
The others are in serious condition.
Narince from Kahta bagajında yaralıları to the car.
Of Allah belasını versin.
Such that the wild one.
Our ciğerimiz raging.
We who have waited, and that they will continue to search every job.
"The person we want to be punished in a way that the most severe," he said.
The island has built
Famous architect Richart Sowa spent the last eight years of her life include many by building an ecological paradise.
Using plastic bottles of 150,000 when it was built in this area of life has its own yetebilen, two years ago, the former model tanıştığı on Facebook along with Jodi Bowlin, who lives on.
Richart's island of domestic air filled plastic şişelerden, wood paletlerden and kumdan expanded.
The two-story house; 2 banyo, a jakuzi, 3 shower, a kitchen and there is a wireless Internet connection.
Around the island, palm trees, mangrovlar, fruit trees, yenilir by other plants, herbs.
A 30 metre kordonla tied to the shore of the island, with the help of this sealed off electricity to the water and produces its own internetini.
Sowa, "Vejetaryenim and yenilebilir yetiştiriyorum with lots of vegetables on the island," he said.
In order to achieve the other substance -- I have to go to nearby small marketlere.
"My plastic şişelerden, again, there is also a salım 8 people," he said.
Galaxy Note 7 were leaving for more powerful model for sale!
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7, 6GB Ram, and the 128GB model hafızalı officially endorsed in the past day.
Earlier this month, the new Samsung smart phone at the top level of the Galaxy Note 7.
Indeed, features, the Galaxy Note 7, in fact, was expected to 6GB Ram and 4GB Ram, however, as tanıtılmıştı.
The first preliminary order rakamlarıyla surpassing expectations Galaxy Note 7 in the apparently expected 6GB Ram model will be available in the US.
The last day in the South Korean capital, at a press event in Seoul, Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-Jin, 6GB Ram and 128GB hafızalı Galaxy Note 7 officially announced that they plan to present the model on the market.
In other news, The Korea Herald's reports, the Galaxy Note 7 in this 6GB Ram and 128GB hafızalı model is only the first phase includes will be exclusive to China.
This particular model has been put up for sale in other regions, the planlanmıyor for now.
The new Yamaha Tracer 700 new routes!!!
On a trip to the candidate and the unutulmayacak anılar Tracer 700 and whether it's close to the environment at the weekend, do it now embark on short, whether from long kıtalar çıkın round....
For the motorbike driver is one of the most challenging conditions for the entire length of the roads to a toll on the new Yamaha Tracer 700, design and technical sense mükemmele, while users emotional and sezgisel driving experience of a long road to full yaşatan means...
Discovering another world, new and unforgettable anılar save and has been held in every area in order to reach virajda motosiklete focuses attention throughout Europe.
It opened its doors to the free world aralamak, ufuklarını who want to expand, and the increasing number of motorbike enthusiasts said the Sport Tourer is in accordance with the series of expensive, accessible and exciting to models.
Of dependence on the new Yamaha Tracer 700, is a highly successful MT-07 platform has been developed.
By strengthening its existing Sport Tourer series and developed by reviving the model, the new generation of biker tutkunlarının also faces with intense interest.
Bold and original design and a lot of impressive features in the new Tracer 700, a superior tutuşu, hafifliği, the structure of the fast and fun, comfortable driving the arbitrary and the design and functionality buluşturarak Sport Tourer class image to a higher level.
The Sport Tourer segmentinde Central weights and a miraculous performance that provides the standard specifics involved Tracer 700, this segmentin continues to great success.
Sports on line, long distance performance, dynamic and interesting with the appearance of the new Tracer 700, the Sport Tourer category is launching an exciting new era.
Versatile Tracer 700, rich in tork engine and agile şasisiyle ready to overcome any situation.
This new sporting medium weights biker, şasi and süspansiyonda said in a special with the addition of the real potential of making touring bike will exposing a large number of features.
Fuel tasarruflu, 689cc, along with a pair of silindirli motorla high capacity 17 litres of fuel depot, the Tracer 700 gas stations can come a long distance between perception.
The new Tracer 700 kompakt and light şasisi, is highly rated MT-07 platform was developed.
This minimalist design, agile and quick to respond to the driving fast, thanks to the characteristic.
The weight of the leader of the class to 196 kg ıslak, every sürücüyü heyecanlandırmaya ready to speak.
Moreover, with the addition of a variety of the original Yamaha aksesuarlarının a serious long distance touring motosikletine dönüştürülebiliyor.
To make the design more attractive color options, the Radical Red, Tech Black, Yamaha Blue....
The return of the biker tutkunlarının market which provides exciting in this new model, users means more and more.
As of the end of August and will be offered for sale in Turkey with the new Tracer 700 or the Mediterranean, the Black Sea to the mountains do not virajlı, whether in Europe or in Africa's adventure and full of adrenalin; on the new heyecanlar.
Hakan immune to 200 million, and his father's assets have been seized
The Public Prosecutor's Office expects the Sakarya, FETÖ Hakan immune, as part of the investigation, and his father, a builder in the Sakarya Selmet immune to a decision about his detention.
In the United States with Hakan immune, which is owned by his father, Selmet immune to earthquakes and is based in Istanbul, was held in the search.
Selmet was nowhere to be found, despite the immune to the consumers.
Police said Selmet, immune to the earthquakes, who was at the Sakarya Street Salko Friday prayer at the mosque, had moved on to the tips.
The mosque where the teams waited Friday prayer ceremony.
Namazın bitmesinin Selmet then lifted his hands up when the immune to the policemen.
Who was about to catch up with the decision Selmet konularak immune to the police vehicle was taken to the Security Directorate.
Gokhan aracıyla accosted is immune to the team following his father's car was given to the Police Directorate's.
The Public Prosecutor's Office expects the Sakarya, Hakan Selmet immune and his father's, immune to the FETÖ financial support as well.
Nurse who examined the prosecution's application to the Criminal Peace Hakimliği, Hakan immune and his father's, immune to the Selmet taşınmazlarına, land transportation means, bank accounts or other financial institutions, real or legal entities alike that it would receive all the rights and the other documents found in precious uhdelerinde, şirketlerdeki partnership in the contract he mevcutlarına and values of other assets, but decided the seizure.
The court's decision in the land department, as police and tax authorities were notified of the during the day.
Hakan Selmet immune and immune to the father of the first of the study because they are rich in real estate property has been set.
Hakan immune, and his father's Sakarya, Antalya, Bodrum, Istanbul, Bakırköy, Besiktas, Büyükçekmece, apartments, earthquakes and the Sapanca's buildings, as it is in the Kandıra sites have been identified.
Selmet immune, in the town of Sakarya in Serdivan luxurious villas on 10 acres of land has been commissioned.
Hakan's, immune to the earthquakes in the city centre, the Ministry of Finance Board of Tax Control Group of Sakarya (FETÖ by tax inspectors to shut down by the investigation in a dershanesinin has been set.
Hakan and his father Selmet immune to the value of all the assets, estimated at about 200 million lira.
The fugitive was arrested in the police chief Zaho
Batman with the 3rd class County Police Inspectorate of Police Chief Ahmet Duran not the FETÖ of the coup have been suspended as part of the investigation.
The queen's decision is not about to catch up with the chief, it has been set.
The study found that the District Police Directorate ekiplerince not in Zaho had fled to the city of Iraq, have been identified.
Not, two of the country's security forces, were arrested during a joint operation.
Not to Turkey, Batman, who was also detained.
Not, emniyetteki procedures and then drive cars was transferred.
In the security forces not to join the terrorist organisation PKK camps in northern Iraq, he had no doubts.
To the children of this alışkanlığına
Dental assistant at the Faculty of Medicine, Dr. Bilgin Giray, the first of their children for the expanded çiğneme emmeyi needed refleks rahatladıklarını with that, "he said.
In outlining the reasons for his fingerprints emme alışkanlığının technical assistant professor Dr. Giray, the "fingerprints emme, age 3 and 4, starting with little, seen as an event," he said.
Most of the babies başparmaklarını emer.
The edge in order to satisfy the need for Bebekliğinde emme emen children's parents after the age of 1 to 1.5 memesi özlemini emer for relaxation and to the edge.
"Canı sıkılıp itself oyalamak, uykusu when, as it is separated from the tedirgin fingerprints from time to time and anneden emme davranışında can offer," he said.
Emme seen Advanced their fingerprints on the basis of the behaviour of parents and children in the relationship of trust and greater sense of journalist çocukta undeveloped enough lies in the fact that the assistant professor Dr. Bilgin Giray, the effects of the dental health of this behaviour is.
Fingerprints emme shaping the behaviour of the child's dental structure shows have a negative effect.
As a result of that emerged during the emme basınçlar üstteki itilirken that they are, they are also in the bottom left, the Belgrade Faculty.
It also leads to lower konumlanmasına on behind them, would the balance of damak and dental structure.
It is a reflection of the physiological speech bozukluğu and kapanışının aesthetic point of view it would be in the form of a bad guy.
If there is no solution to the permanent dişlerin early, when he began to appear at the age of 6 and 7, were treated to a much more complex process, noting that yaşanabileceğine assistant professor Dr. Giray, the completion of the development of the "çocuklarımızı çene koruyabiliriz eklem closing and problems," he said.
"For this reason that the children of today's hearing, and the nature of the controls, such as the need to be kept in check," he said.
Treatment of close to the new soluk: Trifokal Lensler
After the treatment of cataract patients to use the glasses as a natural framework.
Hastalarımızdaki to solve this problem is very focused on the long been magnets mercekler already kullanılmaktadır.
The point to be used during periods of recent trifokal mercekler in this area, with the success of the treatment is a step further götürmüştür.
The other difference is only Trifokal lenslerin merceklerden or close the distance is not far away, in what has been described as a milestone in the distances, a clear view sağlayabilme özelliğidir.
Away from the near distance to see or in the occasional treat defects
Bozukluklarında to see a break in the distance, we use everyday hayatımızda quite often they represent a point.
As an example of the cars indicator panels, kucağımızda tuttuğumuz mobile computers or in 60 and 70 cm in the arm, and the occasional mesafelerdir tanımladığımız distance as well.
Trifokal lenslerin hastalarımızın thanks to correct the occasional mesafeleri is also close to or away from it in any way duymazlar needs to use the glasses.
Another advantage provided by the Trifokal merceklerin is azaltmasıdır complaints in the night.
Eye Hastalıkları Uzmanı assistant professor Dr. Volkan Hürmeriç "each distance view trifokal commenting on the lens for the treatment of cataract treatment at a normal," there is no difference.
Trifokal treatment which we practiced thus -- neither for 7 to 10 minutes of there could well be a procedure the health of the eye.
And the next day -- neither for the normal lives could return.
In particular, using the car, the more the use of computers, and who like a more active life is to improve the quality of life for people who are of a operasyondur.
In addition, the age of 18 doldurmuş uygulanabilen this procedure each of the patients, but also for you to learn whether it is in accordance with the expert başvurabilirsiniz eye diseases.
Varisli vascular heart ameliyatında kullanılmaz!!!
Varis, with increasing frequency in recent years, is quite hastalıktır.
Genetics is the primary factor yakınlığın variste; long working hours, standing for a long time to have to sit for a long time, jobs and lead to greater varis şikâyetlerinin.
Excursions damarlar heart surgeries?
There are Varisim, heart attack geçirirsem what? Questions such as is often cited by people in the know.
Why cevapları these questions.
There are two types of toplardamar Bacakta system:
Contaminated blood 1.Bacakta akciğerlere propeller and bacağın based on the main road just dirty kanını, there is deep toplardamar system.
These are the deep femoral ven and yüzeyel femoral ven name as well.
This rare toplardamarlardaki problems are more visible, and these vascular kapatılamaz hastalıklarında damarların interactions of pharmaceutical treatments to stay open.
Contaminated blood Bacakta akciğerlere propeller and kasıkta deep toplardamar system, which merged with a subsidiary is just superficial toplardamar system.
In this system, two large and two small safen ven just toplardamarlardan oluşur.
Also in four of these damarların yetmezlik and varis gelişebilir.
Toplardamarlar that can be used in heart surgeries, large safen ven toplardamarlardır against superficial.
That there is no damage to an absence of damarların vücuda and that is why kullanılabilirler heart surgeries.
However, for the heart of this damarların ameliyatında kullanılabilmeleri damarların need to be healthy.
Because the heart, a body whose staffing is very important.
Varisli damarların ameliyatla lazerle should be released on the ground or in the burning of the burden of business in the deep toplardamarların azaltır and bacağın ensures to be more healthy.
Based on a false belief among the public, though varisli damarların kullanılabileceğidir as a reserve.
Varisli vascular heart surgeries kullanılmaz never and will never be!!!
There are other damarlar heart surgeries that can be used.
Spare vascular systems that can be used for heart ameliyatında; under the breast kafesinin, midenin handed around, and there is clear.
So, to use for the heart attack varisli damarı bekletmek without merit and worry about it.
Dr. Rengin Türkgüler Radiology Uzmanı
Prior to benefit from the Super Cup has meaningful message
Galatasaray Sports Club President Dursun benefit game between Galatasaray and Besiktas Super Cup has issued a statement prior to the Final.
Here is the Turkish futbolundaki Dursun Uzbeki unity and beraberliğe notes that comments:
The Turkish sports personalities, two established and two pet club, Galatasaray and Besiktas, 13 August Saturday evening, Konya Metropolitan Torku Arena will face each other for the Super Cup has.
In this game, two eminent kulübümüzün leaving behind a asrı rekabetindeki is neither the first nor the last game.
But the timing is a very vital match as well.
As we all know, in our country, on the night of July 15th, a big badire Colic.
Who demokrasimize kast Fetullahçı yapılanması Terror Organisation / Parallel State (FETÖ / PDY) attempted a coup, all segments of society, thanks to the unity and beraberliği atlatıldı.
As a nation that night, we always paid taxes up heavy.
Holy Martyrs we have.
There are a large number of gazimiz.
The price of this painful erdemini democracy to us once again, this is not a clarification lands stressed the importance of the fact that the prevailing and wrongdoings.
Representatives of the Turkish sports personalities that night, in one voice, as the only yürek opposed the coup; together, side by side with democracy.
This critical days, unifying the sport -- we need more than ever before.
Precious rakibimizin precious President Suleyman Seba's 2nd anniversary passed away, and the captain of the myth kulübümüzün Turgay Şeren the name of the new football season just before the game from the Turkish sporunda love and peace comes to start the match.
Galatasaray and Besiktas fans will be in front of a half paylaşacağı tribünler regardless of what made the score at the end of the game, so the winner of our country, and I'm sure the Turkish sport temenni.
An appointment - Sports Reporting Derbide 339.
Sports Toto Super League and the Ziraat Turkish Cup şampiyonunu Turkcell Super Cup has a football match against Besiktas and Galatasaray, 20.45 hour tomorrow in Konya in this season, will compete for the biggest.
Besiktas and Galatasaray 92 years of bitter rivalry and the final dostlukta 338 times so far.
This fix won the yellow-kırmızılılar 120 times, while black and beyazlılar defeated rival, 107 times.
111 match each other, opponents have failed to come to.
The goal of the 477 games Galatasaray, Besiktas 444 goals.
On July 30, 2006's Commerzbank Arena, the first of which began in the Super Cup macerasının began between Besiktas and Galatasaray.
In the 60th minute when black and beyazlılar Mert Nobre's museum with its goals in the cup.
The 10 years of the history of the Super Cup has senesinde oynanmadı trophy in 2011.
Most of the remaining 9 senede Galatasaray played with 6 times in the final.
Fix the yellow-kırmızılılar, 4 times in the Super Cup has cited the success of the move to the museum.
Besiktas, who played the final 3 times 1 times in the cup.
"The Eagle is in crisis," Cicek - Sports Reporting
Coach Senol Gunes's, one of the help of antrenörlerinden Seref Cicek idmana or öğrenildi announced yesterday.
Leadership succession in the incident, which he took to him that the wage increase beğenmediği and thus costing idmana did not respond.
The administration, to intervene to Senol Gunes's stance is waiting.
Mario Gomez's dreams destroyed!!!
Fiorentina sporting Director Pataleo Corvino, the scorer Mario Gomez and Khouma Babacar statements about it.
Corvino, "Gomez, and Babacar bonservissiz göndermeyeceğiz," he said.
We will try to achieve the revenue.
The two players with at least 15 million euros from the sale of aim.
"However, this will not be easy," he said.
Rihanna on the popular film
Hollywood's most important film serilerinden Ocean has's popular with spectators will face again.
The new series halkasında Barbadoslu staff world famous singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling and Helena Bohnam Carter attended by to be announced in the coming days and he konuşulurken, Sandra Bullock and Kate Blanchett's case, it would be in the movie.
Beginning at 2 months after filming at various locations
The film, the Ocean has's Eleven's stone of women's players featured in October is scheduled to begin in New York.
The previous films in the series produced by Steven Sodenbergh while we, the director of the film, being his writing, along with Olivia Milch will Gary Ross.
As the UK that the Scot Callum Skinner flies home
Great Britain Team trio from London in 2012, the Scottish title while Callum Skinner, Rio race course to victory in the men's race last night.
Glasgowlu, the 23 year old racer, the Scottish Sör Chris Hoy took on the task of leading it, and this young, who appreciate the New Zealand giysisi returned home with victory in this efsaneyi gururlandırdı.
Hoy, who took five of the six Olympic altınından event four years ago, it was a shock victory in the UK.
And Hoy, who retired in March, but he was held in London, finishing sixth in the race for the World Championships reiterated it.
The problem is that the Beijing and London, expert starting player Jamie Staff's değiştirilmesiydi.
Hindes do it exactly as it was.
Hoy, in their career, and Matt Crampton, Kian Emadi, who is trying to fill the vacuum.
Now the Scot, who previously had and disqualified himself as the potential of Skinner's vazgeçmemişti British coaches.
Four years ago, the defending champion, Hoy, with Hindes, Kenny and Skinner kırmış ranking round of the Olympic record in the first round, although New Zealand has set this record again.
And, they say, düelloya for the gold.
Hindes, a little bit of their own round behind us, but Kenny's team has brought forth, and it has weathered the Skinner.
Hindes itself slow down Kenny, using a larger vehicle, and in particular, Skinner's transformation is that if it is a big part of this strategy değişikliğiydi.
Hoy, the BBC as an expert commentator, followed by all over them and the podium çıktıklarında Skinner, Kenny and Hindes looking in the nets.
Glasgowlu, Skinner, 23, said: "This is a comparison to honour," he said.
Just try my best to do the job, and I'm here to announce that step.
In the final Olympic record in hyperinflation and yendik champions of the world.
This is really inanılmazdı.
It, there can be no better way to achieving it.
Hindes, London 2012, Kenny and Hoy and his victory after the bad start after winning pistte admitted to deliberately dropped.
Later, in response to this interpretation, and the UK's competitors did not have a way to make a request.
This time around, for an incredible victory did not have such a problem.
Hindes said: "All the Stanttaki, together with the flags of Great Britain in London, it's as if gibiydik."
Founded just three months ago, a takımız.
We have lost a lot of the race in the world, this is why the revival of the Olympics is an incredible feeling to have, really.
This is both the Beijing and London in seven of the 10 winners of the race for a nation just one event, a medal.
This ölçütüyse show progress in the past five months, the race will be a successful course for five more days are ahead of us.
Kenny's position that it is the only one that Hoy's record of winning three gold Olimpiyatta yinelenmesi dream is not impossible.
This is Hoy from 12 years of age and younger, who was also born in 23 March (at the same time, Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister, who was also on the day of the birth of the British sporting history is a sacred history), Kenny's six gold medals and one silver medal will mean to them.
This is the same level with the Hoy.
Kenny, after that will be sprint race; the race is due to begin today, and for the last three days.
Boltonlu, 28, said: "For the time being, it's just enjoying çıkarıyorum.
The team events are always in the best of events.
Kazanabiliyorsun down with it.
To be honest, the only people going to feel the victory alone.
Hindes said: "Two more wins the gold medal in the title of knight him must end," he said.
It is not only a medal in this event, though there are a lot of good news for the UK.
Sör Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy is, Steven Burke and bring Doull four erkekli, four of the team completed the race for first place in the ranks as well.
Rink 3: 51.943 completed quickly.
The gold medal at the London 2012 has set the world record of 3: 51.659.
In the first round of voting, and the final (22: 42) will be determined in the second part of today's and Wiggins's final will draw all the attention.
Yesterday the ranking officials ahead of the tour to gauge boyunu görevlilerle called him in a row.
Will continue tomorrow, and the women's event, which is due to be completed by Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald, from Milngavie, 4: 13.260 rekoruna reached for the world.
Great Britain Team, the Olympic Games, in the medium term to take the reins, and to win a lot of medals, is counting on the strong cycling team.
The Beijing and London's big lead after screening, the expectations are pretty in Rio have been curtailed.
The background, the head coach Shane Sutton's cinsiyetçilik and extortion charges in April resignation and Hoy and Victoria Pendleton will be retired as key figures that includes a lot of bad development.
Pistteki races, however, show that the first night of the Great Britain's epic about the credibility of the perfect time -- kanıtlanabilecek again this time around.
The cancellation of the energy project and the future of the Portland izabe ocağının
Victoria's Portland aluminium izabe ocağının future and the work of hundreds of workers, all of the energy company, which provides the energy supply contracts in a way that will lead to the cancellation of one of the owners of a supply contract has dropped by uncertainty following the announcement.
The move earlier this year, Victoria's government continues to work at the facility's adherence to the subsidies to following the decision.
20 years of the farmers at a fixed term lease expires in November.
Alcoa's Portland facilities up to 2000, the business could be at risk.
For any action against the closure, until 2000, directly or indirectly, access could be at risk.
And izabe ocağı Victoria's entire electricity to about 10 per cent of the additional knock on effects for drew oluşabilir.
In 2014, the Alcoa Point Henry izabe ocağını closed Anglesea last year, and this has led to the closure of the power plant.
Alcoa's Portland izabe facility is losing money and facing the risk of closure.
These developments, according to the strengthening of the Australian initially and shortly before the facility fee based on consumption for the future of the facility for a few years after it was in the speculation.
Large aluminum izabe ocağına Latrobe Valley, Loy Yang A power plant that provides energy, AGL, the owner of the other three, he expects the move to feshetme contracts, he said.
A large majority of the facility, Alcoa and Alumina's joint venture owned and China's CITIC, Japan's Marubeni Corp, also has a smaller companies applying for it.
"AGL, Portland is likely to continue to work at the plant; this is the physical izabe ocağının means that electricity demand will continue," he said.
AGL, contracts, starting in November 2016, "that needs to be enacted to harmonise contracts is at risk," he said.
The contracts are for a period of 12 months fesih tamamlanacaklar in 2017.
The energy company, said, "This is why, AGL, contracts in fiscal year 2017, and will continue to contribute to wait," he said.
AGL's Fiscal Year 2018 and could face a potential profit on the after effects in the current case, wholesale electricity prices are in a strong position to take, and a limited term contract.
AGL, the "due to" the expected feshin hesaplarındaki contracts worth up to $187 million, have already fallen meat to testify.
Alcoa, the sonlandırılmasına contracts that the decision "Alcoa's izabe ocağını business or izabe ocağına does not affect the ability to supply electricity," he said.
US company in 2010, has signed a contract for 20 years; this year, the contract that was supposed to take effect in November, has not yet, however, have not revealed why this contract çekilmediğini.
Analysts, as well as both the Portland in Victoria izabe ocağının and the Tomago plant near Newcastle, due to the economic woes in the sector to be vigilant against the possibility of closure.
At the beginning of this week, analysts note that responded to AGL's operations chief, Stephen Mikkels, Portland's each year, about 600 megawatts, the Tomago, 900 megawatts of energy use. "
Both of these facilities have been removed from the market if the [electricity] market demand will be largely due to the significant.
As a producer, and that it would not be a good development for us, "he said.
Kardashian is not only the star of the TV programme; Kendall, the number of Vogue's September kapağında
The model mother and manager Kris Jenner, Kardashian and Kendall Jenner, the daughter of the fourth group (20), the US Vogue's September kapağında, the number of which is expected to look forward to.
As a brand ambassador for Estee Lauder, and Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks showing the ability to Kendall, it was announced that Instagram hesabından on Thursday.
"I like Kendall, a room full of people I would like this kapağa ağladım," he wrote.
Following the announcement of Kapağın, all of the Kardashian and Jenner family (Rob barda troublemakers and Caitlyn and everyone's most beloved show business amca, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) strange (or just Keeping Up with the Kardashians programme is unique), senaryolu tape aired a reality; his brothers video girl kapağını unutan family later said in a classic final 1877: In fact, a surprise party hazırlıyorlardı.
It was almost all of the children's television programmes, "" birthday "in every part of the story line, although klişe (Seacrest to 8 in the morning, a cartoon tavşanı sincerity and" You are unuttuğumuzu sandın? "Said Kris), in a way that other girls in this promotion, including etmeliydi.
Vogue's September of this development as well as the start of a new era of Kardashian that precise.
Kendall's her Kim, Vogue kapağına may be passed on to him in April 2014 (kapağı wife, Kanye West and paylaşıyordu) magazine, however, was a success to the major September kapağı.
The number of Vogue's September), the number of selling most of the year.
A very fashion-run magazine coffee desk book andıran 3m of the number with the attention of many reklamcının (Fashionista, last year's 832 pages of advertising content of 615 cildin identified there).
Cover stars' will be closely watched in a process; in the past two years, the magazine pictures sızdırılıyor ahead of an official announcement.
The women who took part in the earlier kapakta include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
For the past several years, "a very famous models kapakta" who was "modellik ünlülere."
Dior ambassador for Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence kapakta was listed in 2013, the next year, the honour, Lady Gaga's bahşedildi.
But the emerging generation by the magazine, described as a "model" Mrs Jenner's, even if they should be in the previous categories, it could be argued that it is a very good circle.
These celebrities, famous people are relative or in reality show stars who know how to attract good Snapchat tape or the young people of today (but not all) of the Jenner.
All of them are legitimate, the talent, the entertainment industry by the women.
Kapağında in the last year, Beyonce, Lemonade's exit, and had one of his best zamanlarından.
Of course, not everyone is not happy with the Jenner's success.
Because of the history of the reality show, Jenner's position in the fashion world will always be disturbing.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour, Jenner and his colleague, Gigi Hadid, who has criticised them, "the time of the name" şıllıkları.
Jenner's Vogue's kapağına that reports that there will be evidence that the think tank have resurfaced again.
However, to focus on the memnuniyetsizliğe seems to be unfounded.
Kendall Jenner, the number of Vogue's September kapağında.
He literally is a super model.
He is Marc Jacobs's defilelerine.
Estee Lauder fondöten aldırıyor you.
He, along with the brothers and sisters you pay is related to sells its own photos of the walled.
By published photos of Cindy Crawford's daughter, sells photos of Love magazine.
And in times of empty, perhaps, only to see his brother Kourtney and their children on TV reality şovda.
The social legal support centres each year, 160.000 people anywhere
The industry is larger than the already in operations that are having trouble getting financing kesintisinin prepares for the impact of the nation's the most respondents from 160.000, more people social legal support centres are rejected.
Queensland's three out of five people (mostly the elderly, migrants, who workers, victims of violence, and the unfair evictions will compete with those decisions, and yet a source of free legal advice and representation), as are rejected.
Have the social opportunities for legal support services, is set to cut more.
Starting in June of next year, these legal support centres to below 30 per cent of the federal financing, more are scheduled to be left without it.
Social Legal Support centres Queensland Director James Farrel, president of the National Union of Civil Legal Assistance Centres in the last Elections Count Report çevrildiğinin back each year, thousands of people have been identified.
Mr. Farrel, the decision by the federal government to return to the situation, if not much more kötüleşeceğini, he said.
He is "Queensland's social legal support centres in a chronic lack of financial support as well as thousands of people in the vital services needed ulaşamaması mean that," he said.
Violent relations, the administration has been in power and the people who depend on fighting forces, the families that are in the process of secession and the workers laid off in a way that is not fair... all of the legal aspects of their faces problems, and that they need assistance, according to the report.
The federal government, starting in June 2017 funding at the rate of 30 per cent cut in the protection of thousands of Queensland residents more complex legal problems to be left without help.
People have to face a legal challenge fights is needed in order to receive the support of Minister of Justice and the Queensland Senator George Brandis, who immediately and we urge to take back the funding cuts.
Last year, the government, the legal support to the national average level of financing to act on its promise to someday.
It is no longer the social and legal support to the communities they serve, and the Palaszczuk government investment in this important work will be valid.
Staff in the wake of the alleged arms led appearance on Donald Trump's campaign team was the case
New York: Appearance on Donald Trump's campaign team, North Carolina operations direktörünün gezerken jeeps in February with a total staff of arms çektiğinin after it failed to take any action was due to the fact that there is no prosecution of the case.
This is the campaign in the province on Wednesday, the former software trainer Vincent Bordini ekibindeki by county court in the trial.
Bordini, ilgilenilmesini expects the situation inside for several months later, however, that will not make a difference, "" he said.
As şikayetinde Bordini's, it's, "by Philip Earl has a gun, and pointed to the right of the edge tetiğe namluyu Vincent's knee kapağına was on the right," he said.
According to şikayete, Bordini, local and regional leaders of the campaign team after being filed for at least four more people learned about the experience of living with Phillip.
Bordini şikayetinde Weapons, "there is no need to give ateşlenmesine damage," he said.
The case, the Republican candidate in North Carolina, "the second of the Constitutional amendment to the crowd" (gun owners and supporters of the arms when his opponent in a way) and the election of Hillary Clinton's own yargıçlarını, saying if they could choose to anger into action two days after it opened.
Trump's campaign team, considering the media outside the context of those words, and that he does not support violence, he said.
Bordini, with a complaint about the campaign team due to the neglect of surveillance and attack, because of the damage the moral darp and Phillip is seeking compensation from them.
Trump's spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, the message to comment quickly and did not return.
Efforts to reach out to Phillip's failed.
A local news in Charlotte, a subsidiary WCCB, Phillip's shortly before he left the campaign reported.
His consulting firm Innovative Consulting Services, said in a call to a quick return.
The Republican presidential candidates appearance on Donald Trump is conducting a campaign of the conflict.
Bordini, Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 14300 16 and CS and case, the General Court of Justice, the Supreme Court Şubesi, Mecklenburg crash (Charlotte).
"" FETÖ cüyü tip line of meat. "
President Erdogan's "for everyone in the FETÖ cüler intelligence bilemeyebilir, police bilemeyebilir, following a call for baking tips" FETÖ, MIT and Police cü tip line.
After the July 15 coup attempt in the institutions of thousands of FETÖ cü atılırken saklayan "hidden cemaatçiler itself but also for the identification of" the new practice is being launched.
As part of the work of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in dealing with the FETÖ emphasised the importance of some of its citizens, "he has served as a community could be your friends, but I was baking I made them," he said.
Savcılıklara bildirmeniz].
This is a patriotic borcudur.
"All the intelligence bilemeyebilir, police bilemeyebilir or yetişemeyebilir look at guys are leaving," he said.
As part of the work of the Interior Ministry, the General Directorate of Police and the National Intelligence Organization (MIT) has been introduced by online tips.
According to this, citizens are those who have served in the FETÖ around it, about the activities of the organisation, which is owned by the organisation due to the implementation of these institutions, the police and the MIT iletebilecek.
Www.egm.gov.tr / pages / tips, www.mit.gov.tr / katkiniz formla tips submitted via the convenience of the service of those who will be part of the information will be reserved.
The police report submitted by the General Directorate for implementation of those documents also ekleyebilecek.
In practice, however, if the same ihbarcının will return to him.
Citizens, "" 155 Police İmdat provide phone line, as they do in their cities and counties in the Republican prosecutors' offices will be able to do in this bilgilendirmeleri.
From Bodrum esinlenip, for example, in the village of Sivas, held in the
SİVAS's Gölova District's Canköy, Kaymakamlık, in collaboration with the business tycoon and philanthropist in the village were held as an example.
The roads asfaltlanıp, kaldırımlarına are planted in the village, all the houses in the town of Mugla's Bodrum modelled renklere painted blue and white.
Gölova Kaymakamlığı, ilçeye villages connected with her, and to raise the quality of life of the village project as an example.
As an example of this village, 12 km from the city centre, was elected Canköy 66 digit.
Infrastructure and services to üstyapı asfaltlanarak ways of tightening of the village, and is the centrepiece of the kaldırımları are.
The village has a diverse color tonlarına homes, the owner of a business tycoon Pelit Pastaneleri Selahattin Ayan's painted with the support.
The whole of the village of white and blue renklerle görüntüsüne following a freshly painted buildings.
Bodrum as an example it
Information about the work of Christ Gölova Kaymakamı Erkan Erat, a role model for other villages will be open for a study suggesting that this project, "he said." The more modern look, and all of them is that they were part of a single color projemizin. "
We began this project as an example of a place called alacağımız.
To Bodrum gittiğimizde houses painted white and blue pencereli we have with her.
We are beyazın cleanup and people due to the positive impact on the Bodrum we wanted to take as an example.
Canköy in our work, all the houses of white and blue renklere boyattık.
This work was in collaboration with the state and philanthropist.
The project cost about 200,000 liraya.
In work in Sivas Canköy ümüz was a small, such as Bodrum.
We are, and we do our work in this kind of business we want to continue with the support of as much as well.
Abdullah Canköy Mayor Macit, 66, is a brand new village with the support of Kaymakamlığın görüntüye kavuştuğunu, he said.
Macit, set an example for the people of the village to be themselves, and are very pleased with the village, adding that emeği thanks to everyone at last.
The drug bust in Kangal
SİVAS's Kangal gendarmerie teams during a drug dealers in the town of 7,000 people were taken into custody.
Çetinkaya Beldesi İlçeye depends on who was working at the gendarmerie teams with the help of narcotics dedektör köpeklerinin they found 600 grams of marijuana, the drug hap, 49, 1 hunting rifles and a pistol ala 1 dry hard.
For the seized featured 7 people were detained, face criminal charges is under way.
Adana, in the case of FETÖ / PDY 4 people, along with Gulen goods have been seized
Adana Fethullahçı Terror Organisation / Parallel State yapılanması (FETÖ / PDY) for alleged corruption in public works and a profit of 2 of the Serious Crimes Court, Fethullah Gulen, who was indicted and escaped, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, but it was decided that the seizure of all of them.
Adana Police Directorate on 15 May in a ihbarla in 2015, in 2012, Acting Metropolitan Mayor Zihni Aldırmaz and the administration's corruption and falsification of public works plan, close to the Gulen community, known as the Magnificent of land owned by the University of parliamentary decision turned the housing area, though, the amount of the flock that will reach 150 million liraya rant pays.
As a result of an investigation launched after the İhbar Zihni Aldırmaz, Ferat Yuksel, he explained, Hasan Long and Adana Chamber of former President Muammar Caliskan Stock Exchange have been arrested.
Fethullah Gulen and former acting mayor of Adana Metropolitan Zihni Aldırmaz including a 5 per cent of the detainee on 17 charges ranging from 5 to 35 years in prison on the Serious Crimes Court lawsuit.
All the defendants pleaded not guilty in the case but has offered in the past, all criminal defendants celsesinde tutukla yasağıyla out of control and abroad have been evacuated.
VARLIKLARINA have been seized goods
The delegation, led by Fethullah Gulen, a key witness in the case, along with the fugitive, Omar Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu, about to catch up with the decision to arrest.
He, however, and escaped out the illegal transactions by the court for the 4 defendants decided it could not be done.
A delegation from the court, the case against them failed to ensure the safety of foreigners who was to remain in the country, and for this reason to have him falling Fethullah Gulen of fugitive situation, Omer Ekinci, Kemal Elibal and Cemal Soncu's Criminal Procedure Law (CMK) 278 / 1 clause requires koyulması decided all of the seizure.
The court's decision, along with the fugitive in Turkey, where they owned property, land and sea and air transport vehicles, will receive all the rights, and the precious documents, the company will partner with the contract he mevcutları and bank accounts frozen.
Arrested Arslan, a member of the MLKP caught türbanla
In the province's food to avoid losing lokantanın back window while police caught ekiplerince, a member of a terrorist group, MLKP Serpil Arslan, Adana sorgusunun has been following in the tribunal's have been arrested.
Arslan Tanınmamak wearing headscarves, chanting went to drive cars.
Adana Security Directorate on Counterterrorism and Intelligence branch directorates depend on the teams, on charges of membership of a terrorist organisation, 3, who was about to catch up with the separate decision, Serpil Arslan's, is set in the province.
The last contact with the Police Directorate in the province of Adana police, Serpil Arslan's ordered to arrest.
Acting on instructions province police, wearing headscarves for tanınmamak Serpil Arslan's lokantada meal yediğini identified.
The teams enter lokantaya, Arslan, who came to the notice of police, the back door -- yönelip asked to flee.
Out of the back door, Serpil Arslan, a province branch of the Police Directorate to attain ekiplerince was caught.
Adana Security Directorate at sorgusunun Serpil Arslan was transferred after the drive cars.
For the control of health Forensic Medicine Unit, Serpil Arslan, the motto was asked to throw.
Arslan's if they are women, the police tried to prevent anyone to slogan.
Arslan treasure, drive cars, was arrested and sent to jail.
In Antalya, 12 of the 24 people in custody, the judge and the prosecutor
FETÖ / PDY in Antalya, 12 as part of the investigation, including the judge and the prosecutor, 24 people were taken into custody.
The Antalya Police Directorate for Combating Trafficking and Organised Suçlarla Şubesi teams, a decision by the detention of 15, 12 of the judge and the prosecutor.
The other 3 judges and the prosecutor's efforts to arrest is under way.
Among the detained Akseki Saryoglu Public Prosecutor Hasan Sahin.
Kumluca District as part of the investigation, the decision to catch up with about 12 of the 24 people were taken into custody.
The suspects were detained by the business tycoon and the FETÖ closed schools serving teachers.
As part of the investigation, the other for the arrest of 12 people to work.
In Erzurum, was arrested, the nephew of Gulen
In Erzurum was detained by police Fethullahçı Terror Organisation (FETÖ) leader, Fetullah Gulen, a nephew of Abdullah Korucuk have been arrested.
The Directorate of Counter Terrorism branch of the police teams during a sting operation on 9 August coup attempt was detained as part of the investigation, Fethullah Gulen, a nephew of Abdullah Korucuk after the completion of the testimony was transferred yesterday evening drive cars.
Fethullah Gulen's sister and her son to a private foreign language school owner, Abdullah Korucuk, savcılıktaki sorgusunun followed by a request for the arrest of Peace with Hakimliği was transferred to the penal code.
The court, Abdullah Korucuk, a member of a terrorist organization in the FETÖ arrested on charges, and sent it to the jail.
The police killed 1, 2, were killed in PKK rebels
Clashes in Nusaybin: 1 police killed, 2 killed in PKK rebels
MARDİN's patrol duty in the town of Nusaybin, a police vehicle was opened by the PKK terrorists ateşte 1 police officer dead.
2 in the shootout killed in PKK rebels have been seized.
Owners of The Creation of Selahattin Eyyübi on May 27th Street in the barracks, which is close to the task of patrolling the Camisi, a police vehicle today at 7: 00am by the PKK terrorists opened fire.
In the attack, which would be 1 police officer dead.
The scene of the incident to the police teams environment kuşatarak blocked out the PKK terrorists.
2 in the shootout with terrorists have been killed along with the.
The security forces in the region, is under way.
A police were killed in Nusaybin
In the town of Nusaybin, Mardin, who was tasked with patrolling police vehicle was opened by the PKK 'ateşte 1 police officer dead.
The PKK rebels were killed in the shootout 2.
In the town of Nusaybin, Mardin is not banned Selahattini Eyyübi mahallesinin 27 May at the barracks, which is on a road near the mosque, a police vehicle patrol duty today in the morning at 7: 00am was organised by the PKK attacks.
The PKK, which established the street, including pusu 'yaylım while police patrol cars on fire.
Would be the first ateşte 1 police officer, who, with a large number of special operations at the scene, police said.
The barracks of the security forces sealed off the mosque and break down and the shootout between the PKK '2, along with the PKK.
Continuing the operation in the region.
Orphans of the fair's father was released from the criminal kontrolle
In the FETÖ terrorist organisation of the Air Force's Adil orphans of the imam's Akyazı Sakarya seated District doctors -- Xhevat Yildirim, a father and his wife should control the judiciary is free.
Following the coup attempt, who was captured at the Air Force Base Akıncı Yrd. Dr. Adil orphans in the courthouse a free transfer, while exploration continues.
Just before they went into hiding karışmadan orphans, the most recent of Sakarya Akyazı District seated alongside father Xhevat Yildirim's losses have been identified.
Fair's "orphans," said Sir 49 plates of 34 cars kayınpederinin garajında were found in his home.
As part of the investigation, Yildirim Xhevat Yildirim and his wife should have been taken into custody yesterday.
Yildirim Xhevat Yildirim and his wife should drive cars have been transferred.
The night ended in court, the legal requirement to check Xhevat Yildirim and his wife should Yildirim is free.
Sitting on the control of the asset fund reconstruction
Among the world's largest funds, which are expected to keep silent over the objections of Turkey Presence Fund sedasız was removed from the law require it.
The Fund's lacks the machinery of control due to the fact that it was decided that the discussion again without any changes, however, are discussed.
The AKP's Presence in Turkey, has been brought in to offer sozcu.com.tr Fund for the CHP Member of Parliament and the Plan and Budget Commissioner, writes Utku Cakirozer, owned by "Kamuya varlıklardan, emekçinin, who will be recruited zorunluk pension cuts, the unemployed, the unemployment fund will be collected for this structure, the control mechanisms we stabilise is definitely out," he said.
The government's investments and projects in the long term in order to fund the offer by the Fund for the Presence in Turkey, the opposition should also be discussed on Tuesday (shoulders was removed from the law require it.
The AKP, however, is the same as it is today, the offer Plan and Budget Commission has brought back.
Turkish Plan and Budget Commission's journey, a member of the Member of Parliament from the CHP, writes Utku Cakirozer, Presence Fund for the CHP's concern about the bid, and spoke to the concerns of sozcu.com.tr.
Cakirozer said, "This is the establishment of the fund's Plan and Budget Commission require when it comes within the draft legislation, the CHP, which at the beginning of the team's former Finance Bakanımız Zekeriya Temizel, expressed concern and endişelerimizi, require that it be submitted for detailed in the law as the proposed offer," he said.
The government to accept that view, also pulled out of the bill.
The bill will be the same as it was yesterday, the commission.
"The government has to do it within a week, based on no," he said.
Asset Fund code should be a compromise on the break Cakirozer said, "our law, this is the largest teklifindeki endişemiz kuralsızlık."
"Owned the assets, emekçinin, who will be recruited zorunluk pension cuts, the unemployment fund for the unemployed will consist of collected revenues, revenues from the privatisation, apart from the control of the Parliament and the Council of a structure and no kuralsızca devrediliyor without responsibility," she said.
It was established that such funds from Russia, China and the Gulf states' oil revenues and business fazlalıkları this way and that the fund financed Cakirozer said, "but we have, there is the savings gap."
Therefore, the fund will consist of public sources, meaning that the public parasından.
The unemployment fund, a total of 100 billion, making it the individual employee zorunla 100 billion pension fund, is scheduled to undergo privatisation of 50 billion of the money.
"That is completely in this fund will consist of public money, but the public ones, and the irresponsible harcanmaması need this money," he said.
As the state's resources, borçlanmasında assets owned by the state, which is a guarantee fund outside the control of the House, is unacceptable, "stressing that the tutulmasının Cakirozer, Presence Fund code is related to the bid and said their concerns.
The presence of such a large public gathering, that would be better spent on the public in the name of the business and transactions related to the borçlanılmasına, only denetimiyle geçiştirilemez independent audit firms.
It should also be one of public control and transparent, it needs to be a structure.
The law governing the Presence Fund's control of the institutions, and there is no provisions on transparency.
How not to limit a aktarılacağı on funding.
No one will be held to account for how this fund kullanıldığıyla soramayacak.
The goal is for the financing of major projects, as well.
Aside from the budget for it, where there is no need to establish a fund.
Why the budget includes almıyorsunuz?
This makes the feasibility of natural response, "Why SAyıştaş and control of Parliament kaçılıyor? 'Is the question," he said.
In the accumulation of wealth Fund, they are not against the aktarılmasına investment money, but it's not transparent, the account is that they are opposed to it, adding that the mechanisms Cakirozer said. "There is a need for such a funds can do," he said.
But if the government is not a ısrarcıysa at that time, it was established that such investment funds, as well as in other countries, in Turkey, the current international standards, we must ensure that apply.
Will control and accountability mechanism in a way that yapılandırılmalı are met.
There will be no impact on şaibelerin, used his own money to account for their citizens to sonr kuruşuna needs to be set up in a way that will answer for it.
The offer from the Fund for the asset, as it is firmly against the commission stressed that their Cakirozer, "AKP's, especially in the wake of the July 15 coup attempt to listen to criticism in parliament we are pleased with that," he said.
It is also offering to the AKP's constructive eleştirilerimize hope you listen to it.
Kuralsız used as national assets, to be handed over, it is irresponsible to users and public supervision, though we are against it.
"These concerns, however, the Fund for İstenen Presence giderilirse may be beneficial," he said.
Those on offer from the opposition between the AKP and the work was done to ensure it öğrenildi.
"We trust to Turkey," an indicator of our yatırımlardır
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, Ford Automotive Board of Directors President Ali Koc, "in the last 5 years, our investment of 30 billion TL, a sign of confidence in the future of our country, we heard," he said.
Koc Holding, Acting Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ford Automotive Ali Koc, together with a large number of companies with foreign capital, the director of the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (İSO) to Turkey, "organised by güvenenler, üretenler" in Turkey, where he met on the meeting.
Speaking at the meeting, Ali Koc, "with our partners, our belief that our country has been, and not just the so called voice, and that the investment we make aksiyonlarımız with it," he said.
We did in the last 5 years, the investment of 30 billion TL, a sign of confidence in the future of our country, we heard.
The more foreign investment, a must for an aspects; a reliable and fair legal system, international standards of democracy, a skilled workforce and R & D, innovation, entrepreneurship and the value-added that encourage a ekosistemdir.
In the last few years, our government, our history of Republican sanayicilerimize presented the most comprehensive incentives.
"I believe that these incentives and the overall strategies, and we need a new" Investment başlatabileceğiz "by the move.
Siemens Industry and Trade of Turkey's Board of Directors Chairman and CEO Hussein Gelis "now in any case is not only one of the country's problems, as we know it by the global players," he said.
Turkey to a long term, with an eye to where we are.
If we are in the draw in the unity and the problems will be solved.
We are in the 160 years ago in Turkey, she olamayanı on this land.
In Turkey, we will continue to do in those areas.
"We will, of course, but the ufkumuz factories in this area should be open," he added.
Turkey's top priority for them is one of the 10 countries, Shell Country Chairman Ahmet Erdem, Turkey, "Turkey, Shell is one of the priority for the 10 countries," he said.
Turkey's potential in the future, and we believe that the deeply.
In many areas, especially in the energy, and we continue to make investments in the etmekteyiz.
Sure, Başbakanımıza and Bakanlarımıza supportive of international investors to thank for their work.
The confidence of international investors to re who work.
"This is the direction that will increase the competitiveness of our country," he said.
Sandoz / Novartis in Turkey and the Middle East Region President Dr. Altan Demirdere, "on August 10th Global our CEO was due to arrive in Turkey," he said.
Travel, however, it was postponed.
We and we are against it.
Because of the arrival of the CEO of the very important.
Bulletproof car, such as the protection isteklerde.
When it comes to come here after he saw that everything is normal.
Bodyguards and left the car and returned in a way that happy.
Invest in a country, similar to the marriage.
It would be before that, if everything goes well, and in the long term plan nişanlanır evlenirsiniz.
We have never boşanmaya evliyiz with Turkey, and we have no intention.
Return to moves back from the brink!
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, the Swiss Hotel by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry's "güvenenler to Turkey, in Turkey, the consultation meeting on" üretenler joined a video conference with the business community.
Turkey's mukayeseli industrial sector of the industry to ensure that the Prime Minister Yildirim said, "Industry 4.0 in the Industrial sector, is in the process of transition to ıskalamamamız]," he said.
"The high value-added, is the engine of our country to seize the 2023 targets önemsiyorsak, industry's revolution, IT and technology devrimiyle together, think of it, it is necessary," he said.
On the night of 15 July, Turkey's have returned to a big gulf moves back from the Prime Minister Yildirim said, adding that "the future of our kastedenler, democracy, to destroy the employees, even the Gazi Meclisimizi bombalamaktan çekinmeyen alçaklar, if they had the muvaffak, today is another konuşuyorduk in Turkey," he said.
The coup was seized and the management of the national will to developing countries in the world that has been removed and the liginden has fallen, the 3rd among countries in the world, a konuşacaktık in Turkey.
"God, immune, Milletimizin basireti, Başkomutanımız, our president Mr Recep Tayyip Erdogan's dirayeti and our commitment to this belayı defettik," he added.
Prime Minister Yildirim said. "The impact of this incident and we will see if we can," he said.
The coup will never live with the constant and never is true.
There is a very ambitious goals.
This coup attempt sarsmadı of Turkey's economy.
Chaos and crisis yanıldı waiting once again.
Today, our democracy, our economy, sapasağlam ayaktadır.
In the banking sector, the financial sector continues to work in a healthy way.
The foreign trade deficit in 2015 has fallen by 25 per cent.
The rate of the national income in the current account deficit is 5.8 per cent in 2014, while the rate of 4.5 in 2015 to some.
At the end of this year we aim to cut to 4.
Tight duruşumuzu never değiştirmeyeceğiz of public finances.
Turkey's budget for 2016, the country's national income to more than 130.
More than 11 per cent of the national income, the budget deficit, which is the rate of 1.3 per cent in 2015 and dropped it on the level of rates that we have to protect it.
From the EU, the public debt has, we are better than a lot of countries in the world.
The banking firm in the financial sector is continuing the work of the ground.
"The central Bankamız July 15th, but the need to end the foreign exchange market, and any reduction in the duymadı rezervlerimizde is not in question, the more than $121 billion," there is a gross rezervimiz.
"The development of the economy, the increase of production and the new employment areas will provide any relief for covering the Prime Minister Yildirim," also yüklerinizden kurtarmanız history we are doing for the comprehensive regulations, "he said.
Amounts affından -- from more than he, and a revival of the unpaid tax debt relief to fend taksitlendirilmesine we passed it stone by stone to hold a lot of life, we continue to pass.
"You want to continue producing for the country, continue to trust ülkenize, your government, your önünüzdeki will continue to remove barriers coming," he said.
Hakan immune to his father, was taken to hospital with high şekerden
Conducted in Sakarya FETÖ / PDY operations against the terrorist group detained as part of the "Hakan immune immune to the father Sermet, during the investigation went to hospital as a result of the rise of.
The Public Prosecutor's Office expects the Sakarya by in the wake of the July 15 coup attempt against the FETÖ / PDY terrorist group as part of the operation, launched as a former national football player Hakan immune and immune to the father Sermet yesterday evening was about to catch up with them.
Today, as he leaves the Friday prayer at the earthquakes of the detained Hakan immune immune to the father Sermet, ranked by sorgusunun fenalaşarak went to hospital.
Sermet which have been taken to hospital as a result of the rise of immune to the treatment of Sakarya Training and Research Hospital, continues.
Turkey kopmuyor, from the West, the European Union is not giving up
Mehmet Simsek: Turkish kopmuyor, from the West, the European Union is not giving up
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, Industry, Science and Technology Minister Faruk özlü, Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (İSO), "organised by güvenenler to Turkey, in Turkey, the meeting on" üretenler attended.
Speaking at the Industrial Science and Technology Minister Faruk özlü, "in the wake of the evening of July 15th, and as a result I think that a lot of hayırlı developments," he said.
The most important of all, no doubt at the moment, Turkey's unity and feels deeply the soul of a draw.
On July 15th, Turkey's economy is in the process of how it has solid dynamics in the community showed how içselleştirdiğini democracy.
"In the economy and in democracy and in democracy has failed to arrest the seviyeyi, a society for the next process easier and better, it is clear that to move forward more quickly," he said.
In the "TÜRKİYE NİN SIKINTIDAN KURTULMASI LAZIM" BU
Faruk özlü have emerged from the coup attempt was born on July 15th, they convinced the Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said, adding that the government had declared a campaign on this issue, he said.
Zeybekci interest indirimlerine recently launched by the banks in the country, "My real sektörümün 63.4% in the first five of its gaze goes towards interest gidiyorsa gücümüzü bırakmalı we are all doing our job, we must concentrate on this job," he said.
For him to return to the work of our president, says that already.
The real sector, the banking system, government, politics, 15 July civil politics after the Turkish democracy revolution in draws its unity and Turkey's managed in this downturn].
In the recent developments, we welcome it.
"While encouraged by the banks in the coming period Cumhurbaşkanımızın launched by nine per cent in the month of the zero point, which began as Sekizler down right in this competition as the management of the economy by supporting sustainability, devamlılığını gerçekleştireceğiz together," she said.
"" YEŞİL passport, İHRACATÇIMIZIN EMRİNE VERECEĞİZ "
"In the world, to win in the coming period, we will," said Nihat Zeybekci kepçe, "Cumhurbaşkanımızın, led by Başbakanımızın gidilmedik search every country in the world, the çalınmadık search every door," he said.
The Ticaretimizi arttırmakla etmediğimiz search every contact with no one.
"I have never, and will never neglect; his bird followed the competition, we will not be kuşlardan tally," he said.
In addition to exporters Zeybekci later times will be given the green passport, adding that "the most recent decisions, one that came out of his law, the rule is currently in the economy ministry bitirdik; ihracatçılarımızdan around, starting from the first figures of around 17 and 20 ihracatçımıza who represented the country in this privileged green passport," we will give ihracatçımızın warrant.
"The coup" from the GİRİŞİMİNDE BULUNANLARIN TEMİZLENMESİ GEREKİYOR
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, in the wake of the July 15 coup and declared the OHAL referring to Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, the coup attempt, in for kabus nitelemesinde, "but behind us, we are no longer needs we have," he added.
The two had been declared OHAL for simple reasons, he added, is "something that is not subject to the coup attempt against kalkışma what happened in those states to be cleaned, and this process is in place; but more importantly, this kind of a further coup attempts to avoid serious administrative reforms was supposed to," he said.
This is a must for administrative reforms as the climate, the State of Emergency was declared and, so far, in the most serious structural reforms have been made.
"We are all subject to them in doing that in the democratic principles and the rule of law, we have to move, we will continue to," he said.
Life was returning to normal in many areas, said Simsek, companies and individuals are not politically engaged in the financing of terrorism and the slightest kaygılanmalarına stressed that there is no reason.
Turkey's democracy, voicing sağlamlaştığını added that "I think the foundations of Turkey's democracy sağlamlaştı; because the problems of the recent past when baktığınız believes that this betrayal is in that ring.
"So this terrorist group in the state, this period is that it is in Turkey, it will further strengthen Turkey's democracy," he said.
Overall, the economy is robust temellerin without delay, and never again to return to the normal structural reform gündemlerine döndüklerini Lightning, said, "Turkey's agenda-states we have, there is progress in structural reforms," he said.
Without structural reforms already olmazımızdır; because the world in populism, protectionism is on the rise.
"Turkey in the future, however, and the reform of the preparation can, however," he said.
Finally, from Turkey to the West, highlighting the kopmayacağını Simsek, western müttefiklerimizle "Turkey from time to time, may be ayrılıklarında dostlarımızla idea; but kopmuyor Turkey from the West, the European Union is not giving up," he said.
From more than 25 balıklama advances and the sea...
In Antalya, the 17 year old Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, popularly known as the 'Eagle Hill 25 metres high falezlerden balıklama atlayınca knows the sea.
The evening friends include many Konyaaltı sahilinde Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı, then under the varyant Hill, known as the "Eagle" in the sea of 25 metres high falezlerden balıklama advances.
A professional swimmer, Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı "of the impact of the wayside çarpmanın incindi neck would remain.
The movement to challenge Bayrakçı pointing out to the sea, like himself again to the shore by a professional swimmer, his friends.
İhbar health workers arrived at the scene of the incident, then the interference Şamil Tayyar Bayrakçı into ambulansla Antalya Education and Research Hospital.
The treatment there is no danger of Bayrakçı's vital.
Bayrakçı who testified to the police as a friend, "" in the town of Eagle Hill balıklama atlayınca incindi neck would remain, "he said.
"We estimate that it would be like that," he said.
The daily 25 dead - out
Hatay's District in Reyhanlı Cilvegözü Border Gate, the nearly 10 kilometres from the province of Syria's İdlib in the Town of Sarmada settlements where the aircraft was shot by the regime.
The local sources, 25 people were killed in the attack, 40 people were injured.
Cilvegözü Border Gate, which is in the face of Syria's Bab-Al Air Border Gate, near the Town of Sarmada, among the control of the regime, during lunch and aksam 2 separate air attacks by aircraft.
Local sources, the planes in an air raid that targeted the settlements and 25 people were killed, he said.
The explosion was also heard in Reyhanlı 40 people were injured in the attack is possible, it is concerned about the increasing number of dead.
President Erdogan, YOK membership Kaya chose!!!
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the Higher Education Board (YOK) Membership Finance Ministry Undersecretary H. Abdullah Kaya chose.
A statement from the president, "Mr. our president, Seyit Ahmet vacant due to the resignation of Chief of the Higher Education Board Membership, 2547 Higher Education Code of Resolution 6 / 1 bendi clause which was in line with the Finance Ministry Undersecretary seçmişlerdir H. Abdullah Kaya," the statement said.
On the other hand, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, 6735, "Resolution" approved the International Labour Code.
Presidential Press said in a statement from the Centre for the Resolution of "6735, the International Labour Code," by Mr. Let our 89 of the first fıkrası and 104 points in the second fıkrasının (a) in accordance with the bendi yayımlanmak Başbakanlığa gönderilmiştir, "it said.
In Kahta 2 brothers died in the armed attack
"The ADIYAMAN Kahta District, the cars of armed attack 2 brothers, were killed.
The incident occurred in the evening on the Mustafa Kemal Street.
Centre County is on the right path, 39, of Ramadan, Karahan run 02 Kh 839 car plates, tabancayla by an unidentified person opened fire.
In Karahan, who lost control of the car swerved, another vehicle çarparak has stalled.
In this place, the people from the car on the flag, but with the Ramadan Karahan, 50, from Omar Karahan, peş peşe.
Karahan brothers, heavy, aggressive motosikletle fled to the incident.
İhbar at the scene after the police and medical teams have been transferred.
Seriously injured Karahan brothers, ambulansla Kahta was held in the State Hospital.
The trips to the emergency room treatment of Ramadan, Omar and the doctors, but all of that can Karahan kurtarılamadı.
The bodies of two brothers morga addresses for the autopsy, where the incident occurred is studying kameralarını mobese and security in the region, the police, the identity of the assailants who fled saptanarak launched towards the work.
The UK should be directed to the Olympic spirit and the Heathrow of genişletmeli
Heathrow is not only the local topluluklarımızda and in London, but also across the country will offer renewal and prosperity.
I think that all of the nations and regions will benefit from the incredible effort to ensure that the Games show at London Heathrow, as was the case in 2012, and is very attractive to make.
The Olympics, Stratford and has provided great benefits for the East End.
And close to Heathrow, the opportunities for local people and companies that we will succeed and be able to do it again.
Only for the local topluluklarımız 10,000 new internship openings, 40,000 new jobs for young unemployed people, and that will search every airport in the surrounding area.
Ahead of the London 2012, as is the struggle to expand Heathrow, and think that it is too difficult.
It seems to me that the UK's never going to the Games we rezil hazırlanamayacağı and all over the world.
Those who doubt yanılıyordu in 2012, and will be shown at Heathrow on yanıldıkları.
Any time it would be needed to overcome obstacles to Heathrow, however, all the questions asked.
As in the Olympics is not just a few people in the Heathrow, an infrastructure project for a lot of people.
The expansion of 180,000 new jobs and £211 billion, creating an opportunity for economic growth, and both the airport and the surrounding areas throughout the United Krallık leaves a lot of skills and employment opportunity.
Heathrow's T5's (in five years, was named the world's best airport terminal) to the T2, one of the world's most intense between the two tracks in time, and in line with the budget for the £11 billion worth of infrastructure investment, there is a great team to implement that.
Now, the £16 billion worth of private investment, and we are ready to offer a third track, which is supported.
The London 2012 Games, is a huge achievement for the United Krallık genişletmesinin and Heathrow, I have no doubt that it will be.
The Olympic spirit of Heathrow's expansion to the commercial channel to secure our future and, in the meantime, the UK's pride will allow oluşturmamızın business skills and a lot of the time.
Lord Paul Deighton, Heathrow, president of the Board of Directors and former Treasury Department Commercial Sekreteridir
Adblock Plus, "when it comes to advertising on Facebook to block the game of cat and mouse can do," such as
Online advertising for companies who won the money reklamlardan care software to block attempts to obstruct, "according to one of the company's software, a game of cat and can play" looks.
On Thursday, Facebook's advertising engelleyicileri desktop site just two days after announcing it will block Adblock Plus, users of the social network to block ads filtrelerini güncelleyebileceğini gönderisi published a blog, he said.
On Tuesday, Facebook, advertising engelleyicilerin page which is part of the advertising to some advertisements to alter its surrounding area codes, he said.
However, Adblock is now hovering over the new codes, he says.
A blog gönderisinde, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams, "with the open source community to block the reklamlarını between them to prevent the workers that this is a fight against a return to forestall the moment since the invention of advertising is that it makes" and close to Facebook over time to produce their own resolution as soon as possible.
The world's largest social media company to enter this battle, advertising engelleyicilerin industry is a major concern for how doğurduğunu shows.
Adobe Pagefair last year and, according to a study by nearly 200 million people, as the global advertising uses for obstructionist; it is also in 2013, the number of people who use this kind of software four times.
Facebook's mobile aygıtlarla selected 1,03 billion daily active users and mobile advertisements are now Facebook's advertising revenue, accounting for 84 per cent of the vote.
A spokesman said the mobile advertising engelleyiciler Facebook social network for mobile applications and that there is effective in Instagram advertising company masaüstündeki engelleyicilerin go.
Facebook said that such a move, according to the value of the investment is still losing desktop ads will provide enough revenue to be in.
Also on Tuesday, the Facebook ads that people presented to them "to allow better control of advertising vehicle güncelleyeceğini choices," said.
On Thursday, Facebook, Adblock's new filtrelerinin is alarming, sitedeki advertising would block a portion of the illegal content is also claimed.
A Facebook spokesman, e-mail and in a presentation, "This is a good experience for people, and we are planning sunmuyor engaged this problem," he said.
A vehicle advertising engelleyiciler körelmiş, therefore, is to control the people in the vehicles, such as the Ad choices we are focused on creating.
A woman came running up to the Swiss highway; the incident appears to be a suicide
Victim yatıyordu on the highway at midnight.
Police said the suicide, which appears in the incident, a woman in the early hours of Thursday, nearly hit the vehicle on the highway with a few people who are looking for evidence.
The incident occurred just after midnight Thursday, Vaud cantons A1 in Morges, near the site of the explosion.
Vaud police, the declaration of a woman in a desperate night karanlığında "lies" to him, and a couple of speeding the vehicle, he said.
It is clear there is requested to kill itself, a Swedish woman, 49, a couple of vehicles, including trucks çarptı.
He was killed at the scene.
Police said the incidents, which included sürücülerden are discussed with some of them, however, said he has been located and their inclusion in the event, and everyone's başvurmasını asked for them.
The lawyer, Gilles Hofstetter, Le Tribune de Geneve in cases like this, the "logical" step by step "kovuşturması opened as a punishment," said in a statement.
However, the drivers are not included in the event of any charges, and it is not yet known karşılaşmayacağı describes.
As soon as possible to avoid Çarpışmadan müydü?
The prosecutor said that "the need to locate, Hofstetter.
In the past five years, two similar cases, the drivers were responsible for the tutulmayacağını shows.
In the newspaper, both in the dark (both of a person involved in the plans), half of the drivers on the highway to be across the street from a yayanın beklememesinin judgments that it is normal.
Last year, in August 2014, a nightclub on the road near the A1 Paynerne çarparak killed a man, a police officer beating due to negligence on the innocent.
In court, the victim, 22, and the infiltration of içkili on the road.
The court was responding to an emergency call, the police officer's vehicle on the road and a reasonable use of finding a man who is "is a completely exceptional and totally unpredictable," he said.
On Thursday, held near Morges those with information about this incident, 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 of the top telefonlardan police should.
NASA climate model: Venus was once was appropriate to live in
According to a new NASA climate model projections, once a life of Venus in the proper conditions.
NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, scientists, climate scientists could have produced evidence of similar vehicles and using algoritmalar Venus in the past have developed a model to explore.
The model of Venus, heat, water and CO2 yüzeyi excluded and the atmosphere was once filled with conditions similar to the one of the World's host, was originally designed to determine whether.
Scientists, in the past, the speed of the low returns of Venus's atmosphere is thick with the açıklamaktaydı.
The most recent estimates suggest, however, that Venus's fine, the world may have a similar atmosphere and yet slowly dönebileceğini önermektedir.
In addition to the former model's topografisine looked to Venus.
Gezegeninin World's more than the rate in the region, even though there was once enough water and geographically and have to protect against the rapid buharlaşmaya may have had.
The former Venus, at the same time, a rate of 30 per cent more loş faydalanmaktaydı sun.
GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio, a news release said, "GISS model simülasyonunda Venus's slow return each time almost two months during the day and will be looking to take his side," he said.
This yüzeyi ısıtarak yüzeyi that protects against the sun from warming, acting as an umbrella that make up the thick cloud katmanları yağmurlara.
As a result, today the world's only a few degrees more than the average Sea temperatures cold climate that requiring it.
The model for the planet Venus as before, put forward by the scientists could have produced hipotez evrime to the creation of a similar story.
So once a suitable conditions for life, even if Venus, a few billion years, and too many ısıya ultraviyole ışığa.
Okyanusları buharlaştı and water buharı ultraviyole ışın and yanarak destroyed.
Hydrogen sold out and only have the effect of the deadly greenhouse gas karbondioksit was full of a thick atmosphere; i.e., as Venus as we know it today.
The researchers said the new model of the climate of Venus, shared the results of the Geophysical Research articles.
Patrick Roy, the Avalanche antenörlüğünden resigned
Patrick Roy, the team's decision making process, and that it had not been for the Colorado Avalanche started on Thursday, and his position as vice president of hockey operations, resigned from his post.
Colorado executive vice president / general manager, Joe Sakic, it approved and the club is looking for a new coach will begin immediately, he said.
The 50 year old Roy, the declaration of "last three years, the chief in Colorado Avalanche antrenörlük and duties according to the position as vice president of hockey operations, energy, passion and determination I have, instead," he said.
This team needs during the summer, giving the breadth of how to further iyileştirebileceğimi and how to a higher level, I thought çıkarabileceğimi will field.
To achieve this, the hockey coach and the VP operations, with a vision of a perfect vision of the company must be in harmony.
In addition, in the decisions that affect the performance of the team that it must be right.
In the current situation is not yet karşılanmış these conditions.
Roy of the 23 May 2013 team that Sakic, Roy, for his contributions to the team.
Sakic's decision today, "Patrick of me," he said.
It all made for kuruluşumuz thanking him for it, and we wish all of luck to him in the future.
Roy, Avalanche and the 2013-14 in his first season as the league's best coach Jack Adams Award.
Club 112 points, and the team's league, however, it has provided the first in Colorado, an off period and lost to Minnesota in the first round, and every two years, missed games in the post season.
Avalanche, 39 in 2015-16 and 39-4 goal, and the second wild card in the Western Conference, five points less than was necessary for the space.
Honour zones goalkeeper Roy, two from the Montreal Canadiens for both Avalanche won the Stanley Cup, with four of them.
North Sea oil workers' strike continues, and the talks were put on hold
North Sea oil workers' wages were put on hold due to the strike and the chief negotiators for a new round of talks began in the debate.
Oil field services company Wood Group, a strike against the run by Royal Dutch Shell in the North Sea, platformlarda exercised gradually.
"In a joint presentation with Wood Group Unite and RMT unions as a solution to the current dispute we have decided to begin the process to rebuild," he said in a statement.
In the next few weeks, starting at the beginning of next week to face a new perspective for the benimsemek all day we will organise a series of meetings.
Trade union, to 30 per cent of this protest against the varabilecek wage cuts of 25 years, is the first since the bombings, he said.
Wood Group, this year, due to the negative pressure on the market, the North Sea, about as the yüklenicilerine ödemelerde by 9 per cent.
In the wake of the company's process to reduce the fee in 2014 kıyıdaki yüklenicilerine has also implemented a reduction in the price by 10 per cent.
The company, the additional cuts, the introduction of the troubled period in the market for a company that would provide needed space, he said.
Shell, the British energy company BG Group and streamline the process of reunification with their operations and laid off thousands of people up to 10, the oil and gas operations in the country, announced plans to stage it.
The energy companies, the UK's June in the European Union's decision to leave a legacy of the economic situation, which is under pressure due to low crude oil prices altınadır.
Dave Anderson, a member of the Scottish Parliament earlier this week, met with the leaders of the workers in the North Sea, one of the largest labour conflicts will debate.
Himself, the North Sea, it is of vital importance to the regional economy.
He said, "is a declaration of the North Sea and across the country, not for the minority to the majority, we need an effective economy," he said.
In the past five years, with an average of about $7 billion of investment, but in 2016, the new projects in the North Sea, at less than $1.4 billion in investment is expected to be done.
Kepler, Ulker team to return to the pace of Soweto yıldızındaki ölçtü
Kepler space telescope, with the latest post where astronomers observed the Ulker yıldızındaki rates of return in terms of the number of stars is the most complete catalogue oluşturabilmesine.
The new data, where astronomers observed the team have returned to Soweto yıldızındaki variable at a fast pace, and a return to reason with the composition of the planet is helping anlayabilmesine and attention.
In the Caltech in Pasadena kızılötesi processing and Analysis Centre, a research scientist, Luisa Rebull, a news release said, "with the star kümeleri Sonuçlarımızı karşılaştırdığımızda, a-kütlesi, the age of the solar system's history, and even more information about the relationship between" we hope that edinebilmeyi demiştir.
Ulker team light from the star of the 445 uzaktadır.
Most of the stars team yıldızındaki oluşmuştur 125 million years ago, and a new level of new erişkinlik ulaşmaktadır.
Of what could be the highest pace dönmektedirler.
A return to the peak hızlarında, still under the director of a large amount of star rüzgarı stars.
The winds on the magnetic fields of stars breaking out of the influence of the stars.
Return to the speed of a star ages starts to decline.
Kepler, a return to the pace of every single-sun lekeleri can make a difference, such as the amount of time between the appearance of star lekelerinin measures by.
The most recent rates of return to the catalogue, more big stars in small yıldızlardan entitlements that have returned to more quickly.
Rebull, the only one of those big stars dansçılara benzeterek returns with more slowly than those with small in a way that has carried out the expression.
Rebull, Ulker, "those who went in the Ballet is much more severe, the speed of light, we can see that many stars of" demiştir, "he said.
Ulker is very close to the star of the team, and the star of an ideal for the return rates karşılaştırılması cosmic tourist sees the lab task.
Ulker Rebull, "as the number of stars' of the young and the elderly, in both directions, for the return of star" demiştir theoretical models.
How the stars return rates, has fallen to when and why, in the dance ayakkabılarını tabiri caiz, why they left, we want to learn about a possibility that there is a lot more of it.
Ulker Rebull and colleagues with the rates of return on the number of stars' newest analizlerini shortly to be published in Astronomy Magazine article details announced three new as well.
