The 28-year-old was found dead in San Francisco mall Cook
The 28-year-old chef, recently moved to San Francisco this week was found dead in a local shopping centre in the stairwell.
But you don't think anybody who might want to hurt him, adding that the victim's brother, said: "Things were good for her at the end."
Westfield shopping centre on Wednesday morning that the body of Forensic Medicine Institute in San Francisco, San Francisco resident Frank Galicia belonged to 28-year-old olduğunun determined explained.
San Francisco Police Department determined the cause of death was murder, and continued research is reported.
ABC station KGO in San Francisco, to the victim's brother Louis Galicia, in Boston before Frank's work as chief of the kitchen, six months ago, the Sons & Daughters kitchen attaining your dream job as head of the department, San Francisco started, he said.
Sons & Daughters themselves, this is in charge of death "extremely sorry and they ain't dope," he said.
Spokesman here, "We're a small team working hard and he will be missed very much like a family" was found in a statement.
Frank's family and our prayers are with them in these difficult times we'd like to point out that they are not alone.
Hostel in Galicia, Frank Louis in the beginning and said "things were good for her at the end," he said.
Galicia, St. Louis to KGO "had an apartment and was dating a girl," he said.
You don't think anybody who might want to hurt a little brother, Louis Galicia said.
He's a big heart, with a gentle person.
The family to connect us to make way for us to do was eat a plate every time, "said Louis Galicia.
Never liked to argue.
My brother, fitted in any situation.
That, "the world, everything else wrong with that rough diamond was shining brightly every day, when he goes," he said.
Information from people who have been asked to call phone number 415-575-4444 SFPD tip line.
Resident in the strike: Calls for new business slowing down
The dispute about a new contract as assistant, with representatives of the doctors' unions wanted him to let slow work.
British doctors' Association (BMA) doctors committee (JT), assistant general support to the council called for more from the beginning of September that slowing down.
The ministers expressed concerns about the contract, JT can't do what.
Doctors and medical students, an assistant with the BMA voted to reject the contract agreement.
This was rejected by 58% of members who voted for.
In an article published on Twitter on Thursday night, which is why JT President Ellen McCourt, the government's "persistently silent" about problems of the contract was turned down yet, he said.
He added: "In light of this, JT executive board, the proposed new contract totally- karşılamayı voted again and called for launching formal negotiations about concerns."
In response to the board of the BMA JT, the government's silence from the beginning of September, the administration to allow for a formal request for a program to boost business has been found.
Doctors first all-out conflict, including the NHS assistant this year to join the strike caused a cut in the history of six.
BMA leader Dr Johann Malawi, BMA's assistant at the doctor recommended votes against the terms of contract after receiving resigned.
Before the vote and a physician's assistant 54.000 medical student during meetings should be admitted that members of the BMA said it was a good deal.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, the doctors in England, after the vote to be the same goes for implementation of the contract, he said.
Russia and Turkey: A'uyumsuzlar ittifakı' do?
This was a gesture sonlandıran crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey, on Tuesday as the economic sanctions and shake hands with words and pictures of the war came together to announce was eight months.
However, St. Vladimir Putin. While his counterpart in St. Petersburg's Palace, who tops the Turkish side, this settlement sheikh-y hello-o-o clearly I had the impression that Ankara.
El by shaking, yes.
But Mr. Putin's smile was relatively weak and even against his own limited standards didn't spread any temperature.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, unlike so many times, Mr. Putin, told "good friend" Five times, according to a report.
I'm surprised the number of me.
He's also much higher levels will reach crisis level of relations with Russia, he doesn't come back before he's given his word.
The next day, in a newspaper here, Mr. Erdogan's statement was never a bad thing pretending.
I think he was showing the exact opposite of that excitement.
But Mr. Putin's Russia gave the impression of the leader of the cold, you don't forget anything around it.
In fact, why was the first thing mentioned in the opening of the crisis in a statement: Turkey shot down Russian war plane in the Syrian border.
Then Russia's reaction was full of rage.
Mr. Putin, Moscow accused Ankara to stab in the back by a hard exit.
Resentment was thought to have been friends, was much bigger than the other side.
Rebuilding trust will be really hard, maybe impossible.
The idea of the people of Russia changed since November.
State-controlled media, and aggressively targeted Ankara traumatic for months.
Suddenly everything was guilty, the Turks.
These are the most serious, high-level officials from the so-called Islamic State in Syria, Mr. Erdogan's family held in the areas under the control of that profit from illegal oil trade was allegations.
He denied that for sure.
But St. The official message from St. Petersburg, was in the direction it's time to move on.
The reason for that to happen in the end of this meeting, Mr. Putin, President Erdogan demanded an apology was being taken.
Russia can see it as a kind of victory.
Ankara will call for a ceasefire is very clear benefits.
First, Erdogan will be held last month after the coup failed and almost overturning needs friends in.
The repeated terror attacks in Turkey affected her quite in.
Economic reasons and effective.
The sanctions hit Russia hard; Turkey's coastal regions, especially a few million flights carrying Russian tourists every year ban on special.
That number fell by almost 90%.
Flights and rental companies in Russia and tour operators will continue to be a totally relaxed.
Relying on the intensity of the end of the season in the Mediterranean.
And this week, state TV, allowing Turkish agricultural products will be a decrease in prices of fruit and vegetables with new imports predicted.
A story in the newspaper Vedemosti alıntı yapacak olursak "tourists there, tomatoes, over here."
But there was a separate political value of the visit to Moscow.
Ankara, the coup attempt didn't get angry enough for the reaction to the West.
The speed of progress in talks about joining the United States for a long time, when you add in anger sea-snails heard without severing ties with Turkey's western glaciosity between Mr. Putin and trying to take advantage of coming on line.
Russian leader called for support due to the elected officials in Ankara after the coup attempt, certainly seems to have packed sympathy.
A radical regime change, he should not fear that this is an attitude to Moscow was carrying on.
This summit, held in the palace on the edge of the Sea, Russia and Turkey analyst this sheikh-y explained to me in a way represent a "alliance of misfits": Two bad behavior of the West Country and rejected joining forces.
Still, despite the appearance of the reconciliation of each other, it's quite different.
One of the most important of these about Syria: MOSCOW Russia and Turkey support different sides to show himself as a mediator.
Almost three hours after the talks, not mentioned in the first two of the President's press conference to say that supports it.
To answer a question about Turkey's president, these differences, Mr Putin chose to draw clear holdeth under all of this.
The floor with a clear idea how or where they are choosing a partner in Syria.
But the ongoing conflict - and, frankly, for months after the Russian war plane hit the NATO member Turkey has emerged as a potential disaster in the drop in front of the two leaders to start talking - at least it's definitely a good development.
Royal Bank of Scotland, it's not for customers outside Scotland
RP, bank executive board will back office, president of brand stated position.
Royal Bank of Scotland, for customers outside Scotland will be destroyed.
BBC Scotland Ross McEwan, RP was associated with the bank's global brands to target, he said.
Almost eight years ago in a position to give up when it was thick and retreat of these burst-up situation.
In that time, other consumer finance brands used to protect the'rbs strateji uzmanları brand.
Wimbledon Champion Andy Murray's Six Nations rugby championship, for many millions of pounds from sponsorship and supported.
But for now, more national brands decided it would be appropriate to come forward.
Scottish customers will be used by Royal Bank of Scotland, however, there will be no new beginnings.
The stock market in England and Wales in the center of the NatWest and RP all references to be listed as situations will be replaced.
The Republic of Ireland and Ulster Bank customers in Northern Ireland for the brand already in use.
The mission will take much more of a dominant individual banking for smaller brands; The Bank, Coutts & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military.
Mr McEwan, gave an interview in a tour organised for clients and staff in Inverness Shire.
BBC to Scotland, said: "After that more brands of a bank we're going to be our brand and our staff's employment edildiği brand now brand RP investors will be."
The bank, RP became a global brand himself as he became a global brand.
Now I'm telling you that our local targets, not global.
People are a little bit different in each of these brands, and our staff and customers that brands will step forward in a way to work under the name.
RP Six Nations Championship, and raise the profile of different brands about sponsorship in sport was sponsored by don't want to be explained.
The president's executive board, "No more brands bank understanding geçme our time has come because (we keep asking ourselves) that a better bank for customers, how can we do?" he said.
Three years ago and we will be a great bank for our customers that if we made it clear that we offer that I'd find alayvar the brands.
We're conducting our own work, but not too many changes with our focus on customers' needs and I think you'll find.
That's why we can get from this new brands, I think this is a good time.
Frankie Dettori, predilection with 3,000 times and won victory obtained in Newmarket
Dettori at Newmarket victory, with champagne after a double success doneour reached 3,000
Jockey, Frankie Dettori at Newmarket in England won the 3,000 victory on Friday.
John Gos's second victory of the night, with trained on the track, winning local predilection, this milestone has arrived.
Reaching this milestone in 45 years old, the Italian koşu handi-capable sixth jockey.
Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Pat Eddery, Lester Piggott himself, and following the Willie Carson.
Ghaydaa victory in three championship before reaching the jockey said: "This is a special occasion."
I am touched that so much for my family is here
I started this job in Newmarket 30 years ago that it makes me really happy.
This is an important meeting, not just a Royal Ascot with 20,000 people - not an ordinary Friday night.
I feel relieved and so light.
And then agreed to the cheers, bringing the predilection, Dettori victory
It's been two to reach this milestone in the steeplechase jockey: Champion jockey Richard Johnson, and in his career record with 20 times and full of champion jockey Sir Anthony McCoy, the retired victory over the 14,000
Lester Piggott's career, there are nine times in the race winner 4493 derby victory
One of the best jockeys Frankie of our time, and it's not surprising to reach a milestone reached only a few people before himself.
Stylish and a strong person, but heavy element in the balance of the others to have that tactical mentality.
Own a horse race in spectacular fashion with his charisma and excitement about this for years, represent the people in this sport.
A few weeks ago in Epsom, Frankie only on weekends and I said it could be reached without a jockey competing in big races 6000. victory.
If you need to be serious, Frankie, in the United Kingdom, it's nice to see a big part of the victories that he spent 30 years.
He's very exciting and it's a very good for British races feature a character beyond that, however, a fantastic jockey.
Frankie Dettori, celebrated this milestone with a move to get off the horse she became a symbol
Frankie Dettori, finished a lot of the landing, bouncing from a horse races in the running for 20 years has become a symbol of British handi-capable.
This was a way, full of ups and downs.
In 1996, winning a lot of big race in Ascot, which includes the famous Great sevens'zaferini together in a plane crash and survived due to not ban the drug is banned.
Six months suspended for three years ago back in the head during this process if they become suspicious of her own right and to get the best way to go back and showed a strong character.
And can continue for a while; Dettori said he wanted to continue until at least 50 before the competition etmişti.
Russian President Putin, Sergei Ivanov, chief of staff he suspended
Russian President Vladimir Putin, chief of staff Sergei Ivanov görevden took an unexpected way.
Mr. Putin's trusted for many years, Mr. Ivanov was part of his inner circle.
As a special envoy for the environment and transport problems, now 63 years old, was assigned.
In a statement from the Kremlin, Mr. Putin's "Ivanov's decision to terminate the Mission Management responsible for Russia" a statement, but why wasn't any.
For this position as deputy Anton vaino, who was assigned to lvanov h.e.cemil since 2012.
vaino, aged 44, a former diplomat.
In 1972, was born in Tallinn, Estonia's capital Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), a prominent part in the embassy in Tokyo, and he graduated from the mission.
Later he was interested government personnel and administration presidential protocol; The Kremlin website, the statements in this way (in Russian).
To Mr. Putin said that after deployment: "Thank you for trusting me."
In addition to the most important job as head of state to support the implementation of laws and instructions for inspection, I think it's your activities.
Mr. Putin, Russian television station on Friday, Mr. Ivanov, Mr vaino offered to replace him, and you wanted him out of the mission from explained.
Smiles is it persuasive?
This is an astonishing Moscow move.
Sergei Ivanov, Vladimir Putin's closest allies in a long time to work as one of the Soviet KGB, and she served as security forces.
As chief of staff was one of the most powerful people in the country.
In a televised meeting with President Putin and the state of both the chief of staff was taken from his post on his own volition, he said.
But given the cameras despite very few people convinced that smiling exposure here; Especially when parliamentary elections during this period.
It's a kind of a power struggle and welded a dispute?
Yet no one knows this.
But a person to be president of Russia's environmental policy in the direction of a big ask to lead the official explanation was met with doubts.
According to the Kremlin website, Mr. Putin has given to those words for Mr. Lvanov quote: "We're in a speech at the start of 2012, in line for four years for this very difficult - it's true that I want you to trust me - you can say, troubled mission.
Well, it looks like four years, I served as the presidential chief of staff for eight months.
In December 2011, Mr. Ivanov, took on this role.
Deputy Prime Minister before the Ministry of Defence and took part in missions.
Mr. Putin, himself a member of the Security Council and former state security forces as Russia is a member of the KGB.
In the late 1990s, Mr. Putin, who replaced the KGB (FSB) in her position as president of the federal security forces, Mr Ivanov has power of attorney.
Mr. Putin came to power in the five most trusted Ivanov, as one of the show.
Mr. Putin's third presidential term, Mr. Putin's second term, Mr. Ivanov then don't unconstitutional because it was thought to be president in May.
However, this mission has been transferred to another close ally, Dmitry Medvedev, Putin's.
Mr. Putin, president of the new prime minister, he was three and a half years later, before returning to.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson, the producer's shot was fired after dizisinin
The show, got into a physical altercation on the set in Los Angeles last month, Gibson got involved.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, producing the show has been fired from his job in a joint statement announced.
Gibson, who plays special agent Aaron Hotchner on Tuesday published an apology before anneulment announcement, to be done.
On the set and there was a disagreement about the issues of creative differences.
In a statement "I'm saddened by this to happen," he said.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, Gibson's The character played by a group of FBI agent's statement that justice will be given detailed information on how far in the history of the program following a report says.
It's a situation comedy called Dharma & Greg before, the 54-year-old actor, who took part in the first season in 2005 to take part in the program since it was in.
Gibson, in a statement published on Friday "Criminal Minds a lot to me and my heart and soul I worked with him over the past twelve years," he said.
I'd love to stay until the end, however, it's not possible anymore.
It's just great actors, producers, writers, and most importantly, our team could have a program the best I'd like to thank supporters.
Ten of the program is expected to return to screens for the second season on September 28.
The mystery of the fish from Banff in the garden
A person living in the area in Banff, applied for help in identifying the fish appeared in Banff.
Kevin Bain, who moved into the sea fish with a hose that he thinks it could be 75 fish sand.
Bain, who lives far away from the sea, two inches in length, I 500 fish in the hope that someone in the footage released prior to the arrival shed light on periscope.
Queensferry Crossing: Now attached to the bridge to Fife
The project, worth £1.35 billion to be completed by May 2017
The engineers and North Queensferry together-that viaduct. That means the bridge connecting Fife anymore.
This, every one of the tower is nearing completion in three of the bridge between the environment, "the deck to fans" it's the first of four closing.
The bridge from 600 metres in length and weighs over 30,000 tons of Fife.
It consists of 46 with 10,000 tons of steel and concrete support 20,000 tons of cable.
The project, worth £1.35 billion to be completed by May 2017.
Economy minister Keith Brown, who became one of those who had first visited the bridge of land plants today.
He said: "This is a symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry and history.
We all just part of the bridge's 30,000 tonnes of concrete used to build on this project truly epic scale and we're witnessing in engineering.
With the gap between the bridge deck to the bridge viaduct, this is despite the extraordinary size and weight tolerances requires extremely sensitive to adapt a delicate work.
Overall, almost 79% of Total köprü deck to deck to wellrested, pouring concrete on the bridge will be held at the first index today means there will be ready to be lifted in this entire deck to as Istanbul.
Contractors Forth Crossing Bridge project and director Michael Martin, said: "Every time a major projects, all in the first closing the bridge is a cornerstone.
In this extraordinary project, which represents the closing, civil engineering.
And then placed in the North Tower and expanding commitment to the last road deck to - or black - we had to close the gap in the north side.
This took place in the north as far south you viaduct 700 millimetres.
It's too big, but it was a very delicate procedure in the same time.
The reason it's huge 222 metres long, Viaduct, almost 6,000 tonnes in weight that you and that he had about 3% in the troop withdrawal.
If the team to follow the values of tolerance and sensitive is the reason why it was very low; Only a few millimeters on both sides.
Fortunately, everything went fine.
Moeller Bay rescue team: Three men, "he's lucky to be alive"
Three men from a fishing boat in Anglesey in later life, "lucky, because they had in life."
Moeller RNLI lifeboat station, preparations are made in the Gulf of Moeller lifeboat and then to see the case on Friday, with British Summer Time at 15:26 sounded the alarm.
Three men on boats for a safe area, while he was trying to swim together on its own right.
A lifeboat for Moeller lifeboat control "and we saw the boat we were to worry them the right circles," he said.
"Fortunately we got away with strong winds until the road towards them," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat in a third man in 60 years without a life vest was found exhausted while trying to hold onto a buoy.
All the right way to the lifeboats and lifeboat station area has been brought to shore lifeguard
Mr Jones said: "The splash of three men in life, and they are lucky they were unscathed.
But the boat had capsized the boat in the engine driving the boat in an emergency stop cord in a way that people must be broken.
Someone was watching these three men today.
For the health and happiness, a valuable kind of hunting Pokémon Go
Really amazing to see how the world has changed.
Young people and children now prefer to spend their free time staring at screens outside to play for the past decade, most people don't worry, it was a sad situation.
Pokemon go and encouraging people to move from the couch.
While limited in time and time spent staring at screens, TV on smartphones, and at the end of the video games as yayıldı.
That's why it's not mutually exclusive elements to move in the open air, technology and really great to see.
Of course created for video games in the first place in the '90s (later turned into products and the other hand, the series cards) with an app based on characters from Pokémon go, I'm talking about.
This new phenomenon, like a lot of popular culture in the game in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July when he was a mess.
Later in the intense interest in other countries, why overload the servers due to delayed presentation.
Within days, and almost the same number of Pokémon go users on Twitter with more than Tinder has arrived.
So how does it work?
In short, smart phones, if necessary to explain the way to go looking for Pokémon players with GPS tracking and finding "draw a picture of" or "Catch" (on the phone with a screen grab) them.
The game based on the couch, who played a younger generation joined in the search for this madness.
A game in the United States, "average" number of people every day I made a significant increase in the name.
The Apple Watch app developed for the user with a short while ago to the Washington Post and 35,000 cardiogram, watching the game between the two days after the presentation of the people who exercise every day in 30 days following rate is 45 per cent to 53 per cent rise, he said.
The company, don't know who was playing Pokémon go Only at the level of exercise can see the raw data.
"30 minutes to spare the time," people "get off the couch" and "to be active every day," a lot of public health campaign encouraging the public health message, it seems to be passed on by most people ignored due to be boring and miserable.
But it doesn't matter how much exercise a little overstated.
People who exercise regularly, reducing the chance of cancer or depression.
Exercise, weight control and provides help on issues such as diabetes, high blood pressure and not be listed here has a long list of advantages.
However, Pokémon go's beauty is out for people to do something they enjoy.
Three key elements in health is in this way: move, clean air and sunshine and fun.
Even during the hunt for some people can learn a new friend.
As usual, looking for something to complain about lmpudent welshers available.
And, of course, someone might hit while walking to the door.
What's the difference?
A great innovation has been offered.
Our smart phone applications like feet and watch this game offered a reason to exercise like us.
In the use of influence and innovation will be reduced over time.
However, due to the success of Pokémon in the real world applications through virtual reality and more active, fit and healthy people out hunting activities with the help that happen to be a lot of the game.
Dr. Joe read blog posts from www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles, she grabbed the gold medal in gymnastics Overview
Forget the pressure.
Forget about excitement.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
About jumping dynamic.
Comfortable in the balance beam.
In place and it's amazing.
Head down in perfection.
And it is now an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast, on Thursday as the rest of the world with his own in the Olympics by finishing first overall and clearly the difference between the fielder.
"The last five" points in total, the silver medallist and friend 62,198 Aly Rais and Aliya Mustafa of Russia's bronze medal with team owner was so on.
Simone Biles, the United States of America on Thursday at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the woman in the general assessment in the final performance in the balance beam, artistic gymnastics.
Biles, in a row, fourth and fifth overall, the overall assessment of his generation award and the American woman has been announced as the best of all time and maybe his name.
In the last published total was in tears and a long trip out to reach this moment is over.
This success that led to new levels every once in a generation of sports, athletes like Michael Phelps was out to be seen at the same level:
Biles, the last three years including 1984 World Championship gold medal and 10 of 15 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton's calling himself "the best gymnast I've ever seen" with a mixture of ambition and precision that makes this sport as one of the most successful re-volt-ing routines geçirdi.
A final test in Brazil was waiting for him. This contest between himself and the rest of the people in the field, Biles and would be a lot of great expectations was among a burden.
A handful of family home in Spring, Texas, with less than a gold medal back to be considered a disappointment.
Simone Biles, Aly Rais, left, and the United States of America from the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the artistic gymnastics women's overall assessment, after taking gold and silver medals, respectively, on Thursday, Aug.
The national team coordinator Martha Karol retired the first one of Biles, an exclamation point on Tuesday, when he served as a win at the farewell party.
It was looking forward to the top right in the long run if Biles ever insist that's not exactly true.
Floor exercise routine and part of the Rio Olympic arena, she became a symbol taklal the passage of time to adapt fully to the street just outside of Latin music and was prepared.
This is not a coincidence.
Grandma and Grandpa adopted as a child with a little more by making the trip to the gym and coach Aimee Boorman's a girl's mother, discovered by a power boormanjahn has become.
Since the summer of 2013, didn't lose any of evaluations Biles wanted to continue as long as it's a winning streak.
This is the lead in the rotation two Mustafa was temporary.
Biles's balance beam and floor exercises, it wasn't done yet üstlendiği the world championship.
It took the lead in the balance beam and floor exercise and crowned with a score at 15,433 15,933 points.
Rais, Biles and hugged her while waiting for the final score slightly once wrote a sketch book as a courtesy of glowing red, white and blue eye makeup, with real vision around biinkin 'tears.
Rais's performance, shared fourth place but then lost the bronze medal performance was like a rematch four years ago to Mustafa.
This time, the Americans call "Nana" 22-year-old team captain took the lead.
Then came through with a return to the crowd at the floor exercise that looks suspicious then sent a kiss.
The 19-year-old Biles shared a tweet earlier this week for a whole new meaning when you could say that's now:
Police: Serial killer case, three of the victims were shot while listening to music in the car
Phoenix serial killer and two women in the first ten years of a 12-year-old boy and girl talk in the car, according to police reports released on Thursday when he was shot while listening to music.
Angela rocheile Liner, the authorities, stefrnie R. A girl on the driveway of maleah Ellis and Ellis was shot in his car parked on June 12, he said.
The gunman with a gun while standing in the report on the passenger side of the car and it is stated that another vehicle from eight shots.
The police because he hasn't grown that the robbery of the three murders of the victims or assailant didn't charge for $2.900 handbags.
Phoenix police spokesman Sergeant Jonathan Howard, this led researchers to examine whether the first armed attack linked to four attacks, he said.
Four months in a predominantly Hispanic neighborhoods in the attack while a total of seven people died and nine Origin people during the two people were injured.
Howard, at the beginning of this month to KP, a subsidiary of CBS "This is in a residential area in front of a house," it's been found in a statement.
The suspect in the late 1990s, the late 1990s model Nissan Brown sonlarına doğru a black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln sonlarına doğru a model used several vehicles, including the consideration.
The attacks were conducted by researchers with the same killer, was about the same killer refused to give evidence and concluded that the present.
Ellis (33) and was taken to hospital due to injuries and lost their lives.
Liner's daughter maleah Ellis (31) and was pronounced dead at the scene.
These people to the police car parked in a person who witnessed the incident, said he wasn't an unusual situation of listening music sitting down.
Officials empty a truck with three counts of murder in the same time, half an hour before targeting a police report released about the shooting.
Researchers found bullet casings, bullet fragments in the engine compartment and removed a bullet from a seat was detected.
Six-year-old microcephaly patient's mother: "It Gets Better"
Like most six-year-old boy in toys, and of course, Edmund Picciuto singing he loves his mother very much.
But unlike his peers in the current condition microcephaly Edmund; This is a genetic disorder during pregnancy, Elizabeth picciuto's mother didn't know existed.
When I first thought was the first home, I can't do this.
I can't do that.
I didn't want that.
These are of course it's not true, of course you want, "he said.
He and his wife, and even in life can not stay in them, no Edmund tanıyamayabileceği Vincent said.
Some doctors will be placed in a nursing home, went as far as to offer.
"My first reaction was to tell people I don't think you're doing this anymore," picciuto was found in a statement.
Edmund, a walk with the help of a walker.
Edmund, three years old and still can't or couldn't sit up until emekleyemedi.
But some of his own reacheth slowly turning points.
Walking with the help and can ride a bike.
Also, with two brothers to play the game and loves to sing.
Elizabeth, to say "Please tell me the song," says Edmund uydurduğu sign language.
Picciuto, CBS News that "we're teaching him sign language," he said.
But it's not like we know sign language, Edmund's own işaretlerini says you made it up.
The situation can arise due to microcephaly, a series of different; Edmund like viruses like Zika during pregnancy could be available to a genetic condition that can be caused by infections and measles and.
Symptoms can show and the prognosis is very big differences.
Zika infection is still too early to tell people how this situation affected his life.
Remember, your future picciuto oluşturduğu shaky emotional baggage.
I was constantly asking to see what's going to happen.
What will happen?
And he still doesn't know that.
Actually, no one really long time I didn't expect me to say I didn't ask a question about the prognosis.
But for mothers, babies with congenital birth defects due to Zika picciuto's full of hope to offer advice.
It gets better.
You know you're going to be better for you.
You'll love your child, your children will love you.
Rescue teams and heavy rain triggered floods in Louisiana, Mississippi
Widespread heavy rain and floods in Louisiana, with more rain expected until Saturday to the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday.
The National Weather Service in the south of Louisiana and Mississippi in the northeast, and that it was common in heavy rain that flood in the river flow and countless flood threat bildirdi.
Louisiana governor John Bel Edwards, was constantly in contact with local authorities and state officials in affected neighborhoods were meant to be in the way.
The governor's domestic security and emergency preparedness office spokesman Mike Steele, said demand for vehicles, boats and visors been high water.
Steele requested a visor for the neighborhood, just a ton of Tangipahoa, he said.
Watch a lot of flooding will be implemented until Saturday in south Louisiana.
Space weather services be compromised in a statement, an additional three to five inches of rainfall, he said.
In the region continued to rain on Saturday in southern Alabama, mobile, there was a flood watch.
Both the com River near Baton Rouge and Denham Springs, Louisiana in the Amit River is expected to reach record levels for nearby in the week.
Alek Kraut, both of the river near Baton Rouge forecaster and a lot of the house in suburban areas under water, said she offered me a ride.
Lake Maurepas and slow the flow of Rivers, who will be a threat of flooding in Ascension Parish, he said.
Liverpool, just south of the border of the state of Mississippi River in Louisiana, a level measured in the morning of tickfaw nine was already has reached. On Friday.
Rescue teams, people in raids in southwest Mississippi continues to save water from the Amit and Wilkinson accidents.
Leroy Hansford, wife and stepson, near Gloucester on Friday was between lives saved.
Hansford (62), the Beaver Creek in normal house from 400 feet away from the water rising rapidly in the night, he said.
Another sitting near him, he warned his son's stepfather, he said.
Hansford, "We woke up and water kept coming," he said.
To the waist was coming.
His wife to live here for 48 years, the highest level in the creek Hansford saw this, he said.
The only person who could swim and he was disabled and his family members, kendisinin Hansford said.
Hansford, a big, all three emergency workers and military style on Friday in which they said he was taking to the fire station in Gloucester, saved a truck.
Heavy rains and floods Kraut, evacuation orders as long as you think the authorities to take "swift is widespread," he said.
The Observer Kraut, Livingston near midnight 13.75 inç reported rain by Friday morning, he said.
In a high level of the ground already saturated Kraut, since Wednesday, he said.
The authorities, intense rains and flooding the streets in Tangipahoa Parish School District, residents and rescue under five, she gave birth to the need to be school holidays, he said.
A woman in Tangipahoa, a subsidiary of CBS affiliate WWL 200 House members of the city council, said he was trapped under the flood bildirdi.
However, this was taken to the church in the water right now, residents evacuated and two under.
The rising waters stranded due to the authorities responsible for the neighborhood, Robby Miller said he saved 72 people and seven pets.
In the city opened shelters for people evacuated in Amit County and Hammond.
His own, "Waters will be allowed to return home when he started to withdraw," he said.
Tangipahoa, due to the rising waters in the city of Hammond Street was closed nearly two dozen homes and businesses and residents trying to keep away from the water is about to be taken by visors were submitted.
Lacy Lan executive responsible for the city, "We live in the last great flood was in March," he said.
This is a similar thing to happen.
In Mississippi, a steady rain in the Gulf Coast em-ex Lacy Rupert Harrison crash continued, he said.
On Tuesday for a few at home, but so far been released on Friday that the flood, said she did not notice anything in that direction.
Keith is better than both of them combined, the director of shopper in Amit value foods lived in this area for 40 years.
Is better than both of them combined "before I saw that there was water in places I've never been any water," he said and added "and still raining."
"His body riddled with bullets of the" six years old, she survived the attack Mahajan Brown, Philadelphia
This boy was shot in Philadelphia, the police in the city, explained in 6 years old, was shot in the second incident this week a 6-year-old boy.
CBS Philadelphia Mahajan Brown for his grandmother and grandfather identified him.
His grandmother and grandfather, leg, arm and abdomen, groin area in Brown's body parts were found on its way back to the hospital, including more than one firearm injury but was conscious, he said.
Her grandmother, Delores Melendez, "a lot of pain çekmiş, tiny body was riddled with bullets" to the station was found in a statement.
I can't believe it.
Boy was listed in critical condition in hospital and had some surgery and protected.
Family, to the station is expected to recover, he said.
It was going to be a first in the local primary school.
Brown, who was shot in the Germantown area was among four people.
Two men were shot at the age of 32 and 29, one or two.
CBS Philadelphia, on the status of one of the men in 29 years old, and the other two victims are critical if stable condition, said.
The 29-year-old, who are in critical condition, the station with one of the men was shot in the front seat of a car was reported.
The other two victims and police are investigating whether one of the wounded assailant was not in the car.
CBS Philadelphia detectives the assailant fired at each other, more than one might be armed, he said.
Assault weapons, the scene was full of bullet casings in the assault weapons belong to different style.
It looks like it's definitely a long-term conflict.
In the street and sidewalk was available on both sides.
This suggests that more than one armed assailant and both of them, "Philadelphia Police Commissioner Anthony Ginaldi said that active to the station.
More than one in the region and the house was damaged in the vehicle.
The police did not materialise, and examined security cameras, no arrests have been reported.
Again, in west Oak neighborhood on Tuesday with a six-year-old girl in front of his house with a stray bullet while playing the game got hit in the arm.
Police are still looking for a suspect and their healing process.
Simone, Gabby and why we need to Laurie
This year's women's Olympic gymnastics team and there's more than one reason that I put that name.
First, I joined the United States for the Summer Olympics since 1984 and all that wasn't as dominant as ever before.
Second: This team, different ethnic roots, to get a lot of girls have inspired child three gymnast owner: "Laurie" Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren Hernandez.
Aly Rais and Madison Koci team brought together by a Catholic, Jewish people do it proud.
The team at the end of a similar view, America is.
In the same time reinforcing in the presence of black and Hispanic women shown in the highest levels of this sport.
The first woman in the past four years, it was always an American gymnast African origin.
Last year, and Gabby, Simone was ranked 1 and 2.
This is a powerful thing.
In the last Olympics, America was a surprise Olympic Champion Gabby Douglas and supported him.
Now the world champion Simone Biles, Douglas, Laurie Hernandez and three world of gymnastics routines may have witnessed an extraordinary performance of the unexpected but ingenious.
On Thursday, the fourth consecutive gold medal winner in the overall assessment, Simone became American women.
And teammate Aly Rais won silver medals.
This is the best times of the sport, but we don't look that's the case throughout the country diagnosis courses in gymnastics.
Simone, Aly and Laurie and Gabby, Olympic teams to get the same way in Madison and watched.
"The last five," why they're only four in the next Olympic gymnastics team, and Marta Karol will be the last year that would be a gymnast's coach.
But really quite an expensive sport of gymnastics and parents, education, travel, hotel fees, uniform payseems gymnasts competition (for families, coaches and gymnasts) supported by private gym and a lot of wage work in the clubs.
It's a lot of these businesses can desteleyenlerin gymnastics clubs, taking part in wealthy suburban neighborhoods.
The only place for families, these clubs can get something gymnasts education requires a long-term commitment and something gymnasts and costly.
Simone Biles's coach Aimee Boorman gymnastics coach Maggie Haney, Laurie Hernandez and athletes in training since they started that day.
Simone, Gabby and countless more affordable and accessible to communities affected by Laurie for a young girl we don't allow gymnastics training.
I started my own gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago.
In the city of 15,000, in my organisations based in Harlem as a young man on a free and low-cost gym training we offered (first of all black and Hispanic) and we coached both national and international to the champions.
In September and young people who deserve the opportunity to take advantage of it, it's great to learn gymnastics Olympic sporunu quality education, we will expand to Detroit to present (where I grew up).
The body and mental strength, flexibility and coordination, gym, hard work, discipline and determination can develop in terms of features.
This combination of long-term benefits in terms of success in business school, health, and presents.
This team would be an inspiration to thousands of young girl, who will lead to the gym, and it's a great thing.
It's very important for participation in sports activities, especially girls.
It's really exciting times we're going through.
Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and the Olympic team gold medal to Madison as "the power of the girls" by bringing back a lot of young girls have different plans and they showed a young woman to be healthy, strong and successful direction thanks to their motivation.
Jeremy Hunt's rejection of the doctors then decided to continue strikes assistant
Ministers, British Medical Association union officials on the contract dispute after reaching an agreement developed with an end to the 37,000 who attended the Doctor's assistant, but was hoping for a vote, 58 per cent voted for refusal.
In July, Mr Hunt, the NHS staff and patients "isn't anyone's property" and more delays in the contract announced plans to implement sanctions hurt by the statement.
The first group, a physician's assistant for improving care outside normal hours on nights and weekends working practices, including changes in the new contract has fallen.
Dr Ellen McCourt, BMA Committee declared that the president's personal assistant doctors last night, said: "The doctors are still serious concerns about the proposed contract as assistant; This one especially current workforce crisis and all the doctors think trigger an equal attitudeis been adopted. "
The first doctor to the rest of the group's new contract just eight weeks and need to ensure progress in the process this time is running out.
BMA's dispute with the government's efforts to resolve to interact with and was greeted with deafening silence in the sales resistance in some cases.
Last month, Jeremy Hunt is always open the door to a development that would be seen, even though he has promised.
"Jeremy Hunt's move, now assistant to lift sanctions, and doctors need to listen to concerns."
Doctors, an assistant to do so, they are prepared to boost slowing job actions have voiced in a clear way.
In the last strike, which took place at the end of April, almost 13,000 routine procedure, doctors and nurses and consultants on the picket line instead of the 100,000 date was postponed, was forced to look at.
British Medical Association union, the ministers agreed on a contract dispute with officials after reaching serum-enhanced hoped it would blow over.
Last week in wages for a physician's assistant 54.000 agreement, BMA wants to improve.
Daniel Mortimer, assistant executive director of the NHS employers has urged doctors not to impose any strike.
Mr Mortimer said: "The strike won't solve anything, but for the massive staff and services under pressure by patients and their families, carers, discomfort and anxiety for causing trouble."
We continued our discussions with the committee for the past two months resident and the Ministry of Health and other officials and report concerns about the mission together with as much as we approached in a positive way.
Important issues, employers, education, education and careers - distribution costs, additional training, flexibility for those mutual understanding between the sexes in medical education curriculum, motivated about consent and communication regarding the salary difference may be as positive as the agreements reached with BMA in February and November, employers should be moved by the Ministry of Health and Medical training match, England has been a sign of how seriously he was hopeful about that.
The threat of a heart attack drug can cost £2 a day
Thousands of heart attack after he recommended that the authorities to more people for longer patient drug costs £2 a day who could benefit.
Ticagrelor, for people with heart conditions to prevent clotting yinelenen decreases the risk of crisis.
The drug for 12 months following a heart attack or stroke, and to reduce the risk of another crisis was given.
The NHS to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems, many observers, this suggested that more people over the past four years.
The NHS to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems, but now, many observers it suggested that more people for four years.
Around 140,000 people in England every year to have a heart attack or stroke and spends one in four of them in another attack.
Why fat accumulate in the walls of arteries, heart attacks, and paralysis of creation is the record.
If it is going to the heart and blood clot blocking blood, the record, that's why it can cause a heart attack.
If a clot blocking blood flow to brain blood flow in and out of place in the case of a stroke.
He had a higher risk of a crisis before another attack.
The United Kingdom company created by the trade name Brilique by junior, which reduces the risk by reducing the possibility of a clot that ticagrelor.
The draft guidance published today, given how many people in 12 months later for three years and 90 milligrams of ticagrelor with aspirin proposes to implement 60 mg twice a day.
Professor Carole Longson, NICE Health Technology Evaluation Centre director has spoken with them in "Effective secondary prevention treatments available, in spite of a heart attack who one in four more of a heart attack or stroke and usually results in this is devastating."
New fear a recurrence of quality of life, can create quite a negative effect on people.
Evidence of a heart attack before, with aspirin ticagrelorun yinelenen heart attack and stroke risk reduction is effective in people who are spending on the show.
Hundreds of thousands of people waiting to take advantage of temporarily ticagrelorun proposing sunulan treatment options, that we're pleased to be increased.
Ticagrelorun effectiveness and safety information about the risk of bleeding in three years, since it was about to be limited - musrifun - in this era, and there is no suggestion the draft guidelines on treatment.
PC culture in Muslim areas increased corruption, vote
Former Tower Hamlets mayor lot Rahman, the government last year after the report has been suspended from duty due to corruption
Today, as demonstrated by the government's political correctness culture, Muslim communities in the devastating report in a wide range of corruption is caused to the vote was ignored.
The former cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles, "the extreme sensitivity about religion and ethnicity" due to the police and the Observer that the election, due to the election to be ignored evidence abuse scolded city hall.
Former Secretary of community and today's anti-corruption tsar, voters in such a bad level on religious grounds to protect voters should be allowed to vote for the police pull out of cabinets mediosa Lane said.
At the time, they're voting for voters to prove their identity into account in their sides offered their identities.
Voters in the current situation, it's enough to say his name and address.
The report during the voting process to prevent people voting twice chased down a permanent ink vermesinin finger öneriyor.
Sir Eric, to be protected in a better way of the report said.
Board papers or working groups and their own, unofficial committees to ensure better access to the press, has called for the decisions.
"This is only election fraud safeguard against the same time, not local government and financial fraud and corruption go hand in hand with that aims to protect culture," he said.
The report of Tower Hamlets in east London, and then vote on the scandal of Downing Street has been prepared.
Last year, after a special election court, the mayor lot Rahman's corruption and illegal practices yinelenen görevden alınma yönünde decided.
Muslim community, the court the all-beneficent religious feelings and that charges of racism and Islamophobia "shamelessly abused" his critics detected.
The all-beneficent "campaign was conducted by a religious mission, based on the Muslim faith vermesinin voted for him as a" statement said.
The suspect or a fake ID, so no more use of the game to more than 300 like it was the result of using the vote.
Sir Eric, evidence that there is evidence of fraud across the country, he said.
He was warned about corruption in voting by mail, especially the older members of the Muslim community - here in the direction of their own choosing voting on the island was claimed that pressure.
Sir Eric, who is about to prove the voting system should be held in the form of ID with them, including suggestions for some
The report contains the following statements: "Some ethnic minority groups of women at the beginning and young people, including precious members especially Pakistan and Bangladesh origin in communities the elderly will fit under pressure to vote for evidence of attempts have been obtained.
"The state institutions, ethnicity and religion against extreme sensitivity based on" political correctness "that was due to existing concerns that ignore this kind of behavior."
Sir Eric, "the vote" in order to receive mail, including political activists blocked voting papers in the way the system for regulating 50 proposal process.
Theresa May, in the same time the index report surveyed by immigration and social help to prevent election fraud have been calling for tighter controls to be used as a record in either direction.
Voters show ID before voting ever set to consider alternatives.
Any of your fingers to prevent implementation of the vote after vote two times vermesinin permanent ink.
Conducting systematic checks on people to vote for identifying high priest of conformity with Nat.
The demand for three years of restrictions on use of automatic implementation of the vote by mail.
Political campaign in the mail and postal votes sent by officials and activists buys your paper of the vote sent the complete ban.
The police perimeter around voting booths, mandate.
in 1983 as part of the law to change the law to facilitate public representation of scaring people.
Photo voting booths to be made illegal.
Voting booths in English conditions (except Wales), still only ever set.
Voters in the cabinet, strengthening rule of the education he received that sanction staff alone.
Sir Eric, Tower Hamlets in case any charges, saying it was "interesting" not fiercely criticised the police department.
"The court the election, lot Rahman and representative for yinelenen corruption and illegal activity toaccusehis decided there's no place in the direction," he said.
Beyond a reasonable doubt - with a series of criminal evidence - based on the nature of the reason he was found guilty.
In the same time, departments that weren't effective in his own choice of City Hall also criticised "marking control box" recording.
Sir Eric added: "The court's decision last year's Tower Hamlets was a warning alarm.
The mother of parliaments have to create pride in our nation, if this alarming proliferation and that's good reputation of the secret election corruption and some institutions may cause damage.
Rio Olympics to be crazy for the likes of Kate and other famous bicycleman similar Oyuncularının
This week, the 2016 Olympics in Rio that Pauline Ferrand Prevot, fascinating way to Cambridge for French bicycleman looks like fans went berserk.
But the 24-year-old Olympic athlete to win the gold medal this summer with celebrities, athletes, not only drew attention to the fighting at least think that social media.
That's why we saw on our screens, and all the famous feature of Rio Games, Olympic athletes, FEMA looks beyond them to a list of Hollywood hotshots resemble hazırladı.
Hunter and Wolf: A member of the United States men's archery team since childhood, compared with Brady Ellison (left), Leonardo DiCaprio
In addition to Kate's bike on the floor, already a lot of people in the online environment could be like as twins showed Archer to Leonardo DiCaprio.
The United States men's archery team member Brady Ellison, film star after photos emerged showing the resemblance sharkslayer money shook up Twitter.
And on social media since her childhood to realize that this madness okçu in which he confessed to being like Leo.
Huffington Post, Brady said: "I don't think it's a very strong resemblance, except my hair and beard."
"A handsome man himself, so I think it's a compliment."
Indeed, one of the most popular comparisons this year's London 2012 and more attention that there's another similarity: British long jump athlete Greg Rutherford's popular actor Neil Patrick Harris' incredible resemblance.
Aliya Mustafa, the Russian gymnast eyes big and meaningful one-on-one with the American artist of Cuban descent were similar to Gloria Estefan's statement said.
South African swimmer Cameron Van Der Burgh in the pool for years, and Glee star Matthew Morrison, likened the.
Change: This user, "an athletic version of" suggest that there is the first movie star Nathan
Tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett and bushy eyebrows are her lips for a long time because of similarities comparing each other.
The same with the skin of bronze and silver medalist swimmer ekibinin Russia Annalynn To McCord, actress, while Nathan Adrian of the U.S. team's fans have yellow hair "reminiscent of Joseph Levitt Gorgon athletic version of" he says.
Tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo (left) and Dexter star Jennifer Carpenter (right), which the shape of a face and eyes
It's not alone: A Twitter user, and other people are very pleased to notice the resemblance
One theory in the air: This user thinks it might be a reason behind this is similar in appearance, the couple
"The rest of the internet in a Twitter user, Jennifer Carpenter, Hope Solo, and don't think you're like twins" carried this happiness about the site.
The actress who plays Dexter in real football star, and the United States have similar features in the face and eyes.
Kerri Walsh Jennings actress Laura Linney's other popular comparisons between each other with another gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas, who is almost the same smile and Gabrielle Union smiles big movie star's youth with similar fire take place.
Chinese swimmer's "dead like a pig" comment on CBC, the Olympic announcer apologized for
Ai side of Byron MacDonald's 14-year-old 4x200 free in the race on Wednesday, CBC's analysis that I live Olympic broadcast fourth place followers were outraged
Canadian broadcaster CBC announcers, one of the woman at the age of 14 Chinese swimmer's "gone away like a bad smell" and was forced to apologize for comments that "dead like a pig" in the race.
In the final women's 4x200 free relay anchor Byron MacDonald, I think it was closed when it was Mike on their own ideas to explain.
CBC's anchor team, including the words "color" is about to add that there was the MacDonald: "The 14-year-old Chinese frelled little heavy, baby."
It was too excited, like a bad smell was washed away and he died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Ai side of China's second leg with the relay swimmer (14), by finishing second behind the Canadians by Canadian süreyle 1:57.79 Taylor rack made the difference between current can close with China.
Canadian viewers, tone and language used by surprise, after he was due to swift action
Emmett Macfarlane "CBC announcer just a 14 year-old swimmer died like a pig," What did he say???? she tweeted in a way.
Değildi.' realize budalo, still on the air
Chinese AI side 4 x 200 free relay race in this way, I identified: "The little 14-year-oid frelled Chinese heavy, baby."
It's pretty hard and fast on Twitter in the report was published in Nature, and many of them was Byron MacDonald about himself
Twitter users couldn't help themselves when he was so insensitive, Byron MacDonald
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis, wrote: # 'Vay ByronMacDonald.
CBC, and Canada, it makes it look like you're racist and represents all of us. # midebulantısı.
MacDonald, CBC's broadcast shortly after Scott Russell, who apologized for comments with these words: "We apologize for the comment on the air with a swimming race."
These are really unfortunate for such incidents, was chosen words üzgünüz.'
At least 90 times more people who tweet in response to comments from CBC, was forced to apologize
Another reporter Russell, Scott, who is forced to apologize on behalf of MacDonald's
CBC later Margaret MacDonald's comments over 90 complaints about Twitter users copied and pasted that apology
Ahyee, just released a statement by apologizing quickly.
These statements are made on the air and we would like to express our remorse about having given the close.
Last night, our audience in on social media, broadcast, we apologized rapidly from our followers.
We want to explain the performance was not about personality, Byron, swimmer's comments.
However, these are highly inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words was extremely upset and they said Byron.
On Thursday afternoon, and apologized, saying he did not want to make a personal attack on Macdonald yayında attempted to defend those words.
In his own Olympic broadcast, CBC's "last night women, and I want to apologize for a comment I've done in a relay race," he said.
"I was referring to swimmer's personality, not performance."
"Needless to say, I didn't mean any disrespect and I'm so sorry."
He got mad at her place in the middle of the store, bonus customer who recklessly in underwear
Bonus customers in the middle of a woman in the shop floor to try on clothes, underwear when he didn't know what to do.
Worse, she's looked at how he looks at himself, and put it on the shelf again.
And then kept looking at the mall tried four pairs of underwear Bouvier place in Folkestone.
Woman tried to put into place new shopping centre in Folkestone before bonus store, located in the panties was Bouvier place
Jenny Davidson, mother of two young children in the store at the time of the mystery woman's underwear after trying "to get dressed again and anything out of store," he said.
He added: "People couldn't believe his eyes."
He stood in the middle of the store and a pair of panties and pantyhose worn by removing his pants, took over from the window.
"To do it all with disrespect, didn't try to call a special place in the middle of it."
"Panty çıkarırken everybody was staring at him, don't like because it appears he was again put on the shelf and panties."
Until you decide you don't like anything more out of the store and tried to merge three laundry again later.
"Kendisini viewers don't care if he didn't seem to be in trying to buy later and didn't think people on panties."
Miss Davidson (33), who lives in Kent Town, said: "Someone else's giydiği, isn't going to go home a pair of panties and to think of how disgusting."
This incident took place Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "Staff after he left his clothes and I think he got out of the sale which is a good situation."
"A new underwear and I went home, my panties someone else's and çıkardığını and washed me really think he would be a lot of bad."
A bonus spokesman said: "Bonus, August 9 is well aware of the incident that took place in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday."
The product, sales have been lifted.
Krav Maga, how can you possibly protect yourself against attacks armed with
Quite the outside world more dangerous, but this video can help you're safe sunduğu of Dailymail.com.
The head at close range to find out how armed suspects can be based in New York we spoke to the head master Rhonnie Mizrachi Krav Maga Federation.
Would you like, no matter how the situation, this video from the front approaching from behind against the robber, want to turn to.
Mizrachi, in the first thing you need to and from behind, you were aggressive and you see your face "to evacuate the line of fire," he says.
Later in the shoulder with a gun in front of you holding your arm off in the face with your elbow in the meantime, you will be.
The attacker then threw him in the groin and knee pain in your hand at this stage, turning the gun will be doubled, then turned the gun from him and get back with a gun to shoot himself in the face of the way he'll be up there.
As armed men in front of a similar technique applies; The assailant's body in ways he could not fire a gun and pulling the line of fire encompasser you turn it over.
In the same time, your weight by giving a gun to his attacker by punching a gun pointed at him from the chest area and take you back from him turning the gun.
It sounds tricky coming?
Mizrachi's eyes to see how you're doing this video of the horse.
But remember: Krav Maga, if you're not a master of the safest way to avoid every robbery would be to give to your money.
Europe's dirtiest places on your tongue for the traveler took iteninary Ian Wright
British explorer, Europe's most dirty and disgusting places licking some of the immune system and a serious test gag reflex geçirdi.
Ian Wright, a travel writer and host immune system to prove the power of language Suffolk (51), a euro banknote, a train toilet flush button and the rail, a piccadily circus in Russia took a pay phone.
Every object and to show us what kind of work for him before he was involved in a hand-licker lüminometre used it.
But the experiment will be transformed into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, some surprising results.
The flush button on a train used by thousands of people have a lot more in the kitchen sink hand-licker düşüncesi extremely disgusting actually, the bad bacteria.
Mr. Wright, the trip in Europe for health and medical experts met with doctors about increased bacteria and stomach.
What if that did not create anything except for a bad taste left in his mouth in licking effect.
Mr. Wright, and test the resilience of the stomach by eating weird and wonderful things around the world recognized.
Train stations in the toilet flush buttons on this mission in December, a wide general railings, definitely tested the immune system
He said that in the movie made about it: "Since my childhood my health too much attention to one that I didn't and soil, water and muddy so I put it in my mouth a lot of things creep."
A certain way and that's why fame for the duration of the film proved that.
The only thing a filthy public toilet in Russia, was rejected.
Swab samples showed the exocomp 4000 lüminometre count on.
By comparison, if you have to be done freshly washed hands 60's supposed to be under this issue.
But while the exocomp under 60 in the hands of 4,000 new brain-jacked lüminometre count when it was a public toilet on a Russian refused to eat
Mr. Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio, the number of bacteria in different places, like the bathroom of the trip's guide to inner strength, called the lickhiker filminin produced
He also said that the movie: "This is close to being one of the worst things I have ever smelled in a toilet."
It's more of a dirty thing ever!
I'm not going to eat anything as disgusting in there.
The Finnish dairy producer Valio, lickhiker's guide to inner strength, with prepared together.
Mr. Wright, the company, as well as strengthening the immune system that helps stomach bacteria and lactic acid bacteria containing vitamins C and D Valio, Gefilus made.
New Department of Water and snacks, fruit Valio, senior vice president said that Niko Vuorenmaa categories: "We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
In the same time to explain the benefits of probiotics and impressive to watch something.
"Come on let's call Ian" showed up at the end of the idea of a lot of crazy brainstorming we did.
They claim the interest in becoming a global phenomenon in terms of health stomach
Only instead of talking about the products we wanted to put up a much larger products; a daily basis in our environment, health and immune system that is good and bad bacteria linked to stomach it.
Stomach becoming a global phenomenon with interest in this documentary about the health and consumers more information about this situation as we can give an intriguing way.
The film in the same time, I think it shows we have a great sense of humor.
Film directed by Tom Hakala, added: "Let me put it this way. Ian, lick, lick the toilet in the movie, like the disgusting things I wanted was respect for him kaybederdim.' Russian
While it's easy for Ian to lick things naturally, some of them are quite difficult.
We recorded some of this dirty hand-licker mutluyum.' for actions
Valio, In 2015, 84 percent of respondents in a poll conducted by the stomach bacteria and lactic acid lactic acid bacteria associated with health, and 58 per cent intermittent use of products containing at least, he said.
Saltash, Cornwall, in the first family shitkickers tahliye destroyed social residence
On the grounds that they were scared his neighbours, family social housing in a shitkickers tahliye left £50.000 worth of damage.
And his wife Tanya Skeldon, Saltash in Cornwall and a lot of complaints in Shaun Trebilcock was thrown from the residence rights.
Forced out of the property was removed from the housing association property, they were surprised by the authorities almost irreparable.
There were big holes in walls, floorboards and walls were stripped, yerlere çöpler saçılmış graffiti written.
He was suspended from the residence and private accommodation options are now believed to be taken advantage of their family
Cornwall housing manager Donna McEvoy, be that you're afraid of the housing situation, he said.
He added: This, it's a nightmare for the people here and I think people should not be forced to live in this way.
There's a lot to be reckoned with because it's now known as a part of Cornwall property that weren't very nice.
This is a bad reputation in the names of family and a bad reputation.
Call the family had three sons and family living on the property, according to the police with a baseball bat in the street, nearby residents to fight drug dealing and drug abuse, intimidation, and a lot of frightening behaviour, the debate including extreme bağırması unfaith adopted.
In June, called on the lease for the decision was made (47) Skeldon antisocial behavior.
A lot of room to fall in the house was found some old junk
The floorboards of the property where the drugs were removed from sale in the past
Often they're fighting in the street and saw the police were called to neighbours.
Cornwall housing, for 11 weeks time to move voluntarily extended as this week after knowing him and his wife was forcibly evacuated from the property.
Neighbors relieved by the evacuation of their lives, who was welcomed back into a nightmare.
One said: "They don't care about anybody," he said.
We live side by side with them for 20 years and it's always bad.
Here, you can't believe how many times we say we've seen the police.
"This morning, we couldn't sleep."
We woke up because it's very quiet; We're not used to it.
They're finally gone, now it's gonna be great.
Cornwall family's neighbourhood enforcement officer that he didn't cooperate with Fitzpatrick, the local Housing administration, he said.
Family was living in this house for 20 years and often it was called the police property.
Garbage covered with plants and was thrown out old toys on the side of social housing
He added: She and her family about tahliye'kiracının really embarrassing me any responsibility. As always the option of applying for Housing Cornwall has been released.
In a higher level of behaviour and actions are a very difficult because it is scary to me testify at the level of the case.
Devon and Cornwall police forces, my team and members of the community stepped up efforts to give information to us quite bravely, I appreciate it.
This development as a message of tolerance to a certain amount of the neighbors to relax and I'm hoping to make it clear will not be shown antisocial behavior.
Mr. Fitzpatrick, who lives on the property at different times, but it was their three sons in their 20s, he said.
In one of the bedrooms in the house was left in place and then released a dirty mattress
Housing workers will need to clean up piles of garbage surrounding the house
70 grams, in 2014 by the police, special effects on property and found cannabis, Scales £1700 cash.
Class B drug possession with intent to sell Skeldon, fined after admitting his guilt.
Son who died in a car accident in 2013, the money to buy a headstone Lee Skeldon claimed to use it.
Now, after a private residence in Plymouth and his wife Tanya were left homeless when Roger.
There were a lot of the walls of graffiti in the house.
They will move the tenants who rent in the direction of the rules, the police to evacuate
Devon and Cornwall police forces evacuation of the other tenants who continue to break the rules for Angela Crow, a warning, he said.
His own, "This is, any with Ithaca encounter can behave as they want and it's going to waste a message for those who think his behavior," he said.
Devon and Cornwall Community Police Force, which will continue to work together with partners to protect crime and antisocial behaviour will not tolerate never.
Military aircraft flying low just above the beach as horrified tourists in Portugal
Had the shock of their lives in Aveiro, Portugal, güneşlenen tourists
Portuguese air force P 3C Orion plane made a extremely hedgehopping
The Air Force flight training, but he insisted on that said, was no safety risk
Low-flying jet full of tourists started to panic right now, it's when you go over the beach.
Dramatic video in Aveiro in Portugal who sunbathe on the sand in the north, where military aircraft approaching the level of contact if they're görülüyor.
Vacationers can't see what is coming towards them from the clouds of concern about what they heard the noise created by jet engines clearly walked upright.
The incident occurred at Costa Nova near Aveiro, yesterday afternoon.
Dramatic video shared on social media, which is one of the flight a few resort close to Daniel Fernandes said: "Twice really low and it seemed like it's been about to crash at some point."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was surfing and I swear I felt like I was going to fall on the plane."
The tourists on the beach in Aveiro, from the darkness, he was horrified when the plane flying extremely low altitude
The Air Force P 3C Orion plane pilot the fishing boats off the coast of Portugal, today was the only way to control them in flight training to identify and have to go so low that it was announced.
Poor visibility due to extinguish the fire, smoke from nearby power from the air force jet was flying lower than normal but he insisted on not anyone in danger, police said.
This summer, in certain parts of mainland Portugal extinguish fires that destroyed power and caused the death of four people on the island of Madeira, quite.
Today the Air Force pilot's view, Portugal (caused by smoke from fires and extinguish the dense fog) due to conditions that make it difficult hedgehopping said it should
The plane was in the fishing boats from the pilot and flight training as part of the exercise was to be wanted recognition
London student who attended the girl, was killed in Syria to ISIS
Last year, one of three British schoolgirls from London to join ISIS to floor Sultana's who he was pronounced dead in Syria.
Family lawyer I tasnie the battery, a few weeks ago, had received information about the death of Raqqa in Syria, he said.
ITV News reported on Thursday of a Russian air strike in Raqqa in the country's powerful bölgesine kendisinin group presumed dead.
Sultana, 17 years old and his family to go back to Britain, according to the war-torn country while plans for an escape and died.
The battery "this situation, for others a tombstone and the will as the conflict zones to really risky emphasize the people and we hope to break up the courage to do in this election issue."
Sultana in February 2015 and two girls from east London student on a plane to Turkey and then rode a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told she was widowed and married an Isis fighter in Syria within months.
Clinton's election as Supreme Court nominee Garland from Reid, then he said
In the Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, the Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's election to the High Court Judge Merrick Garland Show, then the president believes that candidate, he said.
Republicans in the Senate, President Barack Obama nominated Garland in March was to prevent him from the moment since this process of ratification.
The Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, former High Court judge Antonin Scalia's place to pick someone to buy the new president, he said.
In a video of Clinton's speech on Thursday, Reid, Garland and believes that "the reasons for that" it is to choose, he said.
A spokesman for Garland, Reid, speaking on behalf of himself and later showed them directly about the speculation and talked with candidate Clinton said.
He praised Clinton's team by choosing Garland, and you don't want a new "the current situation bozmak" he said.
The United States Court of Appeals Chief Judge Garland, the State of Columbia.
Reid, to be shown to the Republicans blocking Garland's candidate, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's "minions" and "bullets" were meant to be.
Trump's unfit for duty, he said.
Treats, "for women as well as for men," he said he was in favour of a naked calendar
Treats Magazine, about to publish a calendar from 2017, the late 1970s for inspiration with photographer David to memory littletoo get ready pireili working together.
But instead of naked and famous people, they're trying to find a new generation of top models for calendar 2017 NU muses.
Steve Shaw, president of treats magazine earlier this year, because that's the high rate of nudity in Playboy is different from the old "Playboy was for men," he said.
I'm doing that for women.
Obviously believe that the calendar.
With Shaw, in the press release about "like men, women in the female body these images easily as a source of inspiration that doesn't look, we need to go back to classic fashion for nudity," he said.
This is a beautiful piece of art, women want to be a part of the project.
Models send a picture online and in New York or Los Angeles to join negotiations open.
Vinyl destination: Who really buy records?
Love vinyl, middle-aged men alone.
Under the pseudonym tümyalnızortayaşlıerkekleröyledeğil muhteşem insults in the comment section to make this statement is based on the facts before you go, let us sing.
According to YouGov, a physical object has created a lot of talk about records going back to last about innovation, not a result of the Y generation nostalgia in middle age.
Vinyl album recently purchased mostly between the ages of 45 and 54.
In fact, the most unlikely 18-24 age group.
It's not just in the same time, collecting and action enthusiasts; An emotional significance; Old vinyl buyers, likes to hide your feelings to yourself more often (56% and 53%) and the joy of being alone (69% and 66%) people.
YouGov's results and, right?
A report published on this blog, TV cameras were on a crowded street in Soho, a gray suit, walking with a modest gesture before and after opening, while performing and keep my hands used to watch something like this authoritarian said: "Let's take a look at that time."
Then, let's take a look.
The centre of Soho while slowly lose the magic and unusual (once upon a time when independent dealers are now filled with buildings, hotels and paperchases eats, pretensa) is still a few specialist record store.
For the next part of a camera, I'd probably want him to stop The men standing near some of those stores in different ages and I was trying to make information through observation about emotional situations.
Sister Ray (census data: Three middle-aged men, two young women) to Reckless Records (census data: A woman, probably eight middle-aged man in his 20s) ettiğim Glaswegian Stuart (55), followed a meeting in London and spend the afternoon for a few hours browsing the shops to fill empty.
I'm asking for a collector.
"I think I am," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 record.
Official records that will take place in Up (official emailed me, I didn't follow him sent home) adorns the walls of the living room.
This is partly why the collection, single and album in as many as a result of disposable income; Now they were young and broke records when he first came back in time and money can buy can't afford.
"The most of the things I'm the '60s the' 70s stuff that comes out at the age of 11 or 12, I'd rather head; What I'm too young to have, "he says.
Areas likely to be introverted people who like being alone, buying a record high and agree with the idea that, he adds: "I don't smoke, I don't take too much alcohol.
That's my bad habit.
Sister Ray (25) and fits the profile of clients who works at many of them think weze evermet YouGov.
But he had formed a new wave, the hype in the media, fashion is affected by this coming back, you need to buy back old records of people who have noticed it.
I did in 1998 or 1999 people in normal collections görüşmelerde, elinden çıkardığını anladım.
Before buying CDs for selling CDs for customers to buy back Vin selling records anymore, "he says.
This is a certain age who can explain an increase in people's vinyl again.
What about those alleged emotional matter?
In a shop in stores like the phone records similar to a few seconds to realize that it'll be a comfort of a group of people buying it.
Some older customers, according to students, especially offended weze payment system.
Memories of new vinyl fans, some of the digital world overwhelmed calm and stability, he may want to take refuge in familiar cap record of youth.
Weze says; "Sometimes that's why things can be seen as a kind of comfort or material to fill the void."
I've got this, and a lot of people that I'm a collector myself, I think it's in.
This is an easy way to fill your head.
A study out of a mountain of records "social workers we're like" friend says.
A poll conducted in April, 50% of the areas of the vinyl album last month revealed that you don't listen to the album yet.
In the same time, the survey, 41% and 7 per cent of a pickup truck and never use that wasn't even buy vinyl record player emerged.
You know, probably through a series of bossa nova tune at this stage extremely worried when I'd put on a view.
Back in the direction this Sounds of Universe "reward" (census data: Three middle-aged man) who has been spotted by an element of Jonny (42).
"Someone recently came to me and said: "Record player, I don't have to put the record, but I want to buy a Radiohead shelf" "he said.
It's a big percentage reflects the current situation is definitely not represented.
More product, less music.
There are people who said: "I don't have a record player."
These are the elderly, young people, not those who enter new to the point is that, in his mid to late teens.
Now almost an entire floor of the FOP extrapate vinyl for the mass when I got to see that I'm pretty variable.
tourists taking pictures in the Seventies, middle-aged women, boys and young couples there.
The atmosphere of the above mentioned stores (part of the end of the wild beast) from the speakers if, instead of jazz and pop sex less chilloot sakinleştirici yayılıyor between customers in good to see diversity.
But none of them for long periods of time alone with someone doesn't seem particularly bothered by 30 seconds to analyze psychological trauma.
Elano, on sale for a few minutes walking around in FOP (27) and reviewing records.
Instead of spending only went to go window-shopping.
He says he didn't do much of his record collection isn't an option.
Too much cost.
A computer or in other ways, but it's easier to listen to music that vinyl beauty. " With a sigh like a lovesick uzaklaşıyor.
I don't know how to explain it, really unique.
My final stop, their passion has inspired a new generation of vinyl store, said: Urban Outfitters.
A father and a daughter studying jeans while pretending to buy Crosley record player in the debate about the cameras for a while ago, I've been observing a bunch of young girls gathered around plaroid.
Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Adele, left in a stairwell filled with Fleetwood Mac's records. nothing if not for the average collection records; a mixture of modern and classics.
Nobody's looking. Maybe it's because these are just for decoration, some as high as the touch.
This is "an artistic vinyl."
The wonder of this stuff, but the industry could mean less customer and make more money to send derinliklerine Soho; to complain about much else.
More than a demographic group, which has a lot of time and money to spend more money, it's not surprising more luxury items like vinyl.
YouGov's findings, but I'm at least in the right shows the results of Soho record shops. In reality, with more than a woman found in vinyl record collectors and enthusiasts in stores or online forums, they don't take into account.
These individuals, or in the office in muhtemelen okul has been working hard.
These people in Berwick Street in record stores visited by examining records definitely Thursday evenings, middle-aged men looking over their shoulders and doesn't know anything about a fake TV host in the eyes of the 30 year-old elope-y don't.
Greenland shark, the longest lasting backboned animals living in the world news - video
The Greenland shark, scientists have long lifetime, said that between vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, sharks and activities on the record between the ages of five feet in length, it is believed to be 272 512 expressed belong to a female
French court rejected the offer in the jungle refugee camp, in the direction of collapse
A court in France, thousands of refugees living in Calais jungle camp and destroyed dozens of makeshift store officials rejected the offer for the restaurant.
The Court of the camp in Calais this week, officials in the rare, the government sold the product of a lot of energy drinks, cigarettes or 50 cents (40p) did a few euros for a haircut or a cup of tea in exchange for a total of 72 makeshift store selling basic food need to bring down argued.
They created a parallel economy of Calais, the governor's office about unpaid taxes and need to bring down these places because they contain the fire risk and hygine argued.
Humanitarian groups and organisations supported by the state is vital to the court, the store, restaurants and other groups in the camp is not enough food for free to offer increased population explained.
Makeshift shops and restaurants, often providing free food and shelter to those in need, they argued.
A court in Lille, 72, who runs the store, but it's not a legal basis for any of the makeshift deportation and concerns of the governor of Calais was "completely understandable," he said.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla, grocery stores, cafes and restaurants to feed the people who live more than just "extremely dangerous conditions" for a big role, he said.
Points for refugees and volunteers, these areas provide comfortable meeting, he said.
The sites in danger of collapse, one of the Jungle Book, a non-profit for children and 200 meals every day, offering French lessons in English, the café here and giving hundreds of underage refugees are given advice about asylum, in the camp.
of 170,000 people signed a petition to protect the cafe, on this one is for children.
The shutdown, in a letter sent to the Guardian that "some people will be a disaster for these boys are the only eight years old" statement said.
L 'Auberge des Migrants charity help refugees, and two of the jungle camp in the summer period, on Friday, after the return of the population in (the highest ever number) came out on top of 9,000 predicted.
Fiji rugby sevens gold in the class, skill and a silver medal in the Championship, mostly in Britain
Great Britain at the Championship on Thursday, with the Fiji Rugby 7's impressive progress in the Deodoro stadium in Rio after the final ended in defeat, 43 7.
The gold medal for the first Olympic medal Fiji, of all colors to side step, pass and run lines, support, grip strength, muscle skills gave about class.
Then, it's not a bad defeat in the third day as a consolation prize, Britain and New Zealand defeated South Africa and Argentina took the silver medal, they can be proud of their efforts in the tournament's opening Olympic 7 now.
At the beginning of the day they beat South Africa 7-5 in the semi-finals by crushing, and then he may have found them in the final team.
But it's as fit as a team of 15, with even a Fiji was edible.
Maybe it is believed that a lot of Great Britain not to wear a gold medal can at least one britannians comfort thinking about tomorrow: Fiji coach Ben Ryan, from Wimbledon, the head of English.
This was a pretty tough journey for Great Britain.
Eight years ago, when they lost every game with Ryan in the Championship Adelaide sevens.
This time, they lost only one.
It's really hurtful if progress shown in the rout was astounding.
Fiji, charming, Great Britain, made a start to the ball deflected off players through initiatives like it.
This is for the team Captain Tom Mitchell and the World Series champions, it was like running a series of moving between the bus and started to move around the corner in operating system. kolinisao 5-0 lead.
Jerry Tuwul Is, right wing of the fourth minute with another curve ball came across.
If they couldn't touch the ball where it was 12 0 and Great Britain in the game more.
Leone Nakarawa to Mitchell's great, but it's just a third of the intervention prevented what happened to delay the number of Fiji.
Jasa Veremalua scored from the right in the seventh minute, and Great Britain fell behind 17 0.
The first half, with just a minute left, while a number coming from the beginning Nakarawa did more.
Vatemo ravouvou, Great Britain by going through some tough interventions later flew to the line for a number.
That number reached 29 0, with the score at halftime.
Great Britain set for a team to play in the Championship, while 7 of Fiji yet it was like trying to learn the basics.
This situation is more or less.
Great Britain made big changes at halftime and closed Fiji threshold; This is the first half was a good development for four minutes until Jos Tuisova, according to the perfect game until the stage with Fiji.
Norton, from the left corner to score a try for Great Britain has been found and tried to do if the fans of Game 36 7 singing, dancing and waving the flag in the South Sea the island in hand.
It was really hard not to hear cheerful admiration from beginning to end Fiji's approach.
That doesn't need to dress it up in the last minute additions to the end game, MAA Vili worshipped on Fiji too.
When the whistle blows in the form of Great Britain in the dressing room and started celebrating Fiji plastered on their way.
At the beginning of the day in the semi-final, Great Britain, Japan, Fiji defeated twenty five with a tough semi-final match against South Africa came; Britain has taken the lead with a single.
South African team in the first half, Kyle Brown, although the front foot in the second half with Norton of dizzying movement that has taken the lead in numbers.
England's first great victory, which took place on the 15th and a silver medal with Anthony's brother Marcus Watson's intervention is assured.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, taking inspiration from the coaches ran to victory in the fight against cancer
A gold medal in these games won't be more emotional, and this is an important meaning.
The first move after Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, until the last one's breath in 220 punishment estacio won gold at Lago at the moment, when they realized he could be more meaningful.
As much as two people who have had three voices on the boat oars. This kind of a pair of women in the race this year in England to back-to-back Olympic medals as the first women to reach their second gold in the process was sound in a boat s-sounds ilerlediği trainers of Robin Williams.
Handlers oldukça açıktı; It's their unprecedented series of invincibility was 39, the race.
We in this image on the surface we see two great athletes soaring swan elegance and does not reflect the precise nature of victory.
This difference that incremental gains, gold medal in every shovel back to 30 months ago, a battalion of hands and have no hand in the coaches who don't know if he survives long enough to this day was diagnosed with cancer, was not as effective.
They touched as he said, and they're gone.
I got caught, and they did this type of bladder cancer surgery to intervene.
If they don't do that, it goes everywhere.
This would be a pretty bad situation.
It's a little bit, changing your perspective on life.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
In early 2014, in the off-season, he could start treatment for a three-way in situations like this would be an accurate statement was very lucky, you never know what it's the only way to minimise distraction land.
That's why I was supposed to take to recover as fast as I had to pay.
This was an incentive for me.
I was in hospital after they said it was enough to take a few steps in the garden and 6, 9, 15 meters I was walking.
It started in this way.
But it's a journey on your own paddle her a little more growth.
Victory over the top concerns for their own minds after more than usual, which has suffered a nervous Williams, who was in the morning.
At the Royal Artillery Association and is the captain went to Afghanistan before bulunan Stanning, "this week emotionally I was devastated, maybe that's a bit extreme, but really it means a lot," he said.
This is what that means to me and Helen, once again how hard he works for me and Robin vurguluyor.
Helen and Robin and great, I spent three years.
That's why we wouldn't be Robin we weren't the world's best coach I want to thank him for being the biggest.
A better person to work or I wouldn't have a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning lost the race for five years.
In a difficult situation can bilateral, opponents have rhythm.
New Zealand and Denmark closed Stanning and Glover's power teams in the last 500 meters herwhatever genius had fallen out of yet.
That moment, we lost ourselves.
Watch Helen izle' process, called the process.
It's really important not to go in.
We had a good start and we weren't trying to do something incredible.
We weren't expecting the fireworks to start today, we just want to win the race row when we were good that we did that.
Decide what to do in the future of bilateral, a year before going to take a break.
Glover, there's a wedding to attend next month. TV adventurer Steve Backshall and he's wedding.
For now, just want to enjoy this moment.
I didn't want to say that I had my last race.
This was to create a lot of pressure.
I don't know I'm an Olympic champion in London took me six months.
This was so new and I was very stressed.
Here, it's about four minutes.
This is a much better feeling, "he said.
Los Angeles Central Library, a chance to watch from the front row's stunning architecture
In the city's Central Library, get more information about the past; The authors of the book that Arnold Schwartzman and architectural historians of Southern California with at a meeting held by Stephen Gee / katılın: "Los Angeles Central Library: Art and architectural history. "
Bertram Goodhue, as well as of 1926, Gee, and Schwartzman made by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates 1993 renovation and design to integrate and share visual discussions planned.
Wilshire Boulevard in Southwestern Law School, the Art Deco bulunan 3050 (formerly Bullock Wilshire) 14. 00 - 16.00 between the hours will be open on August 21 in modern salle.
In the middle period, participants will be able to visit the tea room, gym, rooms and cactus.
Tickets must be taken before: For $15 and $25 for those who are not a member of SCC members / fake fees will be.
A warm open in DTLA's transformation from an industrial area
Los Angeles Central Library's 90th anniversary of a book that's what else was can be celebrated?
Bulgaria announced the first time in eight months of inflation
According to National Statistics in Bulgaria in June monthly inflation was 1%.
This is seen in years, the highest value (June since 2012) and 0.2% last year, although the positive value in the first seen on zero value since October.
CPI over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016), the average annual inflation, measured for the first 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015 - compared with 0.8%).
The consumer price index was 101.0% in July 2016, compared with June 2016, so monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 and December 2015 was 0.2% between July 2016 and July 2015 - and that comparison) monthly inflation was different - that's 0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to previous months down the price rise in consumer products groups observed: Food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%), transportation (1.8%), entertainment and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
Clothing and shoes (2.2%), furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%) and Health (0.1%), prices have dropped in groups.
Alcoholic beverages and tobacco products, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels. Prices in the same level of communication and education groups there.
Snapchat has been criticised as "Anime" cartoon, ayzsh effect
Some observers say that this Snapchat filter for anime inspired means in terms of racial insensitivity of that.
Snapchat, with 150 million users every day in the changing reality mercek vehicle makes gayballs level let my little one play with themselves.
A pineapple, the dog or a Roy Lichtenstein painting yourself out of a character you can make.
The lenses every day, 30, are tools that make up selfie serum-enhanced milyonun üzerinde commutators saucinessthat reckless.
The public's memory, speed the wrong steps not digging.
The rating in the past supported the application Snapchat lenses, or black skin tones as ideal beauty met beyazlaştırl is sunduğu charges.
Therefore, they offer this week, broken teeth and bulging cheeks slanted-eyed users, some critics due to a company that makes this lens, "Asian" mask, also criticised the caricature Asians that way.
The company and settlement of disputes about whether this signals a big problem with diversity more yinelenen wondered.
The news on Wednesday with the news of The Verge and anger, and a day and then announced Snapchat feature Motherboard yayıldı lift.
The company was found in a statement: Anime characters, not out of respect for, he was prepared to caricature Asians lens.
But this is for observers with experience of racism, stereotypes are painful mercek hatırlattı.
If other people generally refused to anime comparison.
An American of Korean descent who wrote about a lot of tweets and photos shared Grace Sparapani, art student in an email the lens "to say the least painful and disturbing," he said.
"Bad Asian caricature and added it was hard to argue when it comes to the effects of the filter a side-by-side comparison.
This is not only in the same time, the filter mask, an Asian in Asian humililating level indicates a mask.
Snapchat, it's not the only company musrifun cultural trigger mechanisms.
Institutions of American culture and conference rooms, Hollywood diversity and inclusiveness in the field on many devices we all carried on his hands in an endless conflict seems to be.
Snapchat's address and other opponents of the wide diversity of race, which was more than a vulnerability in the way they could be higher in young audience expectations can be interpreted.
In an interview on Thursday, Snapchat's lenses 25-year-oid Katie Zhu, a user to a humiliating one of the image, "a lot more difficult it is not the actions of this kind as well," he said.
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a working product manager for medium and the engineer and decided to delete Snapchat account that's the way everyone made the call.
In an interview on the phone, wrote an article for medium and race diversity in conflict with the Snapchat app, they believe reflects the shortcomings in işe alım subject, he said.
Ms. Zhu, the majority of white men ended with a tag team leader criticised the company's article: # SnapchatiSilin.
Mrs Zhu with an American of Chinese descent "and staff between different races enough variety that this kind of decisions they or c-y-b-e and different races are a nation if these people don't feel comfortable or safe enough to talk to them," he said.
Snapchat's other scouts left largely to the complaint that he shares their views.
The company, highlighting the diversity among staff about the status of private companies don't share numbers.
But staff refused to share, according to Snapchat on Thursday, a company spokesman racial origins not long ago as the population adequately represented in an effort to increase the focus and inclusion, which added a işe alım responsible for internal work.
In terms of his own Snapchat account, Ms. Zhu, will keep it closed and added that "it's not true, as we can say I wonder if he needs more users."
ISIS intelligence, military officials told congressional panels defaced it.
In a report published on Thursday, a congressional panel, the United States Central Command officials of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, to paint a more optimistic about the events in the field of intelligence reports bildirdi defaced it.
The Palace defence and intelligence committee, Republican of the Subcommittee on appropriations, Armed Services Committee, a study by the heads of Islamic State forces, a report by the arm of his superiors oluşturduğu report saying that he changed his assessment of the United States Central Command identified "widespread dissatisfaction" among intelligence analysts.
Tampa, Centcom central command, known as the American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia, which oversees fla.'da bulunan and a military headquarters.
These statements took place in a news bulletin about the report: "Senior CENTCOM leaders validated by intelligence results, typically of the United States terror prevention efforts of the facts show that a more positive drawing and the intelligence community to provide more positive results from other staff oluşturduğu analysis."
California Republican Representative Ken Calvert, "Centcom, what happens in unacceptable; While our combat troops will be a bad analysis draws high-level decision-makers, "he said.
He's reached the highest levels of the failures of leadership in CENTCOM.
Iraqi forces efforts to provide education in America, Central Command reported 10 pages of analysis and explanation took place in the details of the permanent problems in 2014-2015, in order.
However, reports that senior Obama administration officials gave signs of change orders for ISIS and Daesh, also known as an optimistic view of the threat of Islamic State has created more pressure from CENTCOM leaders felt we should present are described.
"The report in the first half of 2015, a lot of Central Command press release, statements, and in congressional testimony was more positive operational incinmişizdir significant rate" is called.
For example. a CentCom official to take back Mosul, as public as early as April or May 2015 during a major military strike expressed it can be done.
The Islamic State of Iraq's second largest city of Mosul, still is under control.
Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas in a statement "months of research and then it's very clear that it is understood that the issue," he said.
The United States Central Command from the middle of 2014 until mid - 2015, the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq's most senior intelligence leaders to manipulate the results of the intelligence he has to be regarded as insignificant.
Intelligence analysts about the Islamic State, Republicans voiced concern over the arm after a study alleging manipilated getirdiğini has learned.
The findings, published on Thursday as investigations continue, more comprehensive report will follow.
The Ministry of Defence, another Centcom intelligence review by the inspector general who carried out on the present.
House Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee released its own findings on Thursday when his arm and some who attended the Republican Study results.
The committee's Democratic chairman Representative Adam B. Schiff, a statement "in 2014-2015 yılları arasında Centcom, Daesh and Iraqi security forces of the intelligence assessment in a process they created extremely insular," he said.
This process, "intelligence has delayed publication of results," Mr. Schiff, according to analysts and opened up between the moral disorder "opposite views did not place enough."
But the results of the White House and Democrats, Mr. Schiff, the CENTCOM analysts "predetermined or political about a" fiction about apply that pressure they reach a finding that expressed.
Preliminary examination by The Daily Beast on Tuesday the state has been acknowledged.
Last August, after complaints made by CENTCOM analysts in New York Times, a Pentagon inspector general confirmed that the current examination.
On a Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, in a statement the Ministry of Defence in the process, as Congress continues to analyze the inspector general report expressed no judgey-ness.
However, his own "experts in some cases, complicated data interpretation at odds over fall and intelligence community and national security issues as important that the Ministry of Defense supports dialogue about healthy," he said.
Research, led by the United States bombing operation in Iraq and Syria, and it will resonate beyond the question that he didn't go ahead and (that is posed by a defence official said more every day are arguments).
But the charges last year, President Obama's military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points to the question of how he can count on central command for honest assessments it uncovered.
Islamic State Intelligence, Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker's criticism that help you tell, President George W. Koetzle Many analysts in the Bush administration's Iraq invasion in 2003 after a small force to defend against medical advice, and that means you don't think enough possession when he wrote an article for more than a decade and is now being discussed.
Islamic State in the same time, Mr. hooker, with intelligence, has played an important role in the rebellion.
Authorities last year, Mr. Hooker's team in the opposite direction to the air strikes against Islamic State, despite public statements on the black market to sell oil to refineries in possession of refineries built temporary financial resources, they are affected by significant ulaştığını stated that the outcome of the terrorist group.
However, evidence of the Times stated in September that she didn't get out of Central Command.
Then the commander of Centcom, General Lloyd J. Austin III, a lot of explanation in the Senate last year by the end of the war is seen as a positive assessment to judge would have been exposed to criticism.
General Austin retired in April, Central Command General Joseph L. and his replacement Votel.
The United States women's hockey team in a row with Britain hazırlanan karşılaşmaya kilitlendi 4. Victory was won
Katie BAM, took a 6-1 win against Japan on Thursday, a day after the Americans threw three touchdowns in the first of the field hockey team beat India 3-0 in the United States women encounter threw two touchdown.
Five goals in two games in mind, the same thing as it may seem like a permanent tricky Ka-bam (27) and he wasn't sure he didn't do before.
"I have no idea," he said.
I'm not one of the highlights of the people.
And know this: The Americans up 4-0 and 2-0 in the Olympic tournament undefeated after defeating Japan on Thursday as shares in the group moved on with Britain in the first place.
The United States, Britain and America will be facing the end of the first round on Saturday for the game.
Both teams are getting to the final six games and won the game about a quarter of a group who will determine who will finish first and second, suit.
The first team to finish in group games, the leader of the group started with another strong quarter finals with a long time coming up against the Netherlands team a little bit more.
But after Saturday's game in the last of 12 teams after the London Olympics, the Americans when they have caused a sensation by showing a surprising progress here.
BAM this team.
The Blue Bell, Pa.'da grew; field hockey stick was 3 years old when you first hand (twin sisters in Drexel was interested in this sport) and the team became the youngest player at the age of 16, joining the national team.
Didn't get into the squad for the 2008 Olympics he missed it.
Later in the way a lot of things for himself and his teammates didn't come 2012.
Next year, a British coach Craig Pam was drafted, and things started to change.
Bam, "a cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," he says.
Now we don't work in London.
We went through complete transformation.
On Thursday night with the number of the first half took a wrong shot, bang, closely.
Yet he didn't get a win in the tournament but India was the third quarter, showing surprising strength in BAM's team level the score 1-0 managed to come in as much.
From left the field and did a lot of running the ball and threw the ball curling Americans spent more then it turns out to be 2-0 up front.
Melissa Gonzales, halfway through the fourth quarter last scored.
This allows a goal in the United States, the first three goalie Jackie Briggs, victory in the tournament had scored the first game.
Luck opened.
Bam's, too.
"We're in a good place right now," Pam said it was as good as what this place is, however, depends on the outcome of our game on Saturday.
Ortasında trampolini serenity Olympic ambition
Wherever you are, no matter the time, the Olympics continues.
Events in Rio de Janeiro, and it's like a competition full of ambition or unavoidable represent and work like never ending.
From there, the Olympic flame from a flaming baton as he delivered triathlon gymnast swimmer.
Katie Ledecky, Simone Biles or Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos, can't watch TV, you don't hear anything about the rivalry between the neighbours can't read the paper or a coffee shop you can't pay attention to what he said.
Logan Dooley, and there.
Participating in the Olympics for the first time Mr. Dooley, sponsorships and TV commercials, a swimmer or gymnast adeta recommended make you feel good in a heartbeat, the dimples like a fencer in the early hours of prime time could be one of their names.
Lake Forest, California, however, Mr Dooley (28) fighting for a gold medal on the trampoline in the Olympics.
Every event doesn't light the Olympic flame in equal measure.
There are not recognized as a universal in the shadows, away from the centre, partly in sports: The shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo air rifle.
Long may it be and always will be with us, the breaststroke.
But personally, I don't say I love the trampoline I would like to draw attention to the secret, if necessary.
As much as an Olympic event since 2000 where trampolini sidnev games known as the very few people in 16 years between when I asked if it didn't realize it was an Olympic sport.
This could be a regional ignorance.
The United States didn't win any medals on the trampoline and athletes to compete for the finals and send a rising yarışmacı wasn't until 2012.
Men and women in the Chinese and Russians and Canadians in the awards, the Chinese tend to share.
Dong from China and Canada this year, Rosie MacLennan won gold medals in London when they try to protect.
But the event, attracting attention as an oppressed adeta trampolini in his ears to clown school instead of the Olympics, partly because it could be considered worthy of unconscious.
I must admit I'm not an expert in here, I have just interest.
There's a funny potential (like a cartoon created tremors like never ending jump), but the two together in the gym and sports reflects the elegance and diving.
The word "trampoline" word comes from a trampoline, in Spanish hands; This is the "trampoline" anlamını taşıyor.
Almost 30 feet high on the trampoline champion candidates from the air and a big jump from their own feet before landing on a series of action (twist and somersault, Pike) they required.
According to official Olympic program, according to a "flight time" and perform assessed.
16 from 17 countries, including 16 women in Rio, a man thirty two athletes going to fight.
The most common in the Olympics is far from true progress.
In some cases, those who seek to take gold medal to the finish, as far back in some cases, up and down movements further, faster and more must come up.
They're not just the beginning or the finish line after the wall at the same time, there's another tough line on the air on TV; The world or Olympic record.
This ambitious effort in the extreme levels and even noble, mouthwatering; The audience enough to strangle her, even a burst into tears.
However, in light of the things I found this exhausting just watching games.
All this makes your verebilme trampolini, sometime.
Trampolini upward moves.
Goals aren't moving forward.
Jumps up and down like an astronaut looking upward, weightless, effortlessly up again.
Of course it's not not challenge or competition for results during the routine, but there is no time and gravity busily uzaklıkta disappeared, just like a dream, elegantly suspension.
So how much could be an Olympic race chilloot chilloot.
The finals will be held in the rankings after women and one Friday afternoon, Eastern Time; Men in 13 again on Saturday.
NBC, every two days after lunch as a block from the finals will be at that time.
In the middle of the Olympic madness that can be tolerated in the fray, and they promise a great moment of quiet.
According to the Wall Street Journal and the United states of consciousness a short while ago and just for ogling gymnast as suggested by Mr Dooley's new fans by offering objectifying male athletes, we can tell if an increase in waiting.
That is an ally of the United States in Ethiopia for a long time "in a generation of protest"
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia, the government met with fierce resistance.
A number of witnesses, police and protesters in the lethal weapon, saying that the conflict.
Ethiopia is about to collapse?
Over the past ten years, one of Africa's most stable nations, with a strong and fast growing economy were allied to the West.
But in recent months has shaken the country, the anti-government protests spread to the region more every day.
Just last week, thousands of people based on fundamental political changes in demand was found on the street.
Human rights groups, according to the government's response was pretty brutal.
Witnesses said several police officers shot an unarmed demonstrators, and killed.
Late last year, or from the beginning of this year, it is believed to be in your hands, footage of a protest against a wall and security officials who had to stop whipping boys görülüyor.
The United Nations human rights official at the highest level now want to be a thorough search.
The International Crisis Group, a research group the Horn of Africa project director Rashid Abdi, "This is the country together and it will be more difficult it was hard to always keep moving forward," he said.
After the highest population of Africa, Nigeria and Ethiopia nation stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence services, particularly in Somalia to fight with terrorist threats in the region has been working closely with Ethiopians, and there are very few countries in West Africa to see so much to help.
Ethiopia's economy, has been growing in an impressive way.
Improved infrastructure in an effective way. There is even a new commuter train in Addis Ababa, the capital.
In the streets, usually quiet and safe and clean.
As much as the best example of democracy in Ethiopia and display (referring to the government's repressive human rights groups are constantly attitude) was extremely limited domestic opposition, the opposition were effectively being shushed.
Most of the exiled, imprisoned, murdered or driven to the farthest reaches of the desert.
However, may be about to change this situation.
I thing Teshome, from Ethiopia in the middle of a university lecturer with "people drown them out of these events, and if you don't have a choice of protest," he said.
All youth in protest.
A generation in protest.
The ruling coalition has been a lot of pressure on the strength of the current complaint.
Last year, the ruling party and its allies in the area in the pretty criticism then and now fill 100 per cent of the last seat in parliament, the opposition took control.
Hundreds of people lost their lives in the same time, in June that led to war and tensions on the border with Eritrea with sharp and controversial line is increasing.
Oromo Liberation Front og National Liberation Front, analysts or separatist groups in the past few years as a shield from the middle of this turbulence by taking advantage of the fear of new armaments.
Beneath the surface for years now there are several factors explain why he was in the bitter feelings in conglutinate patlamak.
The first looks innocent: Smart phones.
Cheap smart phones and internet service is established as mainstream as a large number of social media to communicate using only a few years ago, Ethiopian has begun.
The government shut down access to Facebook and Twitter in protest at the time, especially as so often, even most people were able to communicate through proxy servers lnternet hidest positions.
For a couple of young Ethiopian protests gathered in this way, he said.
The second as Ethiopia's two largest ethnic group, and in solidarity between am oromolar arttı.
And in normal am oromolar not allies.
A long time, the predominantly Christian Ethiopia's mountainous areas in and out in front of the most Muslims in politics and business am flatlands oromoları abuse that occurred in to it.
But in this situation is changing.
Mula gemechu with the Oromo leader a "co-operate and we're moving in under an umbrella," he said.
Oromo and am regions, the biggest protests seen in.
Most of the AM and Oromo, Ethiopia's military, intelligence services that make up about 6 per cent of the population, and members of ethnic TIG group dominant in politics, trade and dominated by the way he thinks he's been unfair.
Meles Zenawi's death was the third reason lies behind the unrest.
Former rebel leader in 2012, Mr. Meles, until she died from an undisclosed illness for 17 years served as prime minister of Ethiopia.
Not everyone who saw a tactical genius, it was considered to be.
Analysts identify and neutralize the first signs of discontent, especially her rivals and appease expert says.
Mr. Abdi, "the regime that don't have basic information," said analyst conflict.
Ethiopia's new Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn, Mr. Meles's location was chosen to fill in relative obscurity.
Ethiopia's Tigray north from the region on the contrary, Mr. Hailemariam, Mr. Meles's she's from the south.
Analysts say that security services, kendisinin TIG control didn't get his confidence.
As a result, the more fear and more blood spilled.
This kind of confusion about the experience in Ethiopia in 2005, the government after a sloppy choice analysts thousands of people in the theft after it was a protest.
Following that measures less than a lot of protesters were killed in the past month, no matter how much time and if this mess and it's been relatively more quickly.
Development experts, like infrastructure and poverty in Ethiopia's leaders on the commuter train plans new vision to have made significant progress made.
But it didn't stop the kinini increase Ethiopia against the government open.
And it's dangerous, and ethnic it.
Last month, protesters have attacked a town in the AM TIG TIG Gonder, businesses and social media showing an increase in hate.
The United States, protests, analysts and other allies in the West says he left in a strange situation.
The U.S. government in neighbouring Somalia, Ethiopia was using as a base for drone flights over; However, this base were told to shut down a short time ago.
Obviously he wanted to support democracy in a region already fragile Western ally that don't want to break up, too.
Mr. Abdi said, "it" and added "it's like walking on a thin rope."
Donald Trump, Obama's ISIS claim that as the "sarcasm" kurduğu kılar direction
Donald J. Last week, Trump insisted that a couple of times on Friday, President Obama and Hillary Clinton's claim that Islamic State terror group while citing "founders" is not a serious campaign tried to eliminate the last conflict in the area.
Republican presidential candidate's ability to communicate clearly with this explanation, she gave birth to new questions about the American people.
In the process that created this mess in the same time who did her best to defend her statement that they tried to explain that this is not that their deputies in the process put in an awkward position.
Mr. Trump, at a rally on Wednesday night after he was found at that premise in interviews, the President and Mrs. Clinton's thesis on Thursday that the more reinforcing ISIS insists that really happened.
But in the early morning hours on Friday, Mr. Trump made a sarcastic post on Twitter, just in the statement said.
Send in a series of interviews, Mr. Trump's accusation that it is serious about a day earlier to step back from that statement was completely showing.
Conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt, Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, and added that Mr. Trump's comments, Republican presidential candidate said he didn't believe it when he tried to help him in anti-alias.
When you're trying to change the focus of the campaign, Mr. Trump, in the polls in the last confusión afterdrop ortaya çıktı.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, made in Michigan this week with conflicting speeches about the economy.
On Friday, Mr. Trump wanted to continue that again.
Mrs. Clinton's talking about his proposals would increase taxes on Twitter again and he found boring speech, he said.
Before Mr. Trump used his sarcasm.
Towards the end of July, Ms. Clinton's e-mails to the Russians who suggested pirate attacks after a great view, these comments after meeting possed criticism "of course, a cynic that I said," he explained.
This approach is to push the limits of Mr. Trump's political conversation and allows him to step back in place.
Ruth Sherman, a communications specialist with the language used by both candidates "that certain messages supporters as he way how to react to seeing testing, depending on a system that allows him to" explain "response in a way," he said.
But at the same time, knowing that it's different when viewed from the lens and giving statements to be filtered belirsiz know.
A drop in the polls in recent days after the general election, Mr. Trump has embraced a more aggressive stance to take a lot to clear the air mass.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll published on Friday, Mr. Trump in Virginia and Colorado, North of Coraline and it was quite a tight race in Florida back Mrs. Clinton's current showed.
How Mr. Trump to apologize for saying something provocative every usually avoid blaming his critics in the words to understand humour or to mislead.
But Mr. Trump's presidential campaign in recent months, so much more exposed to examine how provocative comments in a position to support him in public, jokes, even if the rest of his loyal supporters, leaving a difficult situation.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Koetzle Giuliani, one of the most prominent supporters of Mr. Trump in an interview with CNN on Thursday as he did everything to defend the island.
Mr. Trump, Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton in the direction of the Islamic State in question was asked about Mr. Giuliani, the thesis that "I think doing a legitimate political criticism," he said.
From one perspective, Obama, who was unknown, a small organisation ISIS before them was totally wrong because of a pullout from Iraq that was cute and soldiers.
Obama administration's most prominent Republican, Mrs. Clinton's secretary of state with the situation in the Middle East that failed to deal with ISIS to grow aggressively and trying to defend why it happened.
Trump's rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, before twisting the word via Twitter and news media continues to accuse him of being biased against it.
Trying to figure out her "poor, pathetic," TV experts sarcastically, "they can't do that!" he said.
Some Democrats, Mr. Trump mockingly suggested that the evidence was not appropriate for president under his direction, he said.
Once the new café in Greenpoint, who can't with us prices
Just in Williamsburg, where the Wi-Fi connection to working with cash in a shabby cafe offers great coffee didn't offer for 15 years.
Naturally, couldn't cope with prices in the store in Bedford Avenue.
The verb in the summer of 2014 where it is like a cupcake store selling soap Cherie soaps.
It was close by the end of the town, residents expressed nezihleştirilen missing.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter. "New York is change, I know that, however, CBGB's gone and the Chelsea Hotel, and now I can't believe the store's drilled verb of a soap."
But don't change as well as New York City from new invention.
Last November, less than a mile away from its original position in Greenpoint, in the north to a new cafe opened.
New Cafe Wi-Fi connection, but some former employees have to accept credit card and other simple and protecting the air.
Still good coffee.
New update, the former head of the new Earth cafe owner and general manager of Cisco Rodriguez has a long-term employee.
He joined the verb in 2001 and stayed until the end.
This new place to do this for a client when he said that he would be thrilled to offer financing.
Mr. Rodriguez (36), left most of the same thing.
The same model of using the same distributor for bagels and a verb, bought an espresso machine.
In fact, the lights of old verb here was used again.
However, Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to experience a little bit different.
Added new material.
On the menu and sautéed onions and capers and supplies to the current bacon and egg and cheese sandwiches are available.
There's brown rice bowls.
Now, but don't serve beer cafe offers fresh juices.
Nine months later, he said that Mr. Rodriguez, the former regulars started to come in a stable way.
"We couldn't handle a lot of old customer prices in Williamsburg," he said.
On Sunday was one of these customers in the past, Rebecca Oliveira.
Ms. Oliveira (34) and update often, it was going to live in Williamsburg.
Even after he moved to Greenpoint from moving forward in this way to give up.
After closing for a period of time, he said he had to call for a cup of coffee.
"My favorite thing I noticed that the update and coffee culture," he said.
The other day, he started drinking coffee again, but instead of iced coffee with a new plugin Dew chose a mix of the ordinary.
Another patron Tom Rosenthal, who went to update regularly since 2003.
He was ordered to go there before, and it's always the same job.
"Every day, seven at quarter past, like clockwork, I used to get in and I was the order of buttered bagel th-they make every day," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to make a change, and added new material on the menu.
Still, Mr. Rosenthal in these days, but sometimes the order to get the usual order bacon, egg and cheese bagel every day by doing a bit of a change.
Mr. Rodriguez, who replaced the old place store said it wasn't angry with soap.
In fact, using a special cold infusing coffee into the cafe's owners to update soap Cherie offered to make soap.
Mr. Rodriguez, "I still think we can accept this offer," he said.
And it's traditional Polish Greenpoint residents embraced the cafe.
Mr. Rodriguez, one of new customers to feel better about themselves on the menu and translated dialect to her new neighbours recently said he was going to find a space to display the menu for this.
Another new location has advantages.
Local coffee shop, juice and cold wormwood-infused in a bottle wants to sell.
There is a possibility that the expansion of the spread of the building adjacent to the cafe.
They can find a new update to the customer's old sideburns for most of them even have enough.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and then shut down the place was very upset.
When the new place to get in and said it made her feel at home, Mr. Whitt coffee himself.
"I was supposed to smell it," he said.
"A square meal in his book" food crisis depressed onlyest
In March 1933 immediately after the presidential seat, sitting in the Oval Office, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, sat down to lunch.
One of the gut like turtle soup and duck liver pate, President Roosevelt Maryland fancy Fifth Avenue was like their food.
The menu that day was more modest: boiled eggs with tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and prune pudding for dessert.
Jane, Ziegel, "This was an act of solidarity with people suffering in an attempt to build on the food," he said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, he added: "This is the same time, it was a message about how they should be given the Americans."
The couple living in Brooklyn Heights, food historian.
Mr Coe's latest book, "Chop Suey" in the United States and China about the kitchen was in a book called the "97 Orchard," Ms., Ziegel slums on the Lower East Side was telling the lives of over dinner.
They work with the new book "a square meal" and that will be published by Harper on Tuesday, telling the history of the Great Depression on America's food.
They are displaying solidarity with the same year since 1929 when it comes to food crisis in the Flatiron district, which is a reporter for dinner in a sandwich bar where he met up with Alan Eisenberg.
Miss, Ziegel, cream cheese and olives (54) when ordering a sandwich, Mr. Coe (57), turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetables chose to sit.
Couple found time to discuss the crisis, reporter siparişini meatloaf food.
Miss, Ziegel "loaves were very popular," he said.
There was a loaf of nuts, peanuts, nuts, beans and liver.
There was something that's a cheap material malzemeyi on foot.
You think of peanuts you eat enough at dinner.
Mr Coe, make a face.
"People like the bullet must have sat in the stomach," he said.
Crisis in the years before it was like a buffet tables in the United States, especially in rural areas.
For men, women working at the farm and cook breakfast, lunch and dinner was served with freshly baked pies.
1. The Americans were sending food açlıktan ölen Europeans in World War II. In a moment, "a square meal" out of the nation cope with being the center of the history of the methods he explains.
Mr Coe, while explaining why her and her husband's desire to write about it, "This is the food was a time when Americans become central to an alarming issue," he said.
The new regime was equally alarming: Loaves and casseroles as mysterious food became essential consumer product, Ms., Ziegel's pointed out that "the food was a great way to assess the rest of stews" in this way was able to hide under a cream sauce with the appetite feet-rubberers kaplama concealer supplies.
Fresh fruit is picked up the cheaper dried fruits.
For years, a thrifty way meat found in the center of American food has become a luxury edilen share.
Calories and nutrients, taste or feeling a sense of the kitchen and I tried to get ahead of the most interesting concoctions.
The book, recipes, including Miss, Ziegel while doing research for that period in the oven wonderbutt peanut butter, onion made your lunch.
Mr Coe, "Tonight was not a contribution to popular at the dinner table," he said.
Miss, Ziegel supported this: "This was surreal."
Nothing in common with peanut butter and onions in the oven.
This was a feature that stands out most of the house in the economy.
Between them, including Louise Stanley House, Federal Bureau of Economic Experts responsible for the economy between 1923-1943 and led the country's food, eating habits like never before.
Recipe by publishing articles in newspapers and magazines, and they encourage women to be "efficient" as they spread into delicious food, and carrot cream makaroni slurry struggle.
"A square meal" historic a feast of delicious morsels.
President Herbert Hoover's leave open the government, like the answers to citizens is extremely appetizing tavır I eat cake.
A farmer from Iowa with his own childhood, while praising the simple food in public on the other hand, eating like a millionaire was turned into an intellectual.
Mr Coe, "the kitchen was like to eat fish sauce taste like cucumber, Europe," he said.
Food for their dinner jackets, wearing a gold in the dining room is almost entirely utmc-coated yiyordu.
It was a far cry from the truth.
His wife Eleanor, stomach and not be encouraging him to be an example, President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake.
According to the book, Mrs. Roosevelt, with just a treat to work in the White House aide hiç önemi vermeyen prepared so far, "the best in the same time, not in the bleakest way hazırlanan platesof sad food" as it started.
On its feet again after he left the country in times of crisis aside, most of the methods of cooking has been released.
According to Ms., Ziegel calories and nutrition science continue to cook the way of understanding and focused.
When I was writing the book, a couple eating habits, Miss, Ziegel's mother said he learned a lot - for example, can never throw away food.
Mr Coe "a waste of food was really scaring her," he said.
Miss, Ziegel, old reminisced: "That was really sick people."
Krispy Kreme doughnuts yaşanmıştı case.
Eisenberg in the house, he and Mr. Coe, after packing up the dishes they cooked up in a dessert was out: President Roosevelt sweet plum-pie dry had for lunch.
"It's called a prune whip" and said Miss, Ziegel number referenced most often added to a cool name, was this humble description.
There was no whipped cream. Just a little flour, sugar, water, cinnamon and prunes.
Everybody put your spoon into a hesitant in sticky brown way.
Surprisingly it wasn't too bad.
Mr Coe, took second and third spoon.
His wife as someone who can be efficient, "a little piece of good nards triturate would be," he said.
Merck hepatitis C patent fight with Gilead to get in legal fees
According to manufacturer Gilead Sciences Inc, U.S. District Judge Merck & Co Inc's decision to go with hepatitis C drug patent case won the right to do with the attorney fees.
The judge in the United States, Merck and other unethical practices in a series of wrong behavior, including perjury, identified Gilead, in June, after that Gilead's soval and Harvoni have a great success with two Merck drugs to pay compensation of about $200 million for patent infringement have dismissed it.
U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman in the hearing on Thursday, Gilead's case was about to be compensated in line of defense for wages, he said.
Merck, a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can heal more than 90 per cent of patients with liver with Gilead, which is trying to catch up to the judge of the market.
The case, Gilead's sofosbuvir by Gilead and Merck sued each other with the active ingredient drugs for lab work they claim on the subject of property dates back to 2013.
From the Islamic State forces, backed by the United States, was taken completely under the control of Membiç expressed
On Friday, the United States, a spokesman for the last Islamic State group fighters, backed by forces inside the city in the north, near the border in Turkey, said he had taken complete control of the city of membiç.
The rest of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SPG), a group of militants hiding in the city and then we split up in the process of clearing the city.
The military council in alliance with SPG, Dervis Wain membiç routers to over 2000, at the hands of the militants released a hostage in their civilian bildirdi.
Own routers "to the city is now completely under our control but we're conducting the cleanup effort," he said.
Clinton, family $10.75 million in 2015 and won 34.2 per cent of federal tax paid
The Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, on Friday and his wife made $10.75 billion last year and 34.2 per cent effective federal tax paid in 2015, explained that his tax returns.
Most of the Clinton Foundation in 2015, Clinton family, including $1 million to charity, the former president Bill Clinton speaking fees have contributed to approximately $5.3 million from time spent in the State Department and former foreign minister, won about $3 million in revenue for the book coming out of the publishing house Simon & Schuster have now declared that.
Clinton's running mate Virginia Senator Tim Kaine, Anne Holton, wife of the United States 10 years and released his tax returns.
The federal tax they paid 20.3 per cent in 2015.
Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton campaign officials in a statement, "Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine should continue to set standard for transparency," he said.
Instead, he did before Donald Trump is hiding behind excuses and fake promises tax statements about stepping back in a statement.
How the law and the United States require that all presidential candidates to submit tax statements as a public ass-whuppins.
A New York businessman who was the rejection of Trump statements, lawyers and published an audit conducted by the IRS said.
Statements in connection with Democratic Candidate Ian Sams "You're Next" tweet of the Clinton campaign did.
Trump's special to CNN on Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump would publish them until counselor-at-law said he would not allow inspections.
In 2012, the Republican presidential Candidate Mitt Romney and other Republicans, including criticizing Trump, his contributions to charity group, this karşılamayı durumunun kendisinin net worth business deals with Russia, and many others including those question marks about that connection, he said.
Senior Republicans on Friday, Clinton, Trump issued a video online that the situation in terms of taxes applied pressure went on.
In a speech in Michigan on Thursday voiced this problem, the economy.
The crowd, who "refuse to publish tax statements for decades to come to do what you do every presidential candidate," he said.
On the 1990s, Trump didn't pay any taxes for nearly two years in New York Times reported on Friday, a columnist and a series of tax lawyer and accountant's business section of the situation continues like this might be still shared their statements.
Federal tax rates, has become a major issue in presidential election.
Clinton, $1 million a year to pay taxes on those who gain at least 30 per cent of the billionaire investor Warren Buffet's name, which will offer a policy area.
President Obama supports the proposal.
Last week, a Clinton rally in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway group operating in his tax returns, Trump and challenged about to come.
Buffet, and Trump's tax collection agency that he is now going through the IRS audit, not "scared" of voters, he said.
Clinton campaign issued statements, the tax until 2007.
Now living in Chappaqua, New York in the Clinton family, on average between 2007-2014 and approximately 32 per cent to 40.5 per cent tax rate is about reaching the United paid federal taxes.
Unlike Clinton, his family as much as $100 for 2015, most Americans income statement shows that only comes from fees.
The Clinton family, a low-cost index investments and dividends and interest income was $109.000 investment fund has declared.
Additional news hazırlayan Kevin Drawbaugh; Organiser, Jonathan Oatis
Supporting the protection of elephants in Tanzania flrecrackers condoms, chili powder
Environmentalists, the elephants in Tanzania, using an unusual method to prevent people getting into populated areas They're full of powder, red pepper them condoms.
This method has proven to be effective, and a few years ago with the idea that the US-based Union nature protection for promoting the Honeyguide Foundation steps; Volunteers in their homes and crops, villages in northern Tanzania, four steps to protect animals from harm began to educate about use of non-violent way.
Most people to defend himself before he was using a spear.
World Elephant Day on Friday, is dedicated to the protection of animals.
In a statement, Damian Bell, executive director of the honeyguide "tool kit that we saw in the stance has changed since we're developing communities; Now the elephants from hurting more confidence about what they can keep elephants away from land, "he said.
The first two steps, and contains the last elephant onkeeping honking.
It is not possible to this thing called "chiili cloud" in these situations are thrown out.
Mixed in with dirt, dust with cayenne pepper, a firecracker, just like to stay on in the open condom portfire hardocre shutting down.
When lit up by the sound of an explosion and a condom açılıyor pulverulent chiili sheds.
A breath, enough to send the elephants in the opposite direction.
Last resort if the air and a bright, loud, throwing fireworks caused the explosion using a catapult.
Israel's Arabs and Jews, a film producer on "demand" - RT News hit in Berlin on the floor, the hotel phone code
Bristol Hotel Kempinski in Berlin, a French film producer of Jewish origin, Israel's Arab clients and employees "demands" phone code the listing uncovered in the media sensation after it opened the way forward.
"The Jerk" Claude Lan, German TV documentary about the genocide of writers with an open letter to the Hotel Kempinski in Berlin to Bristol organ phasic voiced fury.
The hotel stay in the short time ago, LAN sağladığı phone codes triedfinding list Israel.
But states can be searched, but it wasn't in the country and from the room.
in 2016 in Berlin, Germany's new capital may be out there and how Israel might be?
Lan wrote.
Instead, Bristol, Kempinski offers his own call centre to call on Israel.
The hotel reception to get an explanation for a movie producer, reported the situation.
Lan, the response to "shock to her that," he wrote.
Secretary of the hotel with this measure was "a deliberate decision Kempinski hotels administration," he said.
This movement, a filmmaker's much more furious at the underlying reason why this happened.
Lan pointed out, according to the employees "code of our guests and they wanted deleted most of the Arab Israeli," he said.
Suddeutsche Zeitung, Israel's ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas Handels, that's according to the situation he described as "a great shame".
This is very shocked and appalled us.
It's a really big shame.
It had to be in a hotel chain in Germany, and that's a much bigger disgrace.
I don't need to explain it.
We're expecting this to the hotel as a result of the "official said.
A huge reaction online, it woke me up. This situation people described as a scandal.
Kempinski Hotel sözde demands some "bending the neck accused of" Arab clients.
The hotel, near a synagogue on Kurfurstendamm Street in another post, "you should be ashamed" that was found in the statement said.
According to Der Spiegel, the hotel was the result of this incident, saying "sorry" and "lack of attention" from Lan quickly threw those charges from the beginning.
Kempinski's Suddeutsche Zeitung, a representative of "Israel's speed dial, not to be included on the list was never an order from the right direction," he said, he said.
And now they are added to the code, he said.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters, Brazilian students
The government would have on public education system to demonstrate against reform, Brazil's Sao Paulo on Thursday, students gathered in the City clash with police.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The problem and started trying to distract students, law enforcement officials during the police use rubber bullets and tear gas that paved the way.
Hundreds of students to express their displeasure against the plans, joined the show.
Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Al, according to the offer of less than 100 public school students will be distributed to other schools and 300,000 will be shut down in order to save money.
Some of the people who attended the protest against the walls had written in the interim President Michel's default spotted-b.
This is the last protest suspended President Dilma Roussef to support the country's Senate vote görevden alınan sokağa çıkma came days after the crowds of protesters.
Trade between Russia and Iran have risen to 71% - RT Business
Levan dzhagaryan, according to the removal of sanctions against Russia's ambassador to Iran with trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran showed growth of 70.9 per cent year on year.
In Iran since international sanctions against the ambassador, who has expressed interest in the country, Russian companies have increased by big business.
New companies to provide access to existing ties with Iran, Russian companies to market hazırlanırken remains.
Of course trade more bilateral cooperation with Iran, an increase in one of the main priorities "dzhagaryan said.
In the first five months of 2016, the trade turnover between Russia and Iran, with the same period in 2015 compared to 70.9 per cent and $856 million in increased ulaştığını said.
Russia's exports to Iran in particular, has reached 91.5 per cent, to $697 million.
Imports from Russia, Iran had increased by 16 per cent to 158 million dollars.
Trade the increase in the ground, machine guns, vehicles and supplies was reached with the "Messenger said.
Dzhagaryan in record numbers of Iranian tourists at the same time, waiting for Russia this year.
Last year Russia's diplomatic representative in Iran, Iranian citizens, especially for a visa to travel 35,000 gave most of them.
The number of tourists who visit Iran and Russia, the first time in 20 countries took part in the first time.
We can to break the record of Iranian tourists visited Russia last year, "he said.
In the same time, relatively less Russian irane ı ziyareti ediyor; This is a hope to change the subject.
"Ancient Persian civilization monuments in good shape cities of lspahan, Shiraz and personally, I suggest visiting yezide hiding," he said.
The cash to economic news from izmirli fetö.
The president to provide financial support to the board of turbans fetö detained Ahmet I Küçükbayra interesting details about the president of the board and I küçükbayra Abdullah Brown Noser Group has begun to emerge.
1 and 2 in the financial resources and I küçükbayra fetö nün izmirli fetö terrorist organization, the PD leader fethullahçıs's dog / The Courier has been identified as they sent a large sum of money every month on a regular basis to laugh.
Laughing, not deposited the money to keep the records sent to members of the group was sent by courier on the banks have been identified.
In a coup attempt on the other hand, were detained as part of amasya fetö ilişkin Investigation dispatched to the court, including merzifon Chamber of Commerce and Industry, seven people were arrested nine people, including the mayor of Fatih dgoldmoon control measures have been released.
The 10 years in his pocket 30 thousand Turkish Liras
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's call, the banks "interest down" on the move.
Residential real estate before the attack and later started the campaign was to be involved in the banks of the gyot attended.
Mortgage interest rates to below 1 percent seen as the psychological suggestion was made by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
13 bank mortgage rates below 1 percent did.
Sale started the craze has been public banks.
Between 1.12 and 1.29 percent before the last 10 years, with monthly changes in interest rates are based on the arrangement between 15 and 30 billion Turkish Liras tedavisine stulpje consumer credit use to pay less interest.
Choice five to 10 years
So how much interest to bring home the advantage of discounts on bad credits?
A person who uses the term loans to 100 Liras, 10 years of decline in interest to take advantage of 30 lira.
The vast majority of housing credit users choose five or 10 years long-term payment plan.
More is expected to drop in interest rates in the next few days.
Rate cut will affect positive sales.
Housing sales increased by 10.6 per cent by 2015, according to a year earlier, a thousand was 289 million.
The discount is expected to exceed 1.5 million sales this year in interest.
The gyot President Aziz Torun: Down to under 9 per cent year-on-year
Public banks to cut interest rates, an important step.
Answer our president and the rates down.
But it's a 9 per cent annual rate to go under.
If we started this process has to go on sale, if we're thinking of letting a few months and months of 0.70 interest campaign.
Tbsp of Özen agnella agnella group: Our campaign three months longer
A month to sort out which direction the economy in the US as we bring this date be extended by at least three or four months of the banks of the campaign to join the enterprise will bring up.
Credit interest rates of 9 per cent year-on-year, but it needs to go down under.
It's only real market housing sector and the impact of positive psychology and unprecedented in the history of solidarity with the housing sector to see him do it, sacrifice, it's gratifying to see every purchase.
Polat Holding GC Adnan Polat: We're expecting full support from banks
Our president did a good step to go on sale interest for banks.
There's some steps that the economy in all sectors except atılan yönelik jogged.
The central bank's decision in this direction, campaigns and NGOs doing that all steps for the country.
All hands on deck to the banks.
In this campaign, and you come to them, the same way, together with us, join hands, we think we should take a walk in to the economy.
5.5 billion a year and a half from an investment of Sabanci
In the first six months of this year, Sabancı holding net profits increasing 11 percent, according to the same period last year, sales surge 22 per cent and 353 billion lira 17 billion 166 million liras çıktı.
Sabanci Holding senior management (CEO) Victory in the first six months of the year, get away from the start of 2015, 1.8 billion Liras, invest in and around 5.5 billion lira Today reported.
Get out, "as a country of a rough run in the last time we passed with flying colors."
"It's time to produce a lot more work for our country and now after this," he said.
Enjoy a break from Kabataş Ferry two years
Istanbul metropolitan municipality (IMM) conducted by "transfer arrangement with the construction of Piers Kabataş square," because of the ferry docks closed marine traffic Kabataş, nearly two years.
A modern integrated transport system on the beach road, rail and sea Kabataş transfer centre will be done.
Based on the underground pedestrian traffic flow along the coast, will be uninterrupted.
The tram system and funicular, for a while I will continue to work.
In order to provide citizens access Eminönü, Istanbul, Besiktas zonesof seferleri ring will be launched.
Increased interest fell, the house
A public bank manager texted my friend.
It's always the same.
Falling interest rates, house prices are rising.
Interest is rising, house prices are falling.
"That's what happened to look again," he says.
The speculation about his job because it's about individual loans.
Residential real estate prices in the campaign is holding interest rates boosted housing project, says a lot of contractors in 0.70.
I wanted to see if there's truth.
Short, no more of the kind of situation.
Between July 15 coup attempt in fethullahists terrorist organisation, that I can think of a week after our chat organized by a contractor who came to the top of the construction of our newspaper.
A big firm's boss.
I won't name the contractor "in fact, prices from 10 percent raise, you need to do" when I heard the words "poontch opportunism or are you going to do?" I'd say.
After attempting a coup led by the interest and maturity to 120 months in residential real estate builders 0.70 scadsof sales campaign launched a campaign.
I accept, under a rock, put his hand before the banks took a risk.
But if we're moving in the spirit of unity and solidarity for stalling, Turkey.
Interest in a month on a campaign backed by banks.
But then nobody could raise yapmasın opportunism.
Among those warning.
President Erdogan coach, Omar and Ali agreed to coach
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Koç Holding, board vice chairman and CEO coach Mehmet Omer Koc Holding with Ford censorship board President Ali coach agreed.
Erdogan accepted the presidential complex, which closed to the press, it took 40 minutes.
The brsa call: Those banks complain
The banking regulation and supervision agency (brsa) Chairman Mehmet Ali the Akbar, President Erdogan issued a statement on the banks "credit recall" warning.
The Akbar, "Banks and credit to call back the market conditions for a different, that's certainly not doing çevirip opportunism of reasons we won't let it."
This kind of complaints and information about bringing us, "Bank and the company may appeal to the complaint, with the name bazda brsa" we're talking about.
President Tayyip Erdogan warned banks in a statement yesterday, with the words: "I'm just saying that the rates fell, credit facilities that extended the time of our country and in front of a new era and the bank investors will be open."
During this period of our country to give credit to them, let alone to avoiding back loans that banks set to be a pure fake excuses, I want to announce.
A 7-8 per cent annual interest rates that banks made money from these things in this period.
is expected to more than half a million Russian tourists
The Hotel Association of Professional managers at the expo 2016 Antalya exhibition area (the poyui) president, Ali kızıldağ the on July 15 coup attempt in turkey-russia relations in the first meeting, scheduled flights to Antalya from Russia into a positive route and obviously there has been a resurgence in tourism that the plane, he said.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin, talks between the two countries and sectors that trade as excited kızıldağ the, stating that the tourism industry, "as tourism and agriculture food, construction of all sectors to be very positive developments in terms of waiting."
The two countries, Turkey and Russia, traditional relations based on years we've got too close together.
Two countries "leaders opened up on this road sectors as we are very fast progress if we do and I think we could go the distance as soon as possible targets." He added.
Over 1 million Russian tourists who come to Turkey coup attempt was not expressing that they estimate the number of kızıldağ the, added:
But that's why we said we lost a month during high season, we're talking about downsizing the target.
I'm still a thousand digits of 500 start, I'm thinking we transgresseth charter flights.
The last line of the season and it might be discussed until mid - November ekİm growth.
In a situation like this can be a true Christmas additional flights.
I'm guessing a lot of good weather will be assessed by the Russian people in this positive.
They have a longing for Turkey.
I hope I'm thinking maybe we're pushing this rate of acceleration 700 thousands.
In terms of the Russian market and the two countries said they are hopeful for 2017, kızıldağ the relations as well as Russia if the economy bounces back on again next year the number of confirmed that three million Russian tourists.
Ban said the President let public staff started small reservations the poyui kızıldağ the domestic has, "canceled reservations have new reservations in return, was taken in again."
"We have a hopeful expectation about Eid." he said.
After the coup attempt by Iran, kızıldağ the travel agencies said it was a very positive development in the removal of the tour and ticket sales ban, "irane of 100 thousand people would be great if we can bring 1.2-2 month". He added.
Do you want to renew the current credit?
You've got to meet with the Bank of New Credit first find out how it affects your loan interest conditions.
Fee (usually the fee to 1.5-2 per cent of the loan off early with a new loan with interest) from your bank to lower the cost of hesaplatıy is.
If all the costs involved, if you still have the advantage when you apply for low-interest loans, you can use.
Lion nefes no abortion!
The last play in the new season, winning the Super Bowl champion with Galatasaray, Besiktas, aims to finalise the struggle for morale.
All students with technical director, in a meeting with the plans on winning þenol Sun, "We have to play aggressive and fast-paced."
"Do you control the ball for 90 minutes and I'm waiting for a high percentage of rust," he added.
At the beginning of the players who drive in the field, including Sosas kaçıran practices remain undecided about Quaresma þenol the Sun's Adriano and that was compromised.
But the stopper in the week in practice, the veteran trainer tried to play fullback in the stopper Necip kılar Adriano Tosic will work.
Ricardo Quaresma and Kerim Frei and his disciples to make a choice between the sun had run the ball after a long time.
Tolga going to explode - Sports
The previous evening's sponsor to Galatasaray Galatasaray president Dursun Uzbek, organized by members of the media at dinner and answered questions c-can annual transfer fee to support diaspora football Tolga cigerci gave the subject of debate.
I'm not going to talk to players
According to an Uzbek who said he was in a much better football team, Let Alone last year, "but I am not in the field, players have to talk about it," he said, and these added: "I can't say anything."
According to a 2-3 week goes by that I can say our chances, then the championship teams.
And I'm waiting for the blast.
You'll see, everybody's gonna blow up this year, with a physics Tolga yı watch with admiration.
Mehmet Topal contact with Galatasaray president, but stressed that they are not settling in period and then transfer kulübüyle said: "We don't beat our competition to increase the price because we weren't on purpose."
Mehmet Topal gentleman, a decent athlete.
We'd like to disagree with the club and was transferred to Galatasaray.
RİVA and bank debts will be over
Construction will start soon, the Uzbek nın yanına ta-sin-mim arena stating that "we wanted to do a gym, 13 thousand people."
However, our president, "Do the 15 thousand people," he said.
We changed the project.
Riva gelecek parayla bank debts from, we'll have to close.
US may have again
Last season's Cup team to play against Besiktas in Turkey and the quality of the Super Bowl party in tomorrow to put up with the slogan at the club believes that a sentence stating that the Uzbek, let alone the yellow-reds Galatasaray president laid out his claim.
"We May's" A year after the break, Galatasaray Uzbek president who believed in the champion again, he said.
Bans lifted away
In a meeting yesterday with a historic decision by the foundation clubs have signed.
July 15 coup attempt in the meeting reached consensus on the road ban in the abolition of the agenda.
The new season to play four games between them from the visiting team fans when they met in their place in the stands and besiktas-bursaspor alabilecek.
Foundation President celestial gümüşdağ, "July 15 and then we decided to abandon the unity and solidarity of laws in order to continue."
July 15 "unity and solidarity that we believe democracy after the martyrs of greater importance," he said.
The foundation clubs as a result of the vote on the other hand, with the current board will continue, it said.
If the court and was elected the president of Galatasaray club president Dursun Uzbek.
Unlike meetings before the club, on the table where the flag almama noted.
Union and Turkey are together in order to focus on the table comes equipped with Turkish their flags.
"We're going to clean up his own garden"
A vicious attack against Turkey's unity, the great Turkish nation, President of the league against clubs found Celestial gümüşdağ tried that, "we don't have the luxury of Don't underestimate the formation of fetö."
"Football family, we've got to pick it up as his own garden to clean up, and we will definitely," he said.
Gümüşdağ, "15 July Cup, an organization under the name of democracy, you think?" In the way on a question, "especially in the name of your friends about the general belief Turkish Cup there."
"We'll share it with TF this offer," he used his statement.
25 thousand combined target
The new season the trabzonsporf will compete in the new stadium.
The president of the day to move to the EC bordomavililerin Muharrem master, who did combined prices via social media survey has determined.
New Jersey, which aims to sell a hundred thousand and twenty-five thousand combined season, fans will go on sale is expected to show the combined burgundy-blueness intense interest.
"The Master, the president of the season and 25 grand, over 100,000 uniform."
His answers in the stands behind the net and we agreed prices East / West survey.
Good luck with that.
"Now you have the ball," he added.
The new club season and has been identified in this way the burgundy-blueness season prices: "The castle is back up the bleachers season prices, and the West and East upside down 350 TL 750 TL."
New Jersey, will be given 150 pounds worth of the season as a gift, combined with his wife, 30 per cent in combined spaces, students and 50 per cent discount if second season in the area will be announced.
South Korean SUK officially been announced
The trabzonsporf Hyun-jun Suk and reached an agreement about everything, South Korean.
For a year to transfer 750 euros will be paid for temporary rented from Puerto club player.
Euro 1 million a year price guarantee will be the player.
The player has been identified as an option to buy 15 million euros.
Affordable books fired
F garden, on June 11, 2015 at the end of the year put the first two years of signature Pereira sent.
The club chairman Aziz Yildirim, and the board, including a meeting of the Tamer subtilel financial affairs coordinator.
On the table at the meeting was admitted to the economic dimension.
Under agreement with Uefa to keep a level of "years of damage" in the financial help from a weather vane in sensitive davranan reportedly struck by lightning.
Pereira's representatives have been contacted.
The mission will be notified.
2-2.5 million deal ten euros
In some spots are still unresolved issues, that's why today or tomorrow, the official statement said.
Pereira and his team is not an official statement for the team went to practice yesterday.
The total cost of this operation was around 4 million euros.
But the price for a number of garden under a deal that will f anneulment said.
2-2.5 million euros if paid in advance, Pereira's ücretini F garden to a number between going to finish the job.
Pereira it will be paid a monthly salary if he won't cooperate.
And then, if an agreement with a team that will be paid.
Yeah, finally signed a big revolution happened, and Pereira went Fenerbahce fans.
Vitor Pereira, Caner Erkin, Luis Nani has been at war with the martyrs.
Robin Van Persie was lightly injured have been recovered.
Vitor Pereira's right, I'll be glad you're going to get worse, I think that our management.
I believe I'm happy to stay.
Pereira's gone, the champion Fenerbahce.
Vitor Pereira luggage line up with 3-5-2 you can go now.
Pereira's gone to kadýköy at 18.
Serdar Cakir has been suspended from duty
Turkish Football Federation (TF) upper class at the Observer reported that the referee Serdar ın Cakir was relieved of duty.
At the Rio Olympic Games in right now our referee Cuneyt Cakir's father Alan referee Cakir flfa mission last year of controversy in the community to be on the referee Serdar açmıştı.
At TF, in the past days, with the arbitration panel of judges (found) as part of the fetö representatives and observers of new board was formed.
A smiley face icon from Van Persie
Pereira's claim to the Dutch star Robin Van Persie, given it was the last moments of her own Facebook account shared a veiled.
Fenerbahce of Robin van Persie, who shared photos of himself training took place in a row with a soccer ball icon put a smile.
This was interpreted in the form of sharing, "Pereira's happy to see him go".
Gî hand of history's first independent gold
Rio 2016 Olympic double trap shooting games in history, with one major category in the first gold medal brought fehaid gî hand independent athletes.
Double trap Olympic Shooting Centre in the competition in the medals were distributed in the category.
Olympic athletes participating in the country due to the sentence to Kuwait with the independent games category, in the final 49 yaşındaki gî hand double trap, with Italian Marco Innocenti karşılaştı.
His opponent with a 26 24 win a gold medal with the first name in the Olympics last gî hand independent athletes.
A veiled to I opened the door
at the 2016 Rio Olympics as a veiled Egyptian Doaa elghobashy in beach volleyball, women who struggle, "I and my rivals I respect those involved in a bikini, and headscarf," he said.
In recent years, said he wanted to break perception about Islam, "my headscarf elghobashy took up residence in the West in the Olympics I've never had any problem with."
They're fighting capabilities of athletes here.
Many of the world of Islam, I'm getting positive messages via social media of the country.
Especially women "are you encouraging us, we're proud of you," they said.
I opened a door to women with headscarves, "he said.
Sometimes they ask foreign athletes coming to you, why 20-year-old Egyptian elghobashy wore a dress that closed, "Tell them I'm going out dressed like that when the need to understand my religion," he said.
Kazhakstani Landin honey made history
One of the biggest surprises of Landin honey Dmitriy swimming history took place yesterday morning kazhakstani against Victory.
200 metres butterfly swimmers from the United States is considered a favourite in 2 minutes 7 seconds split second, the victory of the 46 Landin honey.
The first swimming gold medal in the history of Kazakhstan, and the United States, Josh Prenot 2:07.70 2:07.53 Per Landin honey brings with him from taking a degree of Russian Chupkov izledi.
The Sun: Friendship in the foreground
Besiktas coach þenol sun, with the Super Bowl game of the community would be very meaningful death anniversary ceremonies, Solomon says he wishes for a fair fight.
Experienced coach, "friendship, the Brotherhood more than ever that we need these days only in the field in the stands in front of the plan I fully believe isn't going to be," he said.
The ringleader fetö Gülen's assets were confiscated
Adana prosecutor's office by people linked to organized crime Bureau of Investigation and technical terror fetö / the PD and institutions in the making of immovable, belonging to a steep increase in illegal construction plans in the PD by way of funding towards ensuring the fetö terrorist organization / değerinin indictment on the suspect, 17 Adana 2. Manhattan criminal court case had been opened.
The defendant attempted to eliminate'anayasal fethullahçıs Gülen's number one material, at the trial the court order, with the defendants were laughing about it is so overwhelmed, and Jamal a-wohl ikemal elibal Omar Ekinci, a warrant to arrest the çıkardı.
But it's not until the trial court agreed to be done for the four accused elusive and fugitive a-wohl procedures.
Adana 2. The case to ensure the rights to stay on top of that, in heavy Penal Court found in a foreign country, and therefore failed to reach him, and it is so overwhelmed Omar Jamal, Ikemal Elibal Ekinci fethullahçıs isfortalking duruma düşeni Smiley's "criminal procedure act in accordance with article 278/1 (cm) of" all assets have decided to go.
The court's decision in Turkey, and the estates of the defendants a-wohl together air transportation, and they're going to take any of the Army-Navy club in a safe deposit box and existing shares, which the company, precious, it's been frozen bank accounts.
Hüseyin Gülerce: Gülen's collapse, depends on three foot to collapse
As fetö re-volt-ing Hüseyin gülerce made statements about the coup attempt.
The statement highlights Hüseyin gülerce, they said:
The last five to six months as they attempt to blow through my mind about this in my writing, "they can attempt, but they can't do in the chain of command" I've written.
I didn't know two things; First of all, it is common in diameter and eight years to be deep and commanding officer of general commander of the president of the gendarmerie, for example, Mr. Squires.
Mr. President, who knows how to keep most people who struggle the most important thing about this unusual, but when he chooses aid-de-camp confidentiality.
A lot of hypocrites.
"This is the most important evidence is not business as fetö, a retired preacher can" be as deep as this is one of the testimony of a conspiracy.
Surely getting support from the CIA.
This person, very early, the CIA got.
In 2014, in 1971, says coach in the House of Vehbi Machmed exalts with Smiley discuss fethullahçıs Fuat East.
It's a lot of people who deals with the myth that period of time with the closest of relations between the CIA as a time, he says.
The United States don't remember that our armed forces personnel after he was just one salary, paid thus far.
When we learn that, in 2014.
After this summer, in a statement that Bey's Machmed belieth olmadı.
For example, was caught in a row Öksüz Fair isn't it?
This is who is wondering.
Man in the last 25 days before the impact went back to Pennsylvania twice, two days ago.
109 times Öksüz fair since 2002 have gone abroad.
All this time, you put together, we need a şunun araştırılması Now all the people who fled to the United States, which went to the United States with a Smiley fethullahçıs March since 1999, that they need to be investigated.
They went to Pennsylvania, that would be considered for the occasion.
And the original, but there can be detected by the CIA contacts; Police sent to the United States, especially in people who need to increase safety in a lot of people.
WikiLeaks documents, too: This association and setting up meetings with the CIA in association with a Laugh.
Those connections with the CIA for 15 years ago to show that made it work.
Fuat Avni said the pool is two years ago I was an intelligence in Pennsylvania.
Fuat Avni man trying to work in the prime minister's office.
But the bad thing; This information to the CIA to Pennsylvania as he fell down.
Gülen's collapse, depends on three foot to collapse; One friend said he was a public database, which we have this coup attempt, even those who are still pretty deep in hypnosis, Erdogan's film, they say.
I was telling you about three feet, a grassroots support.
Questions about the theft, theft, servant, it's pretty hard to support.
The other two legs. political support, international support.
International support still exist.
The only thing to break with political support was taken by MHP executives fetö Baikal tapes documented.
July 15, using Mr. Kılıçdaroğlu "fetö" and then everyone GIC opened her eyes.
"I'm not doing all around me," says the feigners such a Laugh.
In my side says "Hey Mr. Hossain, this girl, now they're sending me a lot of different dreams, I banned my students, because it's not right to work with dreams."
An audio recording, she fell in that audio talkingto Barbaros' re: My teacher friends, we saw the dream double tweets.
1 in Nusaybin became a martyr to the police
In the quarter, according to the police who patrol Eyyup Saladin armored vehicle opened fire with a mission where terrorists with guns.
The first to become a martyr, a police officer in the fire, a police officer was injured.
Two terrorists in a shoot-out on the police response has been neutralized.
Nusaybin state hospital, police have been injured.
Operation underway in the region.
It's not a TV broadcast were occupied by military coup
July 15 coup attempt in the private share important night of heroic resistance to air TV, thanks to a technical staff provided in in türksat continued.
That's hero asým akkaya.
Read the proclamation on TRT, adding that they cut the transmission of psychology at the time of the resistance akkaya, "from a helicopter opened fire, thinking it was a martyr of my friends I risked everything."
They wanted me to put a gun to my head and publications.
I closed the only local TV.
We have to go to get away from the building after saying that I made the dish antennas.
I spent time in 20 minutes where antennae.
"I didn't cut the wires again but here I was in some publications," he said.
TV broadcast in the Milky Way when you can't make it to cut off the in türksat coup brought in specialists.
These terrorists on the scene was captured by the police, the first three minutes.
When they came to them about an hour after the coup on the phone and TV programs, you understand that right now, in which a brush with death continues akkaya said they told us:
The night shift at 8 o'clock that night I took over.
There was entrusted to us.
A friend of mine for e-government and the electrical system was on duty.
We like to drink tea during our meeting for 9 p.m. and was flying low over our helicopters.
The helicopter still had a few aircraft flying low around more quiet.
We saw lights.
The image was probably capable of unmanned aerial vehicles.
Helipkopterlerin was flying from the front.
I'll be there for 11 years, the first time I saw this close to flight the guard aradım.
After starting a movement.
Look at the bridge was closed while we learned the news.
The shift in security in that moment, our general manager at the time to get them to friends who gave instructions to the building.
For all of the information we learned in the guardhouse on TRT giderken düştüğünü packages.
TRT broadcasts have been interrupted for five minutes.
I couldn't reach, but I was the main center TRT.
He said it had started to read a statement, the station is coming back, and control of TRT.
We immediately instructed the general manager of the assistant general manager, wanted to be cut off Halil yesilcimen TRT.
TRT channel from broadcasting to cut through a large cut to three we started working.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has said "attempt" there's a little while ago we heard about it.
"Definitely TRT" order us to get a little resistance put the director.
We heard the helicopter, after a while we cut TRT.
Everywhere we went out, in the guardhouse helicopter shot down a side, everyone scattered.
We hid in a building in the back.
We were a total of 12 people.
Late in the back of a helicopter when ineni soldiers we went inside.
A few of our captured soldiers.
We have to leave them alone, it turns out.
And they've got Our Assistant general manager at the time I saw we have collapsed knee.
The soldiers they were talking among themselves.
"Let's just one of them, fear," he said.
Then they put in all of us.
Commanders "who is in charge, I'm not going to ask again," she started screaming.
"We'll shoot someone," When I heard in the kind of conversations we thought: But we don't know about the country, directed by a US "TRT's for sure," he said.
That means there is a resistance.
I felt I had that moment of my own life.
"It's just me."
That moment I stood up without knowing what to do.
The only thing I think about that moment, my friends in the guardhouse from a helicopter opened fire olmasıydı.
10, 15 in the guardhouse and a friend I thought it was a martyr "in the end they're going to kill us thinking," a relief when he collapsed on me.
The commander in the early "TRT, except you're going to cut all publications," he said.
Local TV stations when we got out that we monitor the satellite system.
We're going to air the 80 of them from the local 200 of the room.
I came to this room.
There was no national broadcast between them.
If I cut all this stuff and if I tell them all cut off income support or at least until he gets outside help.
Or go as far as I left he said.
Eventually we agreed we can't go from there.
"I'll be all right," I said.
I cut out the antenna of one of the local channel packages.
I was able to monitor the monitors, cut power to our national channels.
So there's no signal on every screen writing.
I said I needed to go completely antennas to be cut.
Commander two soldiers sent to me.
"Stop right there," said one soldier, I opened the antenna.
The gun to my forehead dayadı.
"TRT all of them but you will, no one will be no more, one of you, I'm going to shoot in the end it'll be you," he said.
I can now easily past me, "you'll see if you go to all of them will be frozen" that for me, I said I didn't say anything else.
I was sitting around, we've got to the station cut local publications.
The other antenna geçtik.
At that time I have developed a system for close to 20 national future.
When it was about 20 local channels have gone to waste the monitor.
My Lord, and we certainly didn't answer that helped us a while and they tied the prudence.
They believed that we have answers.
Leave it alone.
Well, that's a relief.
The location of a power transformer after they asked me out of the antenna.
"I don't know I'm a publisher TV," I said, "Do you have an electrician in among you," he said.
"In the evening shift, if not an electrician come after team failure," I said.
In fact, at that time there was an electrician.
It occurred to me, I didn't kıbrıs publications.
I was thinking about cutting them to keep soldiers.
Publications because they thought they were cut off a little relieved.
It was impossible to think to look at the broadcasts.
It's been waiting for the band anymore.
About an hour later in the waiting room when they saw a news broadcast on TV.
In private.
"I'm commander didn't cut a news broadcast," he said.
The US, we made eye contact.
"Get up," he said.
I woke up.
A soldier in that moment, "they've got the ongoing," he said.
"There are channels broadcasting in Cyprus," he said.
"They broadcast via Cyprus, we can't do anything to them," I said.
"After chatting with someone lifted us all up and go," he said.
The van from in türksat coup kaçtılar.
The soldier who took me to the toilet seat and I saw the photos that van had been executed in the water.
They were shooting at three times in the forehead and cheeks, was shot.
My friends did confirm it was the same soldier.
They were called to the soldier "son" in our side.
It's probably a who ended his military service.
To get rid of it, they could be executed.
According to the first police unit to in türksat gölbaşı asým akkaya's statements came from.
The police, security teams and helicopters around when I found out she went to pick up ammunition to the county's comb.
40 minutes later, they came back.
The police when they couldn't see anyone except in türksat teams in the guardhouse.
The cops just four minutes later, Samanyolu TV, which were sent from the so-called expert kişilerin binaya told akkaya, "police squads to us from the inside, we need access to emergency personnel in türksat we called," they said. "
"Police identification when they held their phones and in a four in a flurry of'yakalandık" because they know, "he said.
Then from yenikapı dagkapi spirit
The AK party, citizens in the region to build "bridges the" artist, sportsman and businessman, a large delegation of opinion leaders, including Diyarbakir and Mardin, van and boarding at the beginning of September.
The PD's bloody coup attempt, the AK party after the seizure of the junta St / fetö "yenikapı spirit" of democracy to diyarbakýr preparing to carry him.
Before the Eid al-Adha, which will be held in eastern and southeastern Anatolia province aid campaign from mayors CHP and MHP will be invited.
"The government and people in your side" message to give the people of the region, the AK Party, which will help the needy and poor families.
The AK party in the end of the first time in the heart of the month of Ramadan Myk meeting addressed the bridge project.
In the region, especially the families affected by terrorism, and young people need positive results in a meeting of the heart of the project surveyed çocuklara yönelik bridge at Eid al-Adha, the continuation of the decision was taken.
Deputy Chairman, President of Public Affairs, Mehmet Müezzinoğlu, chaired by civil society studies are underway.
12 cities in eastern and southeastern Mardin and Diyarbakir, according to this, in Van, will gather.
This is considered to be done in three provinces in the night before meetings.
Events, artist and businessman, sportsman, and opinion leaders to attend.
Aid organization, at these meetings and work to be addressed.
Delegations of famous names in the Eid al-Adha, will help citizens in person.
After the holidays, school supplies for children, schools and youth allowances will be opened in this way will be attended to.
Sacrifice will be distributed to those in need.
Between July 15 after a national unity against coup of the AK Party, CHP and MHP, and this project will be reflected in the air.
The project will be invited for organizations in 12 cities, including heads of CHP and MHP knowledge.
Three of the party executive, will help with activities.
The HDP as it is believed to be not be invited to events at Yenikapı.
"Talked to ününden father-in-iaw Öksüz Fair
July 15 coup attempt are regarded as the number 1 with his father-in-law, mother-in-law to the courthouse were detained at number fetö öksüz was Fair, was transferred.
The court and judicial control, lightning and Thunder Jawad father-in-iaw hadeeja mother-in-law when they released on condition that the curfew is abroad.
Speaking at the courthouse, also called for surrender Jawad said her son-in-law lightning: "I'm in the government side."
Of God damn it.
Actually, I know I know I don't know the öksüz fair in 18 years.
So I don't have a son-in-law öksüz fair.
I want him caught at once.
How Turkey can live in this way, nor may live in the world.
You trust gelsin, Turkish justice.
If he made a mistake to take the rap.
It's a US escape.
It's a shame it's a shame to the police, the state.
20-25 days, the police don't do something else.
You don't want to come back to Syria, Turkey, Yildirim said, adding that "this is not a coup, we need to work."
We don't want him to be like Syria and Turkey.
There was a neighbor like Turkey, Syria.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan as a president.
"What we'll work with us." he said.
Meanwhile, the last hours of Highway on July 19 at 0300 aeceipts the EC clean plates, "Sir" your father-in-law's house in the EC geçerken aracını öksüz filmed after he left his garage, he was in the wind.
Operation FETÖ College: 30 detention
The terrorist organisation in fethullahists izmirli operation this morning as part of the button for an investigation is conducted at the University of several novels.
Izmirli financial crimes in the operation, which was carried out by the Home Office clerk izmirli Chalabi university branch, about 30 of 40 suspects were detained in custody decision addresses members of the university.
Detained in the operation, which was carried out with instructions izmirli prosecutor's office has been named among professors.
Names have been detained for questioning at the department to fight financial crimes.
And the search continues for the other names.
The prosecutor tried to commit suicide in custody
County Police Department, according to the public prosecutor's office, as part of the investigation teams attempted to detain viranşehir Ahmet cans.
It's immoral, claimed he was going to kill himself by pointing his gun on himself.
Persuaded by his wife and his colleagues to commit suicide, up from the courthouse edilerek gave up.
Intimacy, county police department detained götürüldü.
No smoking in parks and sports fields
The mayor, Salim yağcı Dheikh Ebedali culture and Convention Centre in number during the signing ceremony, the city council's decision to park in the areas of sports and games, they said in a material point requires fuzzler sure no one smokes.
New generations about protocol for the future of all public institutions, yağcı executives meet in an attempt to sign the protocol they wished to be good for children and young people, reminding ourselves.
Provincial health director, and young people to get people to raise the cigarette away from bad habits in Yasin Yýlmaz protocole bildirdi.
After the speeches, the mayor of education, university president Prof. Dr. Ibrahim Sheikh ebedali yağcı ongue Stone, director of public health director Omar Yilmaz, director of health knowledge, standing virtue ongue Balci, public hospitals and the deputy chairman of the temperance Association deputy secretary-general Serkan Kadir sharp l-lilal argument bilecik branch signed a protocol.
In Ergenekon conspiracy, saw FETÖ killed
Ankara Public Prosecutor's Office of Special forces closed in 2009, president of the case for "suicide" in investigating the role of the fetö behxhet Oktay's mysterious death.
He died six days ago and the rest of the same government housing Oktay with Hezbollah a terrorist organisation, Oktay ı suspect Ramazan akyürek, former police intelligence agency under a false name so the one who bugged it a prime suspect in the investigation.
Police seized as part of a part of the Ergenekon investigation in military supplies stolen from the Office of Special Forces team that was buried by fetö, suggests that he was killed for Oktay's identified.
On February 25, 2009 in Ankara, who was shot from the beginning of the term as president of the special forces "suicide" to the death of behxhet Oktay said.
But there was a lot of questions in the case.
Family lawyers and family gave evidence and legal struggle to put out two years later, after all this time it's a murder investigation was opened.
The Left-handed shot himself in his right hand of Oktay said it was a gun.
Also on the bones and rib fractures were detected traces of violence on the body.
Murder investigation and trial opened in May 2012.
Murder trial when he died of gunshot residue on his hands, and only found in common with Halil delaudid trial.
At the end delaudid trial were acquitted.
The letter to the prosecution of another crime in prison and was involved in sending Oktay, the death of "obstruction and judicial authorities take the fall," said nurhan leader of the crime and was sentenced to six months in prison.
That prosecutors should be investigated
In the meantime, the prosecutor said a "suicide" when I retired, Mustafa Yalcin Hussein, who has been promoted to the Supreme Court murder investigation properly.
With his family's attorney wants prosecutors investigated Oktay Nihat Yildirim's autopsy.
Behxhet Oktay's sister and brother in the process of trial lawyers, Oktay decent şule Oktay and his family was found in a lot of demand.
Halil delaudid's specially trained family wanted an expansion of the investigation, he says he's not possible, Oktay ı alone.
Up to the waist, and Mustafa Yalcin, Hussein, prosecutors said the family with proper law enforcement officials who wants to detect and wanted to be judged as a suicide Behxhet Oktay file.
He died six days ago all the demands of the family was rejected, Oktay's false name to a member of Hezbollah a terrorist organisation, "Abdurrahman doğru" turned out to rest.
The president of the intelligence agency has been identified as Ramazan Akyürek Up listening to police.
This new development in the murder took place on the Ankara prosecutor's office in fethullahists Behxhet Oktay file terrorist organization (fetö), started to pull your finger.
Ankara and the rest of the criminal court case against Oktay's illegal to begin on September 19.
Of course there's FETÖ behind
Interviewed in the morning of the current investigation being conducted, Oktay family hopeful.
Family members of the investigation and trial, before the murder was covered up his finger during the show says fetö.
"This is the murder actually pbblt geldi." Şule Oktay, sister
And we didn't get it.
My brother before he was killed, "they're going to eat me," he said.
"Who" I said to me.
Then he pointed me offshooting the FETÖ.
I was thinking I will be relieved of duty.
I never thought I didn't bring death.
Of course there are behind this fetö.
"This administration, it was in the hands of that time," he said.
Teenager, called the family attended a prayer
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, punctuated by the previous evening, in the last shift to democracy in the presidential complex, called the AK party after its citizens through parliament, democracy and martyrs blue Nazim's family called Omar can leery-eyes College.
01.30 during that call came in at night they pray for his son, "Mr. President, joined in our prayers." leery-eyes fahrettin father
"I said it was important for us is that the country and his health," he said.
"Your health is important to us"
President Erdogan called the night before the presidential complex in front of citizens.
That's going on in the middle of the night after his speech, Erdogan said in some citizens came together.
An aunt's hand, walking with the old guard democracy took hold of one of the kids chatted with citizens, Tayyip Erdogan, thanked citizens for their sacrifice.
Erdogan's AK Party deputy through July 15, later, Nazim blue Sinop's father called the martyr Omar canı leery-eyes fahrettin leery-eyes.
The 21-year-old student who was shot in front of presidential complex tobb University law school life at home at night at 01.30 fahrettin leery-eyes, Omar's father and son called President Erdogan said that while praying for the martyrs, "my son, we pray for our president when I joined in prayers."
I said I was very important for us of our country and his health.
"Your honor, and we are very pleased to pray on the phone call our president," he said.
"It's been a pyramid of the fetö
He was arrested at number 26 on Urla izmirli FETÖ.
Among those arrested based on statements of victims within the organisation so time to put an end to the newspaper referred to as "mütegallibe to" bully and threaten those who are in the hepyalç kurtuluş Regent.
20, was arrested in sister nün with baneling FETÖ.
In Bursa province, including former commissioner of the Butler was transferred to the courthouse that 24 people in Bursa province, Ali Osman.
Imamiya doctor was arrested
The organisation responsible for the doctors in Edirne aydýn tünbel imam has been arrested.
30, of Denizli, 14 of them at the University of Pamukkale University professor, two academics at the University of Alanya, Karabük Keykubat Aladdin in Rize at number 19 FETÖ Colonel Hilmi Cockboat was taken into custody.
In Diyarbakir, the prosecutor and two deputy governor, governor of the eight judges and two were taken into custody.
It turned out that they did in the trial of one of the detention of judges.
The deputy governor in Batman Şener Ages have been suspended.
Two police officers from the police chief was arrested at Istanbul police açığa alınan 465.
In Konya in Kayseri, 51, with the police in Adana, Malatya in Siirt province in 14 14 10 imam Naim S. He was arrested.
The PKK a traitor who was protecting the public
For more than 40 years to finish in the fight against the PKK, Turkey's struggling state terror organization, I don't know why this is a ruthless leaders which began to surface.
Turkey's institutions, the militants have infiltrated Turkey's critical to hog-tie fetö worked for four from the side.
At this point today, the Russian plane as reducing the Uludere Hrant Dink murder, serious doubts that there is evidence of the fetö critical events in the back and began to emerge.
He's a lot of swelling
July 15 coup attempt and the assassination of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Marmaris raid the hotel during the operation, Brigadier general Gökhan Þahin sönmezateş's record at number fetö hayli putfy turned out to be.
When planes take off the air before it was determined to do the PKK terrorists's sönmezateş operation reported.
Gökhan sönmezateş putfy's record has been identified as intelligence agencies in his research.
Terrorists protected
The PKK, as well as the objectives set by Turkish warplanes shot exactly leaked lntelligence came up.
That's the leader of the PKK a terrorist organisation on the outskirts of MIT's Gökhan Sönmezateş ilişkin oflights intelligence staff, has been claimed by point deviated averted shooting targets.
The coordinates for targets to destroy the PKK's leader, by replacing the Air Staff, war planes hit places on the side that has been identified as a terrorist organisation, the surviving leaders.
In the investigation and intelligence targets, and where they are being deflected in off the PKK terrorists from escaping from f*16 played a key role of sönmezateş ortaya çıktı.
thirty-seven thousand officer's file opens
Members of the fetö terrorist coup attempt on Gülen fethullahçıs after spraying began the process of rebuilding at the Ministry of Defence and the national armed forces.
The questions were stolen by the military, which is not a member of the fetö, especially military high schools students when it was sent to schools, a comprehensive cleanup should be intimidated commenced.
The last 39 grand export 287 officer for the general and admirals approximately 37 thousand officers will be held while cleaning for these officers.
For that to the rank of lieutenant colonel of the promotions on their rosters, especially as they're frozen.
A comprehensive investigation to be completed before a promotion.
Officers began to open up 37 thousand single file.
Working with soldiers of a fastidious ortaya substractive FETÖ.
If there is no relationship with Fetö officers will continue their mission.
Until the end of the army, but it's going to take a promotion for the fight against fetö at number of officers following an investigation will be raised in.
If the investigation, MIT police intelligence and State Supervisory Council run together.
The officers under investigation by finishing school or file a civil war, they took their places and commanders that they rank promotions, the mission is being investigated.
And even a member of the order over whether they're going to be investigated with a fastidious fetö.
Officers found no connection to fetö every precaution to prevent interference from the process will also be negative.
If that officer encountered the slightest doubt that will be dispatched immediately based on the judiciary.
Contact information and documents in connection with the army of fetö, identified those rights will cease immediately.
This entire process, while frozen during review promotions to deepen.
The measures necessary on their rosters for exports then't alınacak.
And if they want to those who were forced to retire the caliper fetö TSK drops out of the investigation after security staff and friends back in the same özlük rights with the equivalent of jobs.
Two thousand 133 officerbuy exported
The joint chiefs of staff to take on July 1 as the number of 39 thousand 287 officer explained.
Lieutenant Colonel and lieutenant colonels, Lieutenant, major, 32, of the Staff Officer Grade in the army, navy and air force was in charge of a black majority 289.
However, the first wave of expulsions in black, on July 27 in the air in the Marine Corps' sı aktardık 726 314 grand officers, including 99 59, was thrown from the mission.
The decree of 31 July, including the gendarmerie general command in the black 125th 909 304 officer was dismissed with a thousand more from the Turkish armed forces cut off.
Pehlivanoğlu: "I FETÖ poisoned, which caused
The MHP's founder and chairman of the guards Alparslan türkeş retired superintendent tasseen pehlivanoğlu, in collaboration with one of the family was murdered and poisoned to death türkeş fetö suggested that he did.
from 1977 until 1997, died at any moment, "so far, so I didn't tell anyone, but with türkeş pehlivanoğlu Muhsin yazıcıoğlu's helicopter part of the yarn, that soldier görüntüsünü Watch and the same of our president to speak after he saw I was in charge of the situation," he said.
Here's what they say türkeş protection:
We went to Germany in 1997.
Three days ago we had a check-up before a chieftain.
The 33-year-old doctor Fikret burdurlu to check up, "you're like 18-year-old Young."
"You don't have anything," he said.
Why is this doctor died of a heart attack if one month later.
We're back to Ankara on April 3.
I went to amasya Basbug.
They called me and they went for an engagement at a Hilton dönerken Ankara.
After the engagement, Which Caused the driver to "open rear window" Alparslan says.
He didn't knock the glass in your life.
Chip to open the window when there is a voice.
They've done CPR before medical center in Çankaya, electro, but it was over.
Bayindir Medical Center, we took together but it was too late.
I think someone from his family in amasya, poisoned.
To which caused there was no autopsy.
The former wife and I heard about the condition, which caused my discourse sevalka to go out and made declarations on the defensive, not just because, like, "he was killed, which caused".
The conquest kablr yaptırır, people open the grave.
They say a heart attack.
Türkeş grave should be opened again.
Alparslan, Which Caused was murdered?
In Pennsylvania were arrested trying to smuggle gold!
Several of the PD in izmirli 1.5 kilos in weight during the operation against the fetö / businessmen, Pennsylvania, was confiscated during ashipment under sick.
During the operation to be trafficked to work in the calls made to wait more than 30 kilos of gold was found in Pennsylvania was sick.
I get to be shipped to Pennsylvania businessman Mehmet you get the gold jewelers in the workplace of the three people detained after his arrest and sent to prison.
And again during the operation as part of the investigation, conducted in izmirli essence elected Mustafa was arrested and detained businessmen, Forever the Messenger.
Provincial Police Department headquarters on July 29 izmirli financial crime teams in the Western Mediterranean and Aegean branch operation organized by the Federation of industrial and transport board chairman Mustafa Essence transit bat businessmen (esİdef) with oil and tour. Tic. Messenger (honeycomb) owners and elected şti.'nin electorine detained Forever Ltd.
Kyrgyzstan, while trying to escape to the president of essence fethullahçıs yakalanan esİdef izmirli Adnan Menderes airport in the first board of trustees, Gülen and he's the son of Aegean region of the fetö essence Osman robust is one of the most important names had been determined.
The other businessmen detained for allegedly providing funding to fetö Messenger they were seized in five petrol station owner of the individual and It was reported.
1 in 3 hours and robbed a gas station vehicle
The incident occurred last night in the Eagle.
A vehicle they hijacked two unsubs found on the road before coming to an eagle with a gas station after another gas station, after 300 yards away on another station robbed the side of the road again with a gun.
Shortly after the robberies last eagle in a study by the police catch alertsacross unsubs başlattı.
Police teams C. unsubs Ş. The U. A.'nın and tracking the vehicle.
They used to run down of the vehicle, which began at Eagle Square in the meantime, The Suspects returned fire to the police.
One of the suspects on foot after being caught by the ongoing kovalamacası Avenue on sovereignty.
Police suspect caught in a short period of time in the second in line with C. ş.'den received a tip.
The suspects were arrested after an eagle at the office procedures.
Meanwhile, masked robbery was captured by cameras.
The gas station security cameras in the footage, reflected in the first suspect as wearing masks and gas station in the vehicle after exploring the outside and going back to the market with their weapons.
There is a struggle between the prime suspect in the grocery store employee and market first.
The suspect out of the other person in front of the market attack after he was wearing a mask and going in with a gun.
The suspect pulled his gun after disarming the 6,000 employees in the running with 200 liras.
The top three stations of the search for suspects they hijacked the vehicle they hijacked an unregistered gun and nearly 15 Liras, still possessed.
In the Pacific Ocean the size of the earthquake at 7.2
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) centre, the epicenter of New Caledonia island 10 miles deep in the sea bed that the quake was recorded 109 miles east explained.
The loss of life and property, open the way after the earthquake, tsunami warning was canceled shortly after.
"Pacific" Ring of Fire in Vanuatu, which took place in the earthquake, earthquake generation often occurs.
Unaware of the martyrdom prayed
July 15 at the night of the Bosphorus Bridge, near the fortitude, 38, was protecting the Tough life.
Yet the news of the coup attempt, his wife that night when his wife Fatma life, don't have a chat with the "martyrdom şevval ayında which prayer," You know, that makes him a martyr in the house on this prayer recommended prayer, he said.
After watching the news from evening prayers and added that the coup attempt, they learned life TV Patma şunları told us:
And we left together.
When we went to the bridge, there were people waiting there.
US tank enters the Bridge, opened fire twice.
When we took cover, then we go we continued moving tanks.
The bus a stop on the bridge there was a big point.
It's so crowded.
We've been there for a while, we waited.
What we thought we'd do when you can't move forward.
He wanted us to the Tough side.
When I'm guessing a sniper with a clear Lane was shot there, and we have been the target.
In four hours after the prayer and pray that he became a martyr.
Didn't know anything about a coup.
Allah's wisdom.
Allah, Allah, the area.
My wife earlier "if I die on my grave a fruit trees," he said.
I have fulfilled this wish on your grave with a plum tree.
They owe them gratitude for Erdogan visited President fatomeh life, and added "God bless you from yourself," he said.
During an excavation of the skull and bone fragments found!
Ankara, according to information obtained in the Cankaya neighbourhood street and enthusiasm for eight new schools at the intersection of Railway Street, in addition to bone fragments from the job done for rewiring of their machines when working out.
On this staff and residents reported the situation.
Dispatched police teams on the scene reported.
Three out of work during the work, and bone fragments from the skull crime scene investigation teams, the police who gave me the news.
After Forensic teams examine the scene with plastic bags to the bone fragments durdurulması götürüldü.
The residents of the bones were removed from an old cemetery, where he was surrounded by slums on the cemetery, in the 1960s, later claimed he had been in the slums.
Initiated a review about the incident.
Rita's killer's extradition could take four months
Body found in pond after 34 days missing in Istanbul izmitlis German hairdresser Rita Winkler is a suspect in Germany four months later (39) narrow her boyfriend four months, Turkey, extradition yakalanan can actually, it said.
Winkler on Thursday, March 3 boyfriend Ali Kemal s. (46), arrived in Turkey to meet.
Ali Kemal s. March 9, after meeting in Istanbul's Pendik and were expected to go back to Germany on Wednesday morning she vanished.
Research conducted by İstanbul police on suspicion of her family reported her missing boyfriend Winkler who is married Ali Kemal s. focused on.
ATV screens on April 13, published in the program's brother, Hussein Ali Kemal's bittersweet with Müge forehead s s in a pond and dig in the work that belonged to the report did.
Work was on report for work.
Winkler's body was found buried on the floor, the workplace.
Conflicting statements about the murder and police who evaluated in helping to Ali Kemal s brother, Hussain S. (42) was arrested.
The suspect, Ali Kemal s. Winkler's body was found living in Germany after he was in the wind.
Wanted by Interpol's 190 Hamm, the attorney general in the country to the police caught walking down the street and Ali Kemal s direnmediğini bildirdi.
So far they can't yet identified the suspect was hiding in Turkey where German attorney general and four months to find the process of return, he explained.
July 15, the mosque in the presence of fetö at number of base night raider, who turns out they were shooting Sala mosque to silence her.
The nearest mosque in the morning, the base for the Raiders attack "on behalf of the Saints" The Imam mosque Tai tai a complaint with images of the mosque statement at the time has arrived.
According to the coup began to read about 50 feet away from the raft directly targeting the speaker shortly after they started shooting.
Cheers to the edge of the speaker and one of four bullets hit.
When the coup was read out by the end of the Speaker of the system can't hit the raft.
According to reports the scene inside the mosque with their boots to break through the door with intent to kill the lmam festivized giren coup.
The mosque's imam, Mustafa Sugar in the statement "I was hurt personally, I can't complain, but the genius who can shoot and win the people that these creatures who were martyred in the worst way I want them punished for it," he said.
Young people killed in the festival drugs
Istanbul's Sariyer hospitalized after falling ill at the festival, held last week 2 of the youth five people lost their lives.
On August 6, according to a youth festival in bahçeköy held in five of those who have been hospitalized after falling ill.
The hospitalized adult (19) (19) and Gokhan Alatas Brigade lost their lives.
If it takes three people and treatment.
Police alleged they sold drugs to teenagers, featured five people were taken into custody.
Police arrested five suspects in the process of being dispatched to the courthouse after three of the two of them, and was released pending a trial.
The cause of death in the investigation continues.
Set up tents on the beach and camping out in the county's Here province, and he was two of six young drug users.
C. g. b. d., and hospitalized He lost his life.
Four other young and the police department for treatment for testimonies after götürüldü.
He detonated a bomb in front of his estranged wife
Living in Bursa province, about eight or nine months ago due to irreconcilable differences, M. Y. 41 year old who left home with his wife in front of the house rented by filling up the ball into his own power, and he hit the nail bomb detonated homemade.
The explosion in the early hours of yesterday evening, when the ball and citizens live in fear and panic due to the environment a lot of pieces of broken windows device caused a fall of the house.
Counter-terrorism teams to catch and run after the incident reportedly started work for unemployed M. y.
The residents to shelter from the house about a month ago due to pressure her, his wife and settled down, he said.
The explosion in prison in the Philippines: 10 dead
A spokesman for the office in Manila penology prison management and senior inspector Xavier on the left, two Chinese nationals in the explosion is still unidentified prison Paranaque 10 prisoners lost their lives, he said.
A guard in the explosion on the left, is gravely injured, adding that "we have confirmed an explosion in the first shown in studies."
"Investigation continues into the cause of the explosion." he said.
Prisoners sent to another building before the incident, when he found out there that you want to see the guard, part of an escape attempt on the left reports on the investigators were looking into whether the explosion, he said.
Police officer in a statement, local media he heard gunshots in the Guardian, Jose Crum after fire on a grenade that exploded in the vicinity of the prisoners, he reported.
How the prison guard who shot a gun, authorities said, they put curumba prisoners still being investigated.
The explosions in Thailand
4 in the city in southern Thailand blasts three people lost their lives.
Hua Hin, Phuket and Trang, officials say three people have died in explosions in the face, Thani, 35 people were injured, including tourists, including, he said.
A spokesman for the police are not connected with terrorist bombings in a news conference phingmuang piyapan explained.
"Thailand regional or religious problem with anyone," there is no phingmuang,
"We think this is an act of sabotage in a phrase," he said.
Junta leader Pray Bell Ocasa told reporters, who was behind the explosions in a statement that said he didn't want to comment.
"We need to focus on peace and calm, reassuring" ocasa, he said.
Bangkok's Erawan shrine at Rajprasong Commercial Center on August 17 last year, the capital in the bomb attack near the 20 people lost their lives, 120 people were injured.
"The Sleeping cruel" to be executed by lethal injection
At least 10 years in the United States in "Grim Sleeper" who was arrested for committing murder yaşındaki Lonnie David Franklin (uyuyan cruel), 63, nicknamed the death sentences.
Drug addicts and prostitutes in Franklin, a former sanitation worker who was picking out target killings.
Judge Kathleen Kennedy, Franklin told the judge "you monstrous and in my life I've never seen so many cruel perpetrator," he said.
Franklin is one of the most bloody killers in the history of California said.
A person convicted of attempted murder and intentionally killing 10 people in Franklin was being executed by lethal injection.
"Eat precautions against FETÖ in Macedonia
The legal distinction, if he cottons on to the secretary of state in Macedonia and countries of the fetö extensions for investigations to step in and they're starting out, he said.
The organisation in the same time, and the media in Macedonia in the world that if he cottons on activities in the job of reminding us that "all these things in public opinion known."
Now their children to school here, the Turks don't fetö.
And now here we are calling for their children for send our people.
"Before the people's hospitality group, and this structure to benefit from better known by the public," he added.
Meteor showers will be the scene
National tubitak Observatory, astronomy and space sciences department faculty member and researcher Istanbul University, Prof. Dr. Hasan esenoğlu AA reporter in a statement Saturday, August 13 to 12 August Perseid's Friday night to reach the highest level that he said.
The sun's rays and the impact of the thousands of part of a comet called mtake Perseid meteor shower "- Swift Tuttle" and that made this situation would become the natural visual esenoğlu adeta, he said.
The Sky for the first time he was discovered in 1862, the Perseids esenoğlu Stone from start to appear again in the 1990s, the world, he said.
Perseid meteors voicing watch for esenoğlu in July and August rain, "from outer space, we watched a visual feast that we have to take care of."
Ultimately, this is a natural visual feast.
"The universe will contribute to know better." He added.
When it's cold, warm white light while spread red
Some of the size of the sky during the rain, esenoğlu ientiis fallout is going to fall to Earth in the stone and drew attention to, he added:
Perseid temperatures may be as much as two thousand centigram.
In the atmosphere from friction and heating, hot and cold in the natural environment while the Perseids red when they produce white light.
How many of the international organization seen in the sky website göktaşı contribution to science writing may be made.
It's worth of data gathered from all over the world for carrying information.
See all night
The sky is about 60 miles per second of the stone in the sky at the visual reminder of this little light in the northeast, esenoğlu places to be monitored in a good way of expressing all night long.
Stone added that more than 100 a year of the sky, and then the rain occurred on December 4-17 esenoğlu Perseid meteors of Geminid meteors, noted that there is a phenomenon worth watching.
Erdogan, less educated, former soccer player
If that balance, less educated, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who led by former player with a large extent a religious populist Islam fethullahçıs Gülen, the entrepreneur from Texas who founded the Institute of high school and college education more than a thousand to moscow-one educated followers of the alliance was the winner.
Last week, in the top foreign policy in the sentence in an article published in translation.
Erdogan, who graduated college and less educated, former soccer player; If that qualify as an entrepreneur, open-minded and Gülen's graduate school, often cited in articles like this and laugh openly praised disciples of the Western press.
After that, on the other hand, "Why America rising opposition in Turkey and / or the West?" In these articles titled "because Erdogan." They're trying to bring in a statement to start with sentences.
In the west Turkey, Erdogan's Turkey as a situation that Analysts see securing nevzuh is ignorant of history at the time to think that it was possible.
In fact, judging by statistics, the opposition in Turkey, Erdogan's first period on average ten years or less can be read as a period when the West.
Ten years in the United States and European Union because it is in sync with good relations in the form of was ongoing.
Erdogan's "Don't be criticised, with one minute Israel in Syria as a result of the massacres by the Assad regime in the EU's inability put out a clear policy on the outbreak of war and refugee crisis, European Parliament President Schulz like Turkey, leaving some figures in Britain," We're not dealing with Erdogan "şeklindeki contractor, and that's open attitude to the present time, the Lord Mayor of London competition unfaith Erdogan the secretary of state in the last to win, you can't imagine a poetry of nastiness in Turkey PKK suicide bomber entered the country from Syria and PKK's Syrian arm, while the slaughter of our citizens need to fix the YPG in Syria, the United States need to exhibitions in Europe, the glorification of the açtırılırk office serving soldiers wearing YPG uniforms crested special representative in charge of fighting with Daesh, Brett McGurk, special visits to the YPG to opposition groups were left alone to Turkey, as unthreatening as the YPG that Turkey, on the other hand, the shifting intelligence and logistical support to YPG and Daesh in Mosul and Baghdad, in line with the United States are scorned struggle with the support of many similar pressure to reduce the size of our group and why.
Come on, we lose as a result of the bloody coup, while 247 people from the United States and EU countries that the so-called ailies any support for the first time about the absences as proven failure over our democracy, "peace and stability in Turkey," Kerry, and they expect to build democracy if we forgot could do no emphasis on the elected government.
Well, Charlie Hebdo in Paris that killed 11 of the world, including Turkey, but many leaders who joined the protest march for democracy, resisting the tanks for the coup attempt, 247 people were killed over a month later, the "allies" Turkey has yet to be any Western country not have forgotten how any of the president?
A few times a year for the refugee situation is that what we're going to send high-level representatives or representative level under who presidents?
The EU and US ambassadors to wish me all the broken glass to daily Hurriyet, Turkey and bombed the Grand National Assembly passed a solidarity visit we will evaluate how the absence?
When the coup in Egypt in the EU's top representative in the first two weeks now after the coup leader, shook hands with a coup by sending Kerry's visit, "Democracy is being rebuilt," he said, remembering the resistance to support democracy in Turkey's leadership coup upraise Western countries say they worry they're called every chance of avoiding the lack of genuine democracy in Turkey, Turkey too crazy?
Whereas 95% of the public be allowed to live freely in the United States see as responsible for the coup's laughing now, even infuriating enough to Turkish citizens.
Upstairs in the background, I think I counted only if it adds to the opposition that there was a situation that could be explained with Erdogan open to the Western / America Rising.
The United States and still thinks it's not even in a coup, Erdogan etkisinin said.
So never thought he was not the details
"It is de minimis thought," he says, adding that his own people, young voters, who like to see himself as "ignorant, scratching her stomach" idiots, they can play from the same page, July 15 after humiliating night trip, I wonder?
I wonder how people saw this and the state of democracy "where are we, we were wrong" after answering the question is called?
But the answer the questions that must be found so much?
Being a traitor, who served in various departments to use their weapons until yesterday, a moment about how the government and the officers "traitor" and asked for asylum from foreign governments accepted entranceto status.
How do we live in a mental error, and how people will be considered as an obsession with observingthese davranışlara perverslon environment we need to see that.
When it comes to an attempted coup scrambled brains.
Turkey's cities beyond Syria's cities for this demonstration liken it to a point of view we've got one?
An officer why his country's parliament that the bombs?
With the brain of the fetö nün curses, it is probably a mistake to wait for behavior like we shouldn't fall.
But we know that everything is not only responsible for other responsible fetö.
As a career in politics, fight against hatred and hate, they are providing the necessary contributions to tragedies.
In all kinds of illegal behavior, presenting themselves as "enlightened" aymazların on natural and even nasty he's convinced olduğuna masses.
Guns in the hands of those who hate his own people, even when they opened fire in the end, we saw how that give the public.
We know the way, way of democracy
I'm telling you something very simple: People in Turkey on the evening of 15 July in at number fetö, soldier, gave more than 250 the sergerde tufeyl on thieves to set up to save democracy and martyrs.
But in the back of the July 15, 1992-2002; 2002-2012; And then there are three times to 2012.
There are three changes to these three döneminde prepared: economic, social, political.
Social change made two big phenomenon: This is a very long time from the countryside around towns of nomads migration and metropolis after being moved to the station.
That said I was moving through the subway on Wednesday.
I have also stressed that the most important element of social change don't call the subway.
The second big change in line with the same bridges and roads.
The Bridge Road to modernization and contribute to bringing more easily understandable.
The economic and social structure, will change.
We changed that much is a political structure.
I identified more than this date in Istanbul on the throat atılan bridges since.
Demirel, crossing the Bosphorus Bridge on the tests.
This was the pinnacle of the 1960s peasant movement after 1950.
The name of progress in the same direction as the bridge on 15 July martyrs özal, now that we kept the bridge and the second.
This shows the relationship between the environment - even established routes.
He's a sign of how a social change in course being monitored.
Demirel's intention was to melt in the big party and the masses.
It is to adopt them was the center's ideology.
A third bridge over the years, the AK Party didn't do it.
Because migration was driving at full speed.
Satellite cities that people are in place.
In those areas has been a bit of a closed system.
Local governments, business people from the AK party, they gave the AK party to vote for vaccination, social status.
So that the masses at the centre of political consciousness around then, not melting and the adoption "as their own" was asked to come to the station.
The AK Party before the ongoing debate in this formation (1992-2002) and it was relevant.
These discussions with people not to stand side by side in the conservative, pious and backwoods-bred integration lmperative agreed to the masses.
The AK party in 2002, and then I pointed out the way the masses by moving into politics, pride, siyasallaştırdı added.
Now, after all this careful, 3. Construction of the bridge's real-time democratic struggle in July 15.
So, history and sociology matches.
I might add another dimension to this: Istanbul Bridge with only the AK Party's move is not limited to, I'm talking about.
It's something more interesting: The city, the AK Party headquarters neighboring cities now incorporating them.
Through two bridges in this location.
One, Osmangazi bridge.
Two, the 1915 bridge.
Add that the roads.
Now, a different route from Turkey to izmirli Thrace reach.
Do you know what that means Kent will be a different person now, after this izmirli.
Let's say, "inside" The AK party will no longer the izmirli alamadığı "outside".
Now, it will now no longer human and other cities, Bursa province of Canakkale social geographies.
That's enough!
15 July martyrs stars this great adventure.
Van Persie Fenerbahce in training and hfrom neşeli
Fenerbahce, grasshopper in the early morning training continued preparations for that game.
Coach Vitor Pereira in the administration Can the bar started at 10 o'clock in the practice facility, a total of 1 hour 30 minutes.
In the gym and on the field of 30 minutes after the practice, and the players with warm-up deepcore run and pass the ball did get five to two studies.
The couple, in small areas of the training stuff is complete.
Fenerbahce, preparations will continue to do in the evening hours training today.
That person laughing ı Aziz Yildirim, who complain to.
The new developments in the operation is rigged against Fenerbahçe.
CNN Turk, published in this operation was done by a journalist and a program of the fetö "name one of the sports world to Fethullah Gülen, Hüseyin gülerce, Aziz Yildirim, raised about his own words."
"This is the Lightning a day in the plane do Fethullah Gülen, what are you doing with" şeklinde sözleri etmiş.
This person to laugh when these words and transfer to Aziz Yildirim put Fethullah Gülen.
Got to Aziz Yildirim, why?
Turkey's president, that mentality that if the club with most fans might harm himself.
"Match-fixing case ı Aziz Yildirim was to purge" was used the expression.
The case of match-fixing in a statement after these words came from prominent lawyers Faik light.
Opposition leader and was published in the Light Programme FETÖ Habertürk ı Aziz Yildirim announced the people who complain to Fethullah Gülen.
The words of the light Faik at work:
Fethullah Gülen, Aziz Yildirim İhsan Kalkavan to about saying something.
When you come from Azerbaijan, on a private plane.
He's a sense of humor, as he and Mr. Aziz said one Western lines.
In that Western cümleleri maybe a little shake.
Some words that can react.
This is a place where sentences are grown.
It's so much for the pilgrimage, Umrah, towels, with businessmen don't go there, that's not like going to be admitted to tolerate.
What are these, he says, it's heavily criticised.
Of course it's not the only problem.
Meanwhile, a football team and the trial is going on.
Galatasaray football player and club executives from some of the right connections and Hakan şükür.
Muharrem master: A match-rig something different
The trabzonsporf Muharrem master, the president extended hand of friendship to Fenerbahce.
The issue of all clubs, it was a matter of Turkey's master, "We're in the country's 79 million by this." voicing
We need to be on a healthy position.
If there's a problem with Fenerbahce's fetö, Fenerbahce, and I'm standing on the back of the injustice was done.
"However, with about a match-rig between Fenerbahce trabzonsp is different," he said.
Sacrificial prices announced
Nimbus, added: "As a sacrificial cow alive with the price of 18 lira as we have."
"Still alive in the price of a heifer kilogram 17 lira, which we term as a sophomore in the price of 15 lira per kilogram ineğin alive as we identified," he said.
Last year won't be on sale in the victim of the animals that need to be careful when buy Nimbus, drew attention to the victim had been adopted citizens told us:
The ear of animals should be especially careful earring.
The animal to be healthy and very important.
The victim of our citizens that they can control the animal's passport to get the shots.
The victim's itibariyle appearance should be thrown on to be alive and kicking, feathers.
Why shouldn't have symptoms, like saliva and mucus.
The victim in the past year on sale now and we've seen in animals that don't have been sold.
The two age need to fill out a sacrificial animal.
The animal that we can tell by the teeth.
a stuffed animal known as "cover" teeth that we have two years of age.
But if it hasn't been one of these animals age and smaller teeth.
But maybe not as big an animal teeth can be seen on the cover image.
According to the others because it's bigger now cover teeth already noticeable.
Rize airport will be held into the sea
A second airport will be built with the Sea in Turkey will be in the airport.
The Girl with the village in yeşilköy position between County Airport Sunday Rize, 266 acres of land from the shore in the tower, filling the sea between 26 and 32 yards, will be built on.
The military airport, due to having a lot of depth in Rize airport construction - about three times from the province will be used more padding.
As part of the project, 45 yards and 3 hours 36 planes take off and land in a thousand feet in length he can do with the runway apron will be built.
Airport passenger and cargo planes that will serve as a general class composition class heavy turbulence, takeoff weight of Rize and a thousand pounds more than 150 d, which is expected to serve in the planes.
The Ministry of Transport, Maritime Affairs and Communications infrastructure investments will be auctioned on September 8 by the Directorate General for the Project Runway, apron, filling the sea in the first place in airports, highway safety fence, the dock, and the environment, Pat, the taksir iilumination OPS.
This work will cost 600 million liras.
150 million pounds in spending on infrastructure construction work to do after covering terminal buildings.
Nine months to complete construction of two years in Rize airport.
Diesel oil 8 cents
For a gallon diesel fuel distribution companies, effective from midnight tonight, made an average of eight cents.
Oil products from the employers' union (püis) August 13, 2016, according to an average of eight per cent increase on diesel price is going to happen.
According to this, in Ankara with an average of 3.68 lira per liter diesel price will rise 3.76 lira.
The average diesel price from 3.63 liras for 3.71 lira in Istanbul, and in an average of 3.66 lira, lira 3.74 izmirli çıkacak.
The price set by distribution companies, according to the cities and small companies can change due to competition and freedom.
On Friday for the price of diesel fuel distribution companies, last week made four cents per liter.
Here's a Galatasaray fan Gülen's conversation with your football players
A Galatasaray fan in 1996, a period marked by a Turkish football players and the national conversation taking place in the fetö fethullahçıs Gülen emerged.
In the image was taken in 1996, Hakan Unsal, told the players are listening to conversations Between Gülen fethullahçıs Mert Korkmaz, Okan subacid, Arif Erdem, Ismail Yusuf, a clear way And we're obviously TEP uður tütünek is iron.
In a conversation about smiling, Galatasaray, mentioning "four we scored a goal we won," he used his statement.
The former imam known as fetö alpsoy Said "Turkey in the morning paper in the last days in football in 2002, the world when it comes to third on the team were given a bonus."
Hakan Unsal, Emre, Okan, Hakan şükür, collected the money from bonuses and Arif's.
The money collected 250 thousand or 500 thousand dollars.
Arif Erdem took this money to Pennsylvania.
"Smiley was straight to Arif later praised" explained.
Gülen's football players joined the national conversation.
Amal Dereli bids farewell to Rio
Rio 2016 Olympic Games, representing women in Turkey in the shot-put athletics major national fellow-sportsman Amal dereli, failed to qualify.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's Olympic Stadium in athletic competition in the city, women in the shot-put at the end of the playoffs.
First, second in the last third of Europe, Amal dereli 17.01 16.86 meters, about a third shot denemesinde is invalid.
In total, the 24th ranked 11th in the series, by not stay in the final national athletes said goodbye to the Olympics.
They were actors and sports director.
Volleyball League team's captain, extending his contract, Sultans of Daikin, Galatasaray, Athletic player and manager güneyligil athlete as My Wife and made a deal.
In a statement from the club and The Yellow-reds, actress and 34-year-old athlete was signed a contract as Athletic manager, expressed "full of success, a volleyball career at least as important as the captain's career, as well as a character from the heart in his new role to güneyligil nihan we wish you luck." It said.
The first one in his career. The experience of living league uniform, my wife later bursasp is 75, respectively. The Sun, Besiktas, Fenerbahce vakıfbankl the years wore uniforms and insurance.
Nihan güneyligil last season, Turkey Turkey's national Olympic committee and fair play volleyball federation (TV) 2016 tbvl Turkey was worthy of awards, organised by the fair play.
From the National League volleyball teams Galatasaray HDI the master ayvazoğlu, life insurance in the same time in team sports athletes in the new season as manager take charge.
In a statement from the club and player for 2016-2017 season with The Yellow-reds, warns it is understood that as a manager and sporting Life, "Galatasaray's on every level, with athletics career as well as we wish him a big character in his new mission ayvazoğlu dear life," it said.
Chinese table tennis final.
Rio 2016 Olympic Games, won a gold medal to the men's long Chinese table tennis.
In the city was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's riocentro, the men's table tennis medals were distributed in the competition.
Zhang, who defeated 4-0 in the final gold medal in hand, have made citizen Jack Taylor.
A silver medal in the match for third place in the men was Zhang's 4-1 defeat of Belarus Vladimir Samsonov, took the bronze Japanese Yun Mizutani.
Fiji won the first medal in the history
The Deodoro stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in the city with Great Britain men's sevens rugby in the final Fiji karşılaştı.
His opponent, Fiji has beaten 43 7 gold medal in hand.
Great Britain was a silver medal in the category of South Africa, who defeated Japan got bronze medal, 54 14.
Cuneyt Cakir's critical game in the Olympics
Our judges will be played in the 2016 Olympics in Brazil, Cüneyt Cakir flfa all the time Colombia, Brazil çalacak whistle in the game.
Cuneyt Cakir Bahattin Duran and the vice of Tariq will take ten days.
If the French referee Clement Turpin will be the fourth of the game.
The Arena Corinthians in Sao Paulo in the city to begin at 10 p.m. local time to the game.
The referee, Cuneyt Cakir Uefa elite category for the ninth time in his career is taking part in the final international tournament.
Five thousand police in Istanbul inspectn!
In Istanbul as part of the app, called "yeditepe peace" with the police helicopter assisted inspectn made five grand in 39 counties.
Istanbul police chief Dr. Mustafa Industrlous usually coordinate implementation of the city earlier in the evening police launched Anti-terrorism, Crime, narcotics trafficking and organised crime fight, fight, fight financial crime, riot police and special forces teams, including traffic a large number of police agrees.
The suspect wanted in the general knowledge (DMV) to scan checks for gun controls, focuses on suspects carrying knives, drugs, individuals.
The cops gave support to the sea in the coastal districts.
In questioning people in the ongoing practices metro-funicular söğütlüçeşme kadýköy exit the station, as well as handbags and luggage checked flash.
A police helicopter from the air traffic controls implemented, it was too supportive.
It turned out that the length of late.
The arrest on social media propaganda.
According to the information obtained, isparta Police Department, Department of Social Media of teams fighting cybercrime Department propaganda coup attempt and Gökhan okçu nün fetö insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan launched work on that information.
In a review of the coup plotters attempted a coup, praising the fetö Gökhan okçu of insulting President Erdoğan and the teams that were devised by the protesters and sharing their operation, have a suspect in custody.
Police dispatched to the courthouse, was arrested after operations in The Archers.
He was taken into custody in the province Deputy Governor and governor
The Interior Ministry, which was launched after an administrative investigation of the fetö lnitiative baneling karahallı Halil Ibrahim Ertekin, deputy governor, who was ousted as part of the district has been taken into custody by police earlier in the evening with the truth, Bashan.
Ertekin unsubs Bashan and secure with götürüldü.
Robert Amsterdam fetö very dramatic statements about!
Fethullahist terrorist organization (FETÖ) international law firm investigating illegal activities in the United States legally, an article in Forbes magazine, Robert Amsterdam Amsterdam&Partners, shared information on how it was organized by the pen of the FETÖ.
The ringleader of the manor house in Pennsylvania, Gülen fethullahçıs fetö Amsterdam Gülen organization that runs "in the United States, about 150 contract (charter), how is school municipality-operated, if you look closely at the group's ability to be very clear that hidden beneath the highly developed organisational future," he said.
Amsterdam, seven months ago by Turkey, by investigating companies linked to schools so far been found and Laughing, "shocking," he said.
That gave me a place in Amsterdam, article views:
According to the US have a strict hierarchy ifşacıların organization delivered instructions, Laughing.
Usually these instructions in the meetings with Smiley face to face in the Poconos transmitted.
Seven people in the top of a management group (advisory group).
This group Advisory Committee on the instructions.
The instructions of the country, respectively, on Imam on Imam here inside the country, the area in the region, on Imam on Imam prefectures, on Imam student knowledge on Imam neighborhood homes, and the students going on Imam (Light House).
Businessmen, bureaucrats and officers working on different levels, according to the position within the organisation and support.
The organisation in the United States in the world in general, the largest charter school network 55 thousand açtığını work has paid American taxes every year from taxpayers millions of dollars to schools that Amsterdam, who has been reported.
Amsterdam, this is a big part of the money is transferred to companies and subcontractors were driven by their members "chosen one" he wrote.
Amsterdam, this process, explained that samples:
In California, company share the same office and the Magnolia schools linked to years of service At $700 for the contract, he was caught.
Science Academy in Amsterdam, as another example showed Dove in Oklahoma.
Property owner in Amsterdam, this school, also paid $3.1 million extra school inspections and management of the company generated from the same people linked to Laughing in the property owner had been identified, he said.
The biggest branch network in place At schools in similar situations in Amsterdam, 46, found that keeping harmony drew attention to smaller companies paid the money to purchase curriculum software license as fetö, pens, he said.
In each other that the rich in gold, Amsterdam fetö, "This is what I gave examples of American taxpayers, about $28 million abused gösteriyor."
"And that's what we found so far more visible," he used his statement.
So far has been something to prevent this kind of events in Amsterdam, pointing to the situation worse, all of this last period of time on the Texas Education Agency began investigating irregularities hatırlattı.
Amsterdam, schools, many employees had no information on what kind of corruption committed in sight, stressed that it was normal.
Amsterdam, "but these schools actually Laughing like a snow machine to work."
"Laughing and then a huge amount of money to cover for illegal activities, using political donations" made its assessment.
It's worked in schools, according to testimony given by a former American teacher in schools in different ways of doing some employees salaries At a certain section of the meetings, Amsterdam, "Turkish armed forces laughing at the very similar to the functioning of its members are believed to be working."
It was reinforcing their positions outside agitators in the years.
"However, in a parallel power behind the scenes, things look like normal when the army was gathering strength." He wrote that.
Amsterdam finished article, said:
Policy-makers in the United States on July 15-16 and then question marks about the events in the head and that's expected.
But when you take up their two allies at the diplomatic level, individual state laws were violated in the United States needs to wake up in a series position Gülen's operations.
22 yargı members in Istanbul on the run.
The Supreme Council of Judges and Prosecutors (high council of judges) on 10 August 2016 by the terrorist organisation by Ankara prosecutor's office in the fethullahists alınan and rights of 648 judges and prosecutors launched an investigation for alleged desertion, who served in Istanbul from 22 of the day.
Istanbul prosecutor's office on 11 August 2016 by the High Council of Judges and prosecutors in Istanbul by the judge, who has served about 67 of the 648 detention and search has been decided.
The prosecution of members of the judiciary and the house search in the workplace by 45 to have been detained.
If it turned out that desertion is not found at addresses in 22 yargı mens calls.
The decision to arrest members of this judgment about the day.
Suspect detained in the district attorney's office demanding the arrest of 18 out of 45 criminal court after Magistrate sent to the statements were reported.
22, who couldn't be the judges and prosecutors continue search operations.
Police detained 11 people in Konya.
As part of an investigation into the custody decision about the capture of the investigation is continuing.
In this context the ereğlisi special school teacher who works at the four officers in charge of the mayor and police detained six employees with Merve şahika 1.
The government seized control of the suspects in the hospital was taken to the police department, the ereğlisi ereğlisi to health.
In Diyarbakir, the curfew is lifted.
In a statement from the governor's office, and the mountainous north of the handle on the field and lice, Silvan, including senior managers who operate the organization surveyed are using this work, disabled and collaborator of the terrorists of their operation to capture and storage bunker has been identified and supplies, shelter, it said.
Silvan's dolaplıder to lice, and blessed, çıralı, kıyıköy tureli dağcılar, and the branch of the handle, and Stone Bridge, anchored in the villages, bayırköylü of curfew, Puh. temren to Willy, who has reportedly ended in a statement, given the following statement:
The cost and ensuring security operation in the regions performed with in accordance with relevant articles of the law, civilian citizens manage 5442 sayılı knowledge in order to get hurt from five hours on August 9 at 4 p.m., today announced from the decision to ban have been lifted.
In a statement, Ban thanked citizens for life and property when they brought in to ensure security.
In Üsküdar passenger bus crashed.
On the coast road, belongs to the bus company, according to a harem yýimaz e. (37) in the administration to get out of control because of rain fell 34 ZP 5568 plates passenger bus.
The police report, health and fire crews have been deployed on the scene.
Fire crews have been working as a result of the passengers on the bus lying next to the vehicle.
Education and Research has been rushed to hospital by ambulance, who was wounded in the three passengers haydarpaşa sample.
The removal of the damaged vehicle after the accident closed the road transport, due to open.
NATO chief of staff colonel in charge of FETÖ arrested!
The fethullahist terrorist organization / parallel state izmirli (fetö / the PD) presented in an operation against the decision to arrest and detained in Ankara about the Nato command centre of excellence in the fight against terrorism, chief of staff Colonel Özkan Waterfall has been arrested.
Chief Prosecutor of the Republic izmirli Okan bato, "fetö / the PD in the Turkish armed forces (TSK) the restructuring" to the second leg on the arrest warrant as part of ongoing investigation, were detained in Ankara about izmirli was brought to a waterfall.
The transactions in the Department of Health and Safety Directorate Combating Organized Crime izmirli then seized control of Istanbul, he was transferred to a court.
The prosecutor's office, after his testimony "to be a member of a terrorist organization" and was arrested on charges of "the organization to operate on behalf of the" Night Court, the waterfall.
Çavuşoğlu ndan Zekeriya Öz, an explanation
The question for their allegations and was caught in Georgia, Zekeriya Öz, Çavuşoğlu öksüz was Fair, "this information right now it's not true."
But it's kind of reports coming in.
This is all being considered.
Georgian officials are in close contact.
"Every detail, meticulously reported information is," he said.
Çavuşoğlu, the question of whether Georgia might be in doubt for "before he ran away to Georgia Zekeriya Öz."
Customs was identified in the cameras at the door.
Information has come and go to Europe.
All the information that has come to us, not just about every other grounds for these two, we're processing the information I mean, we follow.
Where to escape if they're going to track them, "he added.
The question of if, with Iranian Counterpart Javad Anelegant Çavuşoğlu calls "bilateral issues assessed."
There's a lot of things in Turkey and Iran.
Our common struggle against terrorism, political, commercial, transportation, energy.
There are regional issues.
In Syria, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, including the Bay Area.
We live in Turkey and Iran could play an important part about solving problems in the geography.
We agree on many issues.
Syria's territorial integrity, cohesion, and the border in Syria and other terrorist organisations like Daesh, an inclusive government to be wiped out a lot of things we agree on.
We had different ideas about Assad.
But as always we will continue to talk to them.
We don't agree on truce, Geneva negotiations continue.
Not unless there's no point in a result of pneu-pneumatic birliğinin basically.
"It is important to get the result," he said.
Çavuşoğlu, Turkish warplanes would participate in operations in Syria, the question of when "our delegation went to Moscow about this."
"These mechanisms we amacı, this is particularly Daesh in dealing with what steps are taken and the need to be in a coordinated way to avoid any incident," he said.
The question concerning gas purchase with Iran, "with two brother country Turkey, İran," Çavuşoğlu
We need our own arbitration decide between us, we can deal with it.
There was a little website.
We should be able to do this to go to arbitration agreements.
"We've got a discount on gas prices demands," he added.
The question of Gülen's extradition to America, Cavusoglu myogasaki concerning the history of "America at 22, a delegation from the future."
Meetings will take place on August 23-24.
The Ministry of Justice is preparing the file.
After visits from the United States will not be ready for the future.
"We, too, the justice secretary with together, and we're going to Washington to deliver files and we'll see," he said.
Senior PKK member was arrested in İstanbul.
A senior manager of the PKK a terrorist organisation, held in İstanbul caught in a successful operation.
Istanbul Security Directorate, the organisation's top executives and between the rival code named liver'gri 300 lira to Istanbul on the list of award in yı help geçirdi.
Istanbul anti-terror police department as a result of the operation carried out in an address in rival teams, help the police department of homeland bağcılar caught by anti-terror police department has been questioned at the compound.
On July 9 terrorist group known as important as a result of the assassination in Syria by name, tel Erdal Bahoz hamishe brigades was killed.
Iranian Foreign Minister Veteran in Congress.
Çavuşoğlu, his counterpart with elegant came to parliament.
Hall of Honour before meeting with Prime Minister later examined the damage from the office floor and elegant, examined the damage.
Elegant ziyaretinden then said:
All the powers of the Turkish people and the will of the people of the Turkish people out on the streets, has once again prove superior.
The first time, it has condemned the coup attempt from the Islamic Republic of Iran initiative at the same way with Turkish people and government and has been always been like that.
I am today, I paid a visit to the Turkish Grand National Assembly of the Turkish people and we're here we are in front of Turkish democracy is a symbol.
Family of 13 he was caught as he fled by boat
The Coast Guard, who served in the morning hours in the throat my triangular patrol boat and sailing for illegal immigrants to flee to Greece's Lesbos island group made the operation.
13 in the same family has been identified as they belong to the identification of the fugitive.
The head of the family in Germany, with 11 children and wife Ali Ahmet, Seydou elseon applied this way to go with her son said.
$700 a head in Germany and Greece, after organizers first said they wanted to go to Iraq's Sinjar Seydou Ali Ahmed, and they lived in the city because they are scared of being killed by ISIS soldiers yezide they ran off to Turkey, he said.
In Iraq, in English, Spanish and German companies a family that belong to them, Arabic and French, who said they knew of illegal immigrants in the region, that desire to go with her son in Germany only gelmesiyle ISIS, he said.
The coach made a wedding car
The couple a wedding ceremony, a different from traditional wedding convoys konvoy yaparak attracted huge interest.
The couple a wedding car convoy, as if a horse and carriage preferred cars.
The wedding car convoy of about 10 horses coming from behind the instrument team, took great interest from citizens.
If the wedding and later on a tour of downtown keşanlı konvoy, who went home.
The bomber was captured husband
The wife of 41 years old, according to information obtained in about nine months ago, Y. Y. Kadriye Mehmet Ali because of irreconcilable differences with the child left home.
Mehmet Ali Y. unemployed If, in the early hours of yesterday evening, and ball bearings, nails into his own and supported by his wife and handmade objects like a firecracker in front of the nation, with the bomb Chinatown came alive.
Mehmet Ali Y. shoutlng here for a while making threats After planting the bomb that blew up in the gutter in front of the house.
After the explosion residents live in fear and panic when the big environment, a lot of the house hit by ball bearings and nails in parts of the damage brought camına.
After the incident, Mehmet Ali Y. Dressed in black at Chinatown's yavuzselim kaçan backpacky as suspicious and called the police to citizens.
Yildirim Said Mehmet Ali Y. county police department to see the Bureau of Investigation teams following him He started to run.
A suspect in the mirror on the street in the garden of the house.
The boys know the police surrounded the house with a long barrel guns.
You can't escape anlayan suspect surrendered.
If the bomb disposal expert was called for the case of Y. Mehmet Ali.
Bag of nail scissors, tape, a screwdriver and a lighter, toys, firecrackers, like gas supplies out.
Mehmet Ali Y. While being transported to the police station, it's directly connected to the investigation continues.
The Red Cross Donations launches campaign
Fit for purpose by proxy, the holiday this year I cut the victim in the Red Cross campaign donors with the slogan "It takes years of the victim of" the call.
The Red Cross chairman, Dr. Kerem kınıkyer the "fit for purpose and the victims into cans."
"Years of healthy meat being distributed to those in need," he said.
The Red Cross donations ücretini, domestic and abroad as the 740 lira 475 lira.
The traditional Red Crescent, and that has become the ninth victim in this year I stop by proxy campaign continues.
The owners and the world in our country that doesn't need to cut hundreds of thousands of the table alone, the Red Cross and sacrifice canned campaign to get fit for purpose again.
The victim, who describes the press, the victim of the Eid holiday campaign donation and all of the spirit of the Red Cross chairman Dr. Kerem kınıkyer the campaign for a living in the world and a big statement of "meat in a way into cans, hygienic."
"This method of meat in a healthy way can be consumed by the need for the rest of the year," he said.
According to the process of sending DVDs and Islamic slaughter "in the Red Crescent model" thanks to donations from donors in the Red Crescent, in order to fulfill its purpose as the victim and will easily.
Thanks to carefully selected meat and milk in this modern model of the institution by institution, and veterinarians elected according to the Islamic Eid al-Adha, the owners of the modern kombina proxy in the first three days, reading the names will be cut.
Conditions will be held in accordance with Islamic religious officials in parts, veterinarians and notary will also be present.
The victim to be gained from its 800 grams of meat, tinned corned beef cans into coasters.
Corned beef cans will be distributed to those in need through the Red Cross branches throughout the year.
The victim after the owner of the Red Crescent, and a box of roast beef with a thank you all proxy document describing the process of sending a DVD.
The mandate in 30 countries across the border every year, don't know the good of the red meat as part of the victim in this year will be sent to the poor around the world.
This year will be done about 30 countries in the Balkans, the victim as Dr. kınıkyer the organisation in Africa, South Asia and the Caucasus, 5 and 7, 11 in four countries in the event is organised in the Middle East, he said.
This year, according to last year in kınıklıda activities abroad increased by 50 per cent öngördüklerini expressed, "attorney fees, for our citizens in the Turkish Red Crescent, home to give him 740 lira, lira 475 abroad has been identified as."
The property of the milk and meat in Turkey to stop five kombina We aimed for.
This is in Turkey and abroad, bringing parts of the necessary Islamic conditions, proposed by the way we're doing.
"The meat and canned goods for 18 months we will need to have tables," he added.
The victim of a call centre 24/7 access to the owners really needs prayers 168 dope-a-thon creeparound citizens who want to live. The Turkish Red Crescent accounts in banks, the Red Cross branches in the Red Cross donation check for free, PTT pinkberrys call center using the mail and www.kizilay.org.tr to offer their mandate, 168 fryforthis Internet address.
Instalment payments through credit card to pay owners who's going to do it, there is no benefit in custody.
If our citizens abroad who want to give to the Red Cross power of attorney Red Cross online donation page on the internet using the form of currency.
Also on the phone by calling 0090 312 458 30 00 and international Red Cross's line of credit card to pay the price with a free consultation.
Our citizens, account number in Germany to pay the price of agricultural banks via the Red Crescent, the victim.
The groom in Konya dehşet
The incident today at the county at the old quarter, from the waist I osmancıg woman occurred.
Allegedly, Hussein, a week ago as his father's house to talk to each other in a lawsuit filed for divorce the wife Ayhan Fatomeh aka nın yanına gone.
After a while, which began with a pistol at the House debate, brought along his wife Fatma Ayhan, aka Hussein Ibrahim Aka Hacı father-in-iaw aka nın opened fire on Heaven and mother-in-law.
Covered in blood and the rest of his life at the scene while father Hacı Ibrahim Ayhan Patma aka, Aka Paradise Lost, and the government has been rushed to hospital seriously injured mother woman.
After the incident, Hussein, who started working for Ayhan capture of the car.
Ayhan's suspension, it was reported that Hussein was found.
1 in 10 years old girl was 13 and two children, Ayhan couple.
At the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge accident
The Fatih Sultan Mehmet bridge, according to information obtained fresh direction at about 2 p.m. at the entrance to highway Ankara sıralarda occurred.
In the administration of Abdullah he şanver 060 34 PK, the truck crashed into the back of the truck 16 VC 077 license plates.
He şanver Abdullah in the crash, driver got stuck in the scene.
The accident on the scene, police and citizens who reported the Fire Department paramedics being dispatched.
Fire crews busy on the scene he şanver made an effort to save him from the ground shook.
Fire crews he şanver shrieking in pain during the work, that's hurting spotted-b.
As a result of hard work and moved into an ambulance, he şanver okmeydanı rescued from stuck on a stretcher was taken to the Education and Research Hospital.
Road closed due to the accident happened, why the density of traffic.
With the removal of the clean vehicles and traffic returned to normal.
"Don't want to dirty the couch" in the trunk carried for two children hit by car
The day before the accident occurred near the village, the priest siverekli on road lightly.
Mehmet K. 6809 automobile license plates with the management of the bike (14) 34 KS Mustafa O. çarpıştı.
Mustafa found at O. bike collision Hussein with O. (13) has been seriously injured.
Children injured in the trunk of the car driver, "don't want to dirty the seats" to the emergency medical station, putting in the village took lightly.
Two children injured in a public hospital in ambulances from the priest is dispatched.
Hussein O. of the wounded Fighting for his life in intensive care.
Children carried in the trunk to keep the seats crashed
Mustafa O. By the accident, "we were going to go visit with friends."
We took our stuff.
Visit us in there that he was hit by a car near the transformer Üzeyir Prophet nexusis. village.
I broke my leg on impact.
The driver dumped it in the first and my friend.
Later in the trunk of the car and put me back to my friend.
When I put my hand in the trunk door in the trunk and left.
And I yelled.
The driver hears my voice back door man.
I fix my hand.
The trunk and took us lightly again the door to the village.
"It's the priest removed from the state hospital in ambulances in the US," he said.
The driver was injured in the trunk, they're not complaining about the kids first children learn that when parents complained.
Injured boy's grandfather Mustafa O. "I was in the priest when I had an accident."
I learned my nephew's accident on the phone with me doing my grandson.
The priest immediately I went to a state hospital.
First they brought my nephew.
15 minutes later they brought my grandson.
Gerber station commander arrived.
You said you want to press charges, The Mayor.
That accident happens everywhere.
I said I'm not complaining.
Then I looked for my niece and my grandson and a car crashing.
There's a lot of blood in the trunk.
Then, we found out that the children and two wounded in the trunk of the car that brings to the hospital after they hit.
I'm putting my grandson in a row under my niece in putting it in the trunk.
I didn't put me in the men says in the trunk.
But the seats behind the car is clean.
"That's not acceptable," he said.
In the village lays sakinlerinden Mehmet Kaya, "the driver who hit the children, brought the wounded."
So they took the wounded children from the trunk.
"Even animala did what you don't want to do," he said.
Uncle wounded Osman O. is "this is how a person who shoots kids, a citizen?"
It could be an accident, and people have died in an accident.
But in the trunk of the car to take the wounded to the hospital and a violent incident.
We're chasing a until the end of this job.
One of these children is dying.
The other is in critical condition.
Lightly wounded in the trunk of the car to the priest from getiriyor.
God damn it.
A wild thing that ever happen again.
We're burning our lungs.
We're going to be the prosecution and we're gonna stick with it.
"We want the most severely punished," he said.
He built the island
The last eight years of his life by building a floating ecological Paradise renowned architect Chantlng sow geçirdi.
that's built on using their own self-contained habitat of 150,000 plastic bottles, two years ago on Facebook live with the old model bowéing met Jodi.
The island of plastic bottles, wooden pallets and full of air chantlng kumdan formed.
In the two-story house; 3, 2 baths, a Jacuzzi, shower, a kitchen and wireless internet connection.
Palm trees, mangroves, fruit trees, eaten around the island's other plants, herbs place.
30 metres to shore by a string attached to the internet, with the help of water and power, this cord-blood-banking durumdaki island produces its own.
Sow, "I'm a vegetarian and I'm raising a lot of edible vegetables on the island."
Little else to get to the food I have to go to the grocery store nearby.
"Again, I did I have a raft of 8 from the plastic bottles," he said.
The Galaxy Note 7 model on the market was stronger than before.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7, 6GB of RAM and 128GB memory model geçtiğimiz day officially confirmed.
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone earlier this month announced the new top level.
The Galaxy Note 7, in fact, with 6GB RAM is expected to have ambitious features, but he was introduced as the Ram's.
The first of the Galaxy Note 7's expected order expectations 6GB RAM hfrom digits musrifun model looks like it out.
The last day in the capital Seoul, South Korea's Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong Jin, speaking at a press event that took place in 6GB RAM and 128GB memory Galaxy Note 7 model officially announced plans to offer on the market.
Meanwhile, the Korea Herald reports that the Galaxy Note 7 model 6GB of RAM and 128GB memory, it's just going to be special to China in the first place.
This particular model is now available for sale in other areas not mapped.
Yamaha Tracer fianciée 700 new routes.
A pleasant trip and unforgettable memories tracer 700 and want to make short trips around the island, near the end of the week long tour between continents want to get out.
For all the difficult conditions down the road to minimise long motosiklet sürücüsü new Yamaha tracer 700, design and technical perfection and intuitive user experience such a long way to reach the vehicle, driving while emotional yaşatan.
Another World, explore new and unforgettable memories and save up to get a taste for fun in the European general interest in a motorcycle, focusing on every corner.
Who wants to expand their horizons and the doors of the free world, to crack this increasing number of motorcycle enthusiasts, accessible and cost-effective models of a series of exciting Sport tour counters.
Yamaha tracer 700 addictive new 07 Mt, developed a highly successful platform.
And by strengthening the existing Sport tour series revived the intense interest in model, developed a new generation of motorcycle enthusiast owners meet.
Brave and original design and a lot of impressive qualities, fast and fun and lightness, the tracer 700 new grip design and functionality, Comfort Sport tour class structure, bringing joy to drive with a higher level image taşıyor.
Standard Sport tour segment with the middle of a miraculous performance siklet tracer 700, properties and that this segment remains a big success.
Focused on sports performance, dynamic and interesting new view, a long line with an exciting new era in the category, sport tour tracer 700 başlatıyor.
Ambidextrial tracer 700, rich in every situation, and the engine torque chassis funkadactal üstesinden gelmeye ready.
This new, chassis and suspension of the Special Minister Avcı replied with the addition of the middleweight sport bike touring motorcycle ortaya çıkaran several features real potential.
689cc twin cylinder engine, fuel efficient, high capacity fuel tank of gas stations, with 17 iitres tracer 700 long distance between her ability to make way.
New 07 Mt tracer 700 compact and lightweight chassis, the singer who was developed from the platform.
It's minimalist design, agile and fast ride thanks to react quickly gained a reputation for quality.
The leader of the 196 pounds wet weight, ready to excite the driver at every turn.
The original Yamaha motorcycle with the addition of a serious long-distance touring various accessories and it can be converted.
Design is made more attractive color red, black, blue Yamaha Tech radical alternatives.
The return of this exciting new model that allows the user motosiklet addict new on the market, putting more on the road.
As of August will be sold in Turkey, the Black Sea, with new tracer 700 mountains in the Mediterranean, like Europe or Africa, want to take the winding lanes filled with adventure and adrenaline thrills new life.
Hakan Şükür and his father's 200 million assets confiscated
Local prosecutor's office as part of the investigation with the contractor in Sakarya, Hakan Şükür fetö Şükür Selmet gözaltı about dad, who made the decision.
In the United States of America event in Istanbul belonged to şükür selmet bulunan Hakan Şükür and his father and a search was conducted in their houses.
Despite selmet Şükür calls made to be found.
The police, Friday prayer at the mosque, located in the event of Sakarya şükür selmet Street was reported that salko acted on.
The teams waited for Friday prayers be made to the mosque.
After he raised his hands when he saw the cops Şükür Selmet ending prayer.
The decision to arrest şükür Selmet with a police vehicle was taken to the police department, which is about.
Scotland Yard team following his father and Gökhan Şükür götürüldüğü went in front of the vehicle.
Local prosecutor's office determined that their dad, Hakan Şükür and financial support to the Şükür Selmet FETÖ.
Investigating magistrates court the prosecution's application and dad, Hakan Şükür real estate market şükür Selmet nöbetçi, ground transport vehicles or other financial institutions, the bank's accounts, real or legal persons, papers, and that they would with any of the partnership, a safe deposit box found in their precious Uhde available to companies and other assets values decided seizure.
The court's decision in the day, the Police Department headquarters and tax to be notified.
The real estate in the first research of şükür selmet Hakan Şükür and father has been identified as they are rich.
Besiktas, İstanbul and Antalya, Bodrum, Hakan Şükür babasının Sakarya, apartments and buildings in the event in big, Sapanca Bakırköy, has been identified, and provide the land.
10 acres of land in the county of Sakarya, of şükür selmet serdivanl the luxury villas, has been built on.
The event, the finance ministry, the city centre, the Board of Supervisors şükür tax investigation by tax inspectors Sakarya group connected to the presidency of the classroom has been identified, including a was shut down by fetö.
About 200 million pounds worth of assets and Hakan selmet şükür's father was all it is stated in the area.
He was captured in Zaho a-wohl commissioner
In Batman province Police Department officer general-colonel Ahmet Duran, as soon as fetö suspended as part of the investigation of the coup attempt.
As soon as the decision has been identified as the arrest warrant for desertion.
As soon as the city's police headquarters in the study by Iraq's provinces escaped zaho detected.
The joint operation by security forces, as soon as the two countries has been caught.
As soon as Batman brought back to Turkey, has also been detained.
After the safe operations, as soon as he was transferred to a court.
As soon as security forces of Iraq to join the terrorist organisation PKK camps north of doubt running on it.
Children watch this habit
Prof. Dr. scholar at the age of the dental school, children need to chew the Giray first by making sense of relief they get a sucking reflex and said they couldn't do that.
Outlining the reasons for treating children, Prof. Dr. Giray to absorb his finger in the habit "sucking, finger from birth until age 3-4. görülen a olaydır."
Most babies sucking his thumbs.
When she was a baby sucking his thumb after she was satisfied the need for a child sucking nipples and suck your thumb to relax 1-1.5 gidermek longed for.
"Can get bored and amuse himself, sleep, then when he and his mother when she was nervous when the suction behavior can be fingerprints," he said.
In his future behavior and inability to absorb the mother-child relationship görülen finger on the basis of trust in stressing that this behavior is underdeveloped and the effects of dental health, told The Giray Prof. Dr. Knowledge with these words:
The structure of the suction behavior shows a negative impact in shaping the child's tooth.
The sucking of teeth in, when pushed forward as a result of pressures on emerging from under the teeth and pushed back.
This opens the way back in the jaw and teeth, palate positioning getvery structure in the balance.
This is a reflection of physiological and aesthetically, it would be closing aphasiac way look bad.
If there are no permanent solution early in the treatment process, started dating a much more complex teeth 6-7 years that the Giray, Prof. Dr. drew attention to "completion of development and we can protect our children the jaw joint problems."
"That's why today's children's eyes and ears as the controls we need to be kept under control in the structure of the network," he said he concluded.
Close to breathe new treatment: Trifokal lenses
Naturally, patients don't want to use the glasses and cataract treatment.
For many years to solve this problem in our patients are already used multifocal lenses.
The lenses used in the final stages in this area with the success of the treatment started the trifokal took a step further.
Not only different from other lenses, lenses trifokal near or far distance vision is described as a clear distance between long-distance goals.
Far from close range, or call disorders to treatment
They see very often we use our daily life in the distance between the disorder, represents a spot.
We hold in our cars, for example, the dashboard computers or portable lap we define as Arm's Length Distance distance between 60-70 centimetres.
Thanks to close or far, the distance between revisedmusic trifokal lenses of our patients do not need to use glasses doesn't matter in any way.
Another advantage is the night, and the reduction is the lens trifokal complaints.
Prof. Dr. volcano expert hürmeriç eye diseases, "every distance vision therapy treatment, there is a difference from normal contact lenses for cataract treatment the trifokal."
7 to 10 minutes of a procedure to treat eye trifokal we implemented our patients to recover.
The next day and return to their normal lives our patients.
Especially with a more active and loving to read too much computer use, driving a car, life improves the quality of life for people of a police operation.
And every patient with this procedure suitable for you over 18 eco friendly to find out if you can apply to an expert eye diseases.
Varicose veins vessel used in heart surgery.
Quite often in recent years, the heir to a growing disease.
The primary factor in that genetic kinship; foot long, long working hours and increase their living heir to the things that would stop for a long time.
Vessels used for cardiac surgery do?
I have in the future heir to, if I have a heart attack, what do you do? It is often by people interested in questions like.
That's answers to questions.
There are two types of in the leg venous system:
The WHO said the main road leading to the lungs and blood, dirty, dirty blood 1.bacakta deep venous system we have the leg.
These are the femoral vein and superficial femoral vein deep take your name.
It's more rare diseases and problems in the veins, arteries in vessels that can be closed for targeted drug treatments remain open.
In the leg venous system deep in the lungs and groin which merged with dirty blood, leading the way we have to say superficial venous system.
We said, this system is the Saphenous vein consists of two counts of grand and two small veins.
This is the heir to the failure in four of them and develop.
That can be used for cardiac surgery is the Saphenous vein called cava superficial veins, great.
This is not a body that's why there is no harm can be used for cardiac surgery and blood vessels.
But it's veins, arteries in heart surgery should be healthy for them.
Because his heart, a very important organ.
Varicose veins removed surgically, deep vein of blood vessels had been in place in the cremation, or a laser that can reduce the workload and provides more leg to be healthy.
Varicose veins and arteries, which is a fallacy in the community as a backup if that could be used.
Varicose veins and arteries of heart surgeries never never never.
There are other vessels that can be used for cardiac surgery.
Auxiliary vascular systems that can be used in heart surgery; There are around in the stomach and arm, under the rib cage.
So is waiting to use for the heart arteries and varicose veins to worry about it.
Color expert, Dr. radiolog Turkish
Uzbek of meaningful message before the Super Bowl
Galatasaray Galatasaray and Besiktas sports club president Dursun Uzbek, will be played between the Super Bowl in the first issued a statement.
Uzbek's hold on to work in unity and solidarity that pointed out that the Turkish Football words:
The Turkish club Galatasaray, Besiktas, on August 13 with two favorite sports and two köklü Konya municipality, on Saturday night at the arena for the Super Bowl will be facing torque.
In this game, two distinguished club competition in the first game back, nor the last century bırakan.
But the timing as a crucial encounter.
July 15, as we all know our country, been through a big night.
The fethullahist terrorist organization / parallel state mean over our democracy's (fetö / the PD), structuring the unity and solidarity in the coup attempt, thanks to all sections of the community has been averted.
We paid the price as a nation that night.
We gave the martyrs.
We have a large number of veterans.
This is not a fight in this land of the virtues of democracy, the price pain us once again the importance of peace and the necessity of having reminded the judge.
That night, representatives of Turkish sport as one voice, one heart, went against coup Together with democracy have taken place.
The unifying feature in this critical days of the sport we need more than usual.
The president of the valuable precious opponent Sulleiman Seba nın 2. The captain and club legend passed away just before the game of football season that coincides with new Turgay boom bearing the name of love and peace in the beginning of this Turkish sports I wish the game.
Galatasaray, Besiktas fans will be played in front of the bleachers at the end of the game, split it fifty-fifty and score the winner, no matter what our country and I hope Turkish sports.
In the Derby date 339. sports news.
Super League and Sports Toto Cup encounter with Besiktas in Turkey, which brings together the Super Bowl champion of Turkcell, Galatasaray this season to be the biggest in Konya in 20.45 will fight for an hour tomorrow.
So far in eternal friendship with Besiktas and Galatasaray 92 years of ancient rivalry came up against 338 times.
In those games, when your opponent is 120 times victorious yellow-reds Black-and-whites 107 times defeated.
111 failed to meet their opponents in the upper hand each other.
In those games gave Galatasaray, Besiktas goal for goal of 444 477.
Commerzbank arena, which began on July 30, 2006 in the first of the Super Bowl between Besiktas and Galatasaray started.
In this game with a goal in the 60th minute black-and-whites Mert NOP's recorded museum took the trophy.
Ten years of Super Bowl played in the history of Cup in 2011.
The final six times, Galatasaray, with the rest of the most played in nine years.
The Museum of the Super Bowl four times in those games, yellow-reds götürmesi gerekiyordu başarı gösterdi.
Once the final three times and Besiktas, who took the trophy.
Sports News in the Eagle "flower" crisis.
One of the Sun's deputy technical director Of the training of trainers Þenol flowers as it turned out, didn't last.
In the case, who has gone on the administration's response to allegations of wage increase and therefore don't like to practice by putting flowers, which have been reported.
The sun, waiting for the administration's attitude to intervene, Þenol statement said.
Mario Gomez's dreams have been destroyed.
Fiorentina sporting director, Mario Gomez and striker khoumba Babacar Corvino Pataleo commented on the players.
Corvino, "We're not going to send Gomez and Babacar ı free transfer."
We will work to revenue.
We're aiming for at least 15 million euros from the sale of two players.
"But it won't be easy," he said.
Rihanna popular in the film's cast
Hollywood's most important names to appear before an audience from popular film series oean's again.
The new series from Barbados, Mindy stay and staff at the world-famous singer Rihanna, Anne Hathaway and Helena Boh Carter joined in the next few days, went to the names of Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett of the date on which will take place in the film if it's for sure.
Two months after the shooting starts
Finishing the film's cast of players don't change, Ocean's Eleven in New York woman is set to begin in October.
We know from previous films produced the film series, while the film's script with director Steven Sodenbergh Olivia The Milch takes the seat by Gary Ross will sit down.
Scot Callum Skinner and gold Britain while flying home
They took from London 2012 title Team Great Britain trio Callum Skinner, the men's race track in Rio korurken Jock ran to victory in last night.
Sir Chris Hoy's Jock racer, the Glaswegian, 23 years old and New Zealand, who took the assignment if these young bannerbearer adopted his triumphal return home with clothes that flatter the legend.
Hoy's six Olympic gold four years ago, Britain took a shock victory in five of the event was taken.
Despite Hoy's retirement in March, held in London and the racing world championship by finishing in sixth place this deal.
The problem between Beijing and London was the beginning, expert staff player, Jamie's replacement.
Right now that Hindes appeared yaptılar.
Hoy's retirement of Matt Crampton and Kian E not trying to fill a void created.
The Scot and British trainers have now stopped potential Skinner saw before.
Hoy, Hindes, Kenny and Skinner's champion in four years ago with the Olympic record in qualifying if New Zealand in the first round of this new record set in.
A duel for gold, and triple britannians çıktı.
Hindes, Kenny and brought forward a little behind in his own tour if Skinner's team endured.
Hindes himself using a bigger car to slow the pace of transformation that Kenny and Skinner's a big part of a change of strategy, especially that enable it to keep it.
Hoy, an expert on the podium as he watched the BBC commentator and place them when they caught the eye of Hindes and Kenny, Skinner.
The 23-year-old Glaswegian, Skinner said: "That's a flattering comparison."
Just do my best and I'm here to announce my name.
We broke the world champions and Olympic record in the final we beat.
This really was amazing.
There's no better way to win it.
Hindes, Kenny and Hoy and his victory at London 2012 after a bad start on the runway after deliberately düştüğünü confessed.
Later in a way to react to this interpretation, and there was no demand from Britain's competitors.
This time, there was such a problem for an incredible victory.
Hindes added: "Stand, all the Great Britain with the flags like we were like in London."
We're a team was founded only three months ago.
That's why we lost a lot of the world of new race to be won in the Olympics really an amazing feeling.
This is a winning seven of 10 races in London and Beijing for the nation and only one event, a medal.
This is a measure of progress we've shown in the last five months, if successful in the race track five more days will be waiting for us.
Kenny's record to win three Olympic gold in one of the stance adopted by showing a renewal of Hoy so it's not impossible.
This is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was born in the March 23 (in the same time, he and Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister's birthday, with a history of British sport in the past) six gold medals and a silver medal will mean that Kenny's reach.
Hoy in the same level, with this.
Kenny, Sprint will be after this race; The race will start today and three days.
The 28-year-old Bolton added: "I'm just enjoying it.
It's always the best events team events.
You can make with your friends.
To be honest, lonely kazanınca alone.
Hindes added: "More must be given a knighthood if he wins two gold medals."
It's just that there's a lot of good news for Britain if the medal in the day.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain doulan finished first in the order of the four men, four kilometres of the team in the race.
While 3:51.943 have completed the track.
World record set by winning a gold medal at London 2012 3:51.659.
The first round of the second and final (22 42) draw on all the attention today and will be determined in part for Wiggins.
In the first round of qualifying yesterday had a disagreement with the staff at the time to measure the size of the authorities call him.
Tomorrow will be completed in the event will go on, and Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker, the women and 4:13.260 Katie Archibald from Milngavie süreyle world-record arrived.
Team Great Britain, the Olympic Games in the middle period to take the reins of power and trust your team to win a medal for a bike.
Great expectations in Rio after screening in London and Beijing in the upper hand, it's pretty reduced.
In the background, technical director Shane Sutton's sexism and bullying accusations Hoy and Victoria Pendleton and resigned in April due to retire like a lot of bad names, including important developments.
However, the first night at the track after the races shows that this time of Great Britain that can be proved the perfect time to finish in the epic about reputation again.
Energy agreement with the next suspect smelting Portland quarry
The Portland aluminium smelting facility in Victoria's future energy supply contracts and cancelling hundreds of workers, all of the energy that will pave the way for a supply contract uncertainty as to dismiss one of the facility after he fell.
Earlier this year the government of Victoria, this move should not be passed after the decision to continue to work in the direction of subsidies ortaya çıktı.
The subsidy for 20 years of steady expires in November.
Alcoa's Portland until 2000 at the facility that could be at risk.
How are you doing any closure process, 2000, directly or indirectly, the reason may be at risk.
The whole of Victoria for about 10 per cent of electricity consumed by the stove and smelting additional chain effects may occur.
In 2014, Alcoa Point Henry shut down last year to close angles power plant that opened the way and smelting quarry.
Alcoa's smelting facility closed Portland and face the risk of losing money.
These developments and strengthening dollar, Australia, in the beginning of the facility a few years ago for the future consumption based on the facility shortly after he appeared in the speculation.
Loy Yang A power plant located in the Latrobe Valley big aluminum smelting in the energy to take action to terminate their contracts in the direction of the other three belong to cry, and expects that, he said.
The vast majority of Alcoa and Al plant, Japan's Marubeni Corp of China's CITIC belongs to joint venture and have smaller shares in companies.
"Cry, of Portland, waiting for him to continue to work This means that the smelting in physical demand for electricity will continue, "he said.
Contracts have to go into effect from November 2016, cry "contracts to balance the risk," said.
It was a 12-month period in 2017 to be completed anneulment contracts.
Energy company, "Cry, contracts for this reason, the 2017 financial year will continue to wait to contribute," he said.
The 2018 fiscal year and then cry about the effects of the ball in the current situation to be exposed to potential gain for long-term contract with electricity prices, limited to a strong stance.
Cry, "is the termination" of the contracts now accounts for about $187 million fall in value to express.
The termination of contracts, Alcoa's decision, "Alcoa's smelting quarry did not affect his ability to ensure electricity supply to the smelting business, or" he said.
The company signed a contract from the United States in 2010, 20; The contract that was supposed to go into effect in November this year if it was ever taken of this contract, but not yet explained why.
Analysts that Tomago, near Newcastle, and Portland in Victoria and the smelting facility due to economic woes in the sector on the lookout for the possibility of closing.
Earlier this week, responding to analyst cry's director of operations of each year, approximately 600 megawatts of Tomago, Portland's Stephen Mikkel 900 megawatts of energy use, he said.
Both of these facilities [electricity] market, in a position to withdraw from the market in the fall in demand will cause significant rate.
And it's not a good step for us as a manufacturer, "he said.
It's not just the TV star Kardashian; Kendall, Vogue's September cover
Model Kendall Jenner and Kris' mother, manager of the Kardashian Jenner fourth girl on the cover of Vogue (20) the number of the United States is expected to look forward to September.
A New York, Paris and Milan fashion week and with Estee Lauder's brand ambassador for her Instagram account on Thursday announced that this news, Kendall.
Kendall "I love that I cried when I looked in a room full of people on the cover," he wrote.
The Kardashian Jenner family after all, a scientist Rob (causing trouble in the bar and Caitlyn, and everyone's favorite uncle of the world, keeping up the show producer Ryan Seacrest), which is strange (or just keeping up with the Kardashians sschedule unique) published a video, as scripted reality; The sisters who made a classic later in the video the family: In fact, they were a surprise party.
All the children's TV programmes that almost every cliché of the story line in "birthday" if (Seacrest at 8 a.m. a cartoon rabbit with sincerity "did you think we forgot you?" In a way that other girls, including introduction says), Kris, he should have.
The September issue of Vogue and a new Kardashian's for sure, we entered into an era of this development.
Kendall's sister, who may have passed him the cover of Vogue about dating in April 2014, Kanye West (the wife was sharing with) the magazine's September cover, but quite an achievement in itself.
Vogue's September issue of the year, the best-selling touchdown.
More than a fashion magazine with a lot of attention that the number of coffee table book publicist kalınlığı (fashionista, skin on the contents of the last year identified that commercial 615 832 pages).
The announcement of the star of a closely watched in the process. Pictures of the magazine's official announcement over the past two decades ago.
Before the women on the cover of Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista in between.
In recent years, "famous models from" very "celebrities who modeled" on the cover is given place.
Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence in Dior ambassador in 2013, he bought a place on the cover of Lady Gaga and the next year, this honor is given.
But by the magazine described as "shining model" of his generation, Ms. Jenner is said to be pretty good situation, even in the first category of offense.
This Snapchat video related to the stars or celebrities or famous people don't know how to best reality show teenagers today (though Jenner bunların hepsi).
All of these women coming forward with legitimate in the entertainment industry talent.
On the cover of last year, Beyonce had one of the best time of his career with lemonade's exit.
Of course not happy with everyone from Jenner's success.
Jenner's reality show, due to the past in the fashion world will be always uncomfortable position.
In June, the original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour, Jenner and Gigi Hadid colleague nicknamed "The time bitches" and criticised them.
The news came out on the cover of Vogue this idea that Jenner will appear again in the water out.
But to focus on dissatisfaction looks misplaced.
Kendall Jenner, September cover of Vogue.
He was literally a supermodel.
Marc Jacobs' shows off his own.
Estee Lauder Foundation, mind you.
You pay on their own, with walls of their sisters selling practices.
Cindy Crawford sells pictures of her daughter took pictures of LOVE magazine.
Maybe it's just to see their children, Kourtney and brother in his spare time and taking part in the TV reality show.
Community legal centres turning away 160,000 people every year back support
More funding cuts impact operations in the sector, already struggling in the nation's most vulnerable part of more than 160,000 of hazırlanırken, legal support centres on the social are rejected.
In Queensland, three of five people (mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, violence and those who don't have the resources to fight with the evacuation of victims and unfair decisions) when he was looking for free legal advice and representation are rejected.
For more cuts to legal support services, social opportunities that consumed.
As of June next year that legal support centres, is scheduled to release more deprived 30 per cent of federal financing.
Community legal centres Queensland director James Farrell, National Union of public support for legal support centres in the last census report back each year thousands of people had been identified when bildirdi.
Mr. Farrell, the federal government should be more of the situation back then it would be bad decision, he said.
His own "Queensland's community legal support centres a chronic way financially inadequate support this vital services means that reach thousands of people in need," he said.
In violent relationships, with the people who struggle with the process of breaking up families who rely on power, and the unfair way in and laid off workers. All of these problems can't get any help they need and meet the legal size, according to this report.
The federal government funding cut from 30 per cent in June 2017, this is more complex legal issues korumasız durumdaki thousands of Queensland resident left in so hard to deal without help.
People need to get a legal challenge in karşıya kaldığı justice minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis to support these funding cuts we call immediately to get back.
Last year, the government level, the national average is the promise of legal aid funding was brought out in the direction.
The Palaszczuk government is now legal support and social service centers this important investment we need to look at working with communities to do.
Staff claimed Donald Trump's campaign team was then pulled a gun case
New York: Donald Trump's campaign team, North Carolina, the director of operations in February after an employee in any action to be walking around with the Jeep he was absent because of the gun charge.
On Wednesday, Vincent Shipboarding instructor in case the old software by the state campaign team was announced in the lawsuit in state court.
Shipboarding handled the situation for months, "that's not going to happen," but then noticed that he expects from the inside, he said.
Shipboarding, director of the complaint stated, Earl Phillip, "he pulled a gun, and put the barrel right kneecap kept Vincent right index finger trigger."
Shipboarding campaign team, according to the complaint, filed a complaint with local and regional leaders after Phillip and the same experience at least four more people learned to live.
Shipboarding şikayette bulundu "weapons don't need to burn for damage," he said.
The crowd in North Carolina case, the Republican presidential candidate "Second Amendment people" (as appears to be supporters of gun owners and gun) rival Hillary Clinton's own election and the judge opened two days after the action caused anger by saying he can.
Trump's campaign team and the media outside of the context of these words, considering he does not support violence, he said.
Shipboarding, complaints of assault and battery, negligence, with supervision and spiritual harm to the campaign team is seeking compensation from Phillip.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks, who want it to comment on the message didn't return quickly.
Efforts to reach out to Phillip skeaves.
Phillip WCCB in Charlotte, a local subsidiary of News recently reported that he left the campaign.
The call he made a quick return to the Innovative Consulting Services consulting firm.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump running a campaign that created conflict.
Shipboarding, Donald J. Trump For President, Inc., General Court of Justice, the Supreme Court case CS 14300 16 (Charlotte), Mecklenburg, and the accident.
"FETÖ" cuyum ihbar meat "line
President Erdogan for'cüler fetö "intelligence report, the police may not know, everyone may not know" after the call and MIT police tip line at number fetö.
July 15 coup attempt, as we go into hiding after thousands of institutions to identify himself at number fetö lnitiating "secret communitarian and" new practices.
As part of work to do with citizens in the fight against fetö President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, he emphasized the importance of the tips, "he's a community of friends, I say this could expose your friends."
You have to report to the prosecution.
It's a patriotic it is.
"Everyone may not know or may not know the guys are running intelligence might not be able to make," he said.
As part of the studies, the Interior Ministry General Directorate of Security and National Intelligence Service (MIT) has launched an online report by app.
According to this organization around, know who it belongs to the organization's activities to fetö citizen service, MIT and security institutions with this app can tell.
People need to report information service www.egm.gov.tr/sayfalar/ihbar, www.mit.gov.tr/katkiniz links will be held on the form of hidden.
In practice document presented to those who reported General Directorate of Security.
In the same application to return him to do so again tipster.
Citizen, "155 police help'hattına telefonla report their location was found as they can do this information to prosecutors in the Republic in their districts and cities.
In the basement, after they made "model village" Sivas
In collaboration with County businessman and philanthropist cankoy Gölova attached to the district of Sivas, "model village" has been made.
The pavement, all the houses in the village and planted the cobblestone roads, asphalt County was painted blue and white colors according to the model of the basement of the province.
An example to improve the quality of life depends on the governorship, villages and counties gölova Village project hazırladı.
In this context, 12 miles away in the village to the county as an example of 66 haneli cankoy seçildi.
If the cobblestone sidewalks and roads, infrastructure and services are covered with overall tightening asfaltlanıy is superstructure of the village.
The village and houses have different shades of color have been painted with the support of businessman Selahattin Ayan pelitpınar the bakeries.
The whole village has disguised itself as white and blue colors painted buildings.
Ali was an example of the basement
The governor of the information in the right to work to be a model for other villages gölova Erkand Isa Erat, preparing to sign up to work for a role, adding that this project, said: "The more modern houses to be a part of our project was the only color görünmesi, all of them."
As we begin this project we called a place where we'll get a sample.
When we went to the basement windows of houses painted blue and white image was taken to our attention.
We had a positive effect on white people for cleaning and we wanted to take a sample of the basement.
We painted it white and blue colors of all the houses in cankoy yaparak relief efforts.
This was in collaboration with state and charitable work.
Project cost about £200 lira.
It's like a small basement cankoy strip our work.
We support our people we want to work with this kind of our efforts and our budget again.
If the district office in the village Mukhtar cankoy, 66, was supported by a new image and that Majid Abdullah said.
Majid, adding that he was delighted to be the village of themselves and people of the village, thanked everyone who contributed.
Coil drug operation
In the county drug operation organized by coils of Sivas gendarmery teams in seven people were taken into custody.
Teams with the help of detector dogs who work at the resort on the county çetinkaya 600 grams of hashish in the calls they made the narcotics drugs, buy a shotgun and handgun had blanks 49 1.
As with the equipment seized, seven people were taken into custody while legal proceedings are initiated.
Four people in the PD in Adana in the case with Smiley konuldu confiscate fetö /
In Adana to Fethullah terrorist organization / parallel state planning and structuring (fetö / the PD) and 2nd Criminal Court for allegedly profited from corruption and on trial at the Fethullah Gülen, and it is so overwhelmed Omar Jamal, Ikemal Elibal Ekinci a-wohl with all his assets seizure is decided.
Adana police headquarters on May 15, 2015 to 2012 and won't mind The Mind of a tip, Metropolitan deputy mayor of corruption and fraud management plan developed by University of the land belongs to the parliament with Gülen Legal decision known to the congregation will reach 150 million liras olmamasına rağmen stulpje translated, the amount of rent has been claimed.
After an investigation was launched on His Mind up, don't mind as a result of the report, the stock market and a former president, Hassan Mustafa Vural Ferat Muammar Industrlous Adana trade has been arrested.
Fethullah Gülen and the mind of don't mind, including former Adana Metropolitan deputy mayor under arrest for five years in prison sentences ranging between 5 35 17 defendants, prosecutors opened a case to the 2nd Criminal Court.
While all the defendants don't accept the charges the defendants arrested in the end of the trial court and judicial control all the ban have been evacuated abroad.
Property was confiscated assets to
The court the defendant in the case with Fethullah Gülen, the number one and it is so overwhelmed about Omar Jamal, Ikemal Elibal a-wohl Ekinci, a warrant to arrest the çıkardı.
But the four accused the court decided not to be done for the elusive and fugitive a-wohl procedures.
It failed to ensure that the case in court on the rights to stay in a foreign country, and therefore can't have access to the situation on the run for his part, it is so overwhelmed, Ikemal Elibal Cemal and Omer Ekinci Fethullah Gülen criminal procedure act in accordance with article 278/1 (CM) decided to hand all his assets.
The court's decision in Turkey, and the estates of the defendants a-wohl together air transportation, and they're going to take any of the Army-Navy club in a safe deposit box and existing shares, which the company, precious, it's been frozen bank accounts.
Arslan was arrested a member of the MLKP turban
Eating at the back door when the police want to run away from Aksaray, caught by a member of a terrorist organisation, has been arrested after his testimony in court in Adana Serpil Arslan, illegal.
Arslan went to the courthouse wearing headscarves to remain anonymous, chanting slogans.
Adana Police Department and intelligence directorates anti-terrorist branch membership about the decision to arrest three separate teams of up to a terrorist organisation, the lion's fault, he went to Aksaray bulunan Serpil has determined.
Last contact with the police for arrest of Adana, Aksaray Police Department has instructed Serpil lion.
The police acted on instructions to avoid detection of a lion in a restaurant wearing headscarves, Serpil last Aksaray eating detected.
Teams entering The Restaurant, the police who wanted to escape and return to the back door, noticed a lion.
Out of the back door, a lion was captured by anti-terror police from Scotland Yard Serpil Aksaray.
Adana police headquarters after his testimony at Serpil Lion he was transferred to a court.
The medical examiner's office for health control unit, brought into the lion wanted to throw Serpil slogan.
The lion's mouth to the woman tried to stop the police.
Arslan was arrested and taken to the courthouse, sent to prison.
The judge and prosecutor in Antalya province, 12 of 24 people in custody
12 judges and prosecutors as part of the PD in Antalya fetö / investigation, including 24 people were taken into custody.
Teams are in custody rights, trafficking and organised crime branch police headquarters in the 15 judges and prosecutors have detained 12 of the decision.
Work continues to capture the other three judges and prosecutors.
Chief Prosecutor Hasan Þahin The Sarıoğlu akseki between detainees taking part in.
As part of the investigation is in the Sand County about 12 of 24 people on the arrest warrant has been taken into custody.
A businessman who served in schools and teachers of fetö suspects detained has been identified as that.
As part of the investigation is continuing to capture the other 12 people in work.
Erzzurum Gülen's nephew arrested
The terrorist organization (fetö) detained by police in Erzurum province, the fethullahists fethullahçıs Abdullah Ranger Gülen's nephew was arrested.
Anti-terror police directorate teams organized by the police department on August 9 coup attempt in the operation's nephew, said Abdullah Ranger Fethullah Gülen detained as part of the investigation is completed in the early hours of yesterday evening after he was transferred to a court.
Fethullah Gülen and his sister's son, Abdullah, who has a special foreign language school in the district attorney's office and demand the arrest of ranger after his testimony was transferred to the criminal court.
The court, sent to prison on charges of "FETÖ terrorist organization" by arresting him, Abdullah Ranger.
1 killed, police killed two PKK
In Nusaybin conflict: 1 killed, police killed two PKK
A police vehicle in Mardin's Nusaybin district PKK terrorists who patrol in the shooting by a police officer became a martyr.
The PKK, 2 dead in a shoot-out was captured.
The County on May 27 Selahattin eyyübiler to Chinatown Street mosque today at a police vehicle on patrol near the barracks who opened fire by 0700 sıralarda PKK terrorists.
One police officer in the car in the attack became a martyr.
The PKK terrorists teams dispatched to the scene police blocked kaçmasını çevreyi siege.
2 terrorist dead in a shoot-out with guns were recovered.
Security forces continue operation in the area.
A police officer in Nusaybin martyr
In Mardin's Nusaybin district patrol vehicle in a police officer shooting a police officer who was martyred by the PKK.
Two PKK were killed in combat.
Mardin's Nusaybin district in the barracks on May 27 banned olmayan Saladin eyyübiler to quarter street patrol near the mosque to a police vehicle was attacked by PKK 0700 a.m. today at the time.
Police patrol car in an alley, the PKK ambushed geçerken fire took hold.
The first to be a martyr in the car at the scene, while one police officer who shot a number of special operations police dispatched.
The mosque and the PKK and security forces surrounding the barracks in the shoot-out between the two dead as the PKK, with their weapons were recovered.
In the region continued the operation.
The loose control father-in-iaw Öksüz was Fair
The fetö terrorist organization öksüz was sitting in the county Fair, "Air Force Imam" judicial control with the condition of Sakarya the EC doctor and his wife and father-in-law Hadeeja Lightning Bolt Of Lightning Jawad was released.
Air Force Base after attempting a coup at the Raiders yakalanan assist. Dr. Fair will be released, while öksüz sevk edildiği adliye search continues.
The last county Fair before he went AWOL öksüz was sitting at Sakarya nın the EC father-in-iaw 'ın yanına whoo-oo-oo Jawad lightning detected.
Öksüz was Fair "34 Sir 49" was found in the garage automobile license plates, your father-in-law's house.
As part of the investigation has been taken into custody yesterday Hadeeja Lightning Bolt Of Lightning Jawad and his wife.
Jawad Lightning Hadeeja Lightning and his wife he was transferred to a court.
The night hours in court if he was released to judicial control, and his wife and Lightning Jawad Hadeeja Lightning.
In a new commission denetimi controversial asset fund
Turkey, which is expected to be among the world's largest fund of funds being quietly removed the bag on his objections.
You don't have that discussion of the new supervisory mechanism of the fund has been decided but no değişiklik yapılması again due to the commission also discussed.
Turkey's AKP and CHP MP, assessing the presence of legislation to fund the plan and budget committee member Utku çakıröz is sozcu.com.tr, "state-owned entities, the proletariat, employees will be taken away from zorunluğu pension cuts, the unemployed collected unemployment fund that will be composed of constitutional structure, we absolutely refuse to outside monitoring mechanisms," he said.
The government's investment fund set up in order to fund long-term projects, and the opposition should be discussed in the direction of the law also offer Turkey views as out of the omnibus bill on Tuesday.
But today the same as it is brought back to the AKP offer plan and budget commission.
CHP member of parliament and budget commission Plan eskiþehir anxiety and concerns about the law, CHP MP, Utku çakıröz is being proposed to fund told sozcu.com.tr.
Çakıröz is, "This fund kurulması plan and budget komisyonu omnibus bill when it came in, the CHP's delegation in the former finance minister Zechariah temizel on, anxiety and concerns expressed, suggested that the law also offer a detailed account of the bag and chambers."
The bill was pulled back the government to accept that view.
The bill came to the commission the same way again yesterday.
"The government insists that in a week removed from parliament," he said.
That is supposed to be a compromise to fund law çakıröz is, "This law in the US offer our biggest concern is the outrageous."
"It's in the public domain the assets, the proletariat, employees will be taken away from zorunluğu pension cuts, the unemployed collected unemployment fund will consist of revenues, privatisation of the revenues, parliament and one that doesn't have any responsibility being transferred out of control and unregulated by the court structure," he said.
This kind of funds from the Gulf States and Russia, China and the surplus oil revenues are established, and the funds that trade is in this way, "but we are in deficit savings." çakıröz is financed
That's why the fund will consist of public resources, money, so the public.
The total 100 billion to fund unemployment, workers with offended to be transferred money from the privatisation of the 100 billion individual pension fund, is scheduled to 50 billion.
"So completely with public money that will be composed and don't need to make sure that money to fund public denetiminde irresponsible," he said.
The fund's assets belong to the state capital in the state's resources, gathered outside parliament as a guarantee of the law, stressing that a proposal being unacceptable denetimi çakıröz is anxiety and concerns about fund şöyle told us:
The existence of such a big public spending, business and operations on behalf of the public, the audit, just not be dismissed for an independent audit companies be credited.
Public transport will have to be a transparent and structure.
The law's provisions on transparency, being offered and no constitutional institutions denetimi fund.
Not a restriction on how much resource to be transferred.
No one to ask about how the funds were used this account.
The fund is shown as a justification for the purpose of funding major projects.
I don't need to establish a fund supervision outside of the budget for it.
Why you don't get into the budget?
Like this in mind when it comes naturally, "and why of parliamentary oversight of numerous get out?" The question is. "
Fund transfers of money, but they're not against it in the presence of investments, is that they are against having çakıröz is not transparent vermeyen mechanisms account added: "That's what needs to fund a questionable."
But he insists on it, then this sort of investment funds, if the government was formed in Turkey in other countries to ensure we have to apply current international standards.
There should be made in a way to control and responsibility getirildiği mechanism.
The hearsay won't be used on her own money to pay every penny, in a way to account should be formed.
They are definitely the way the Law Commission's proposal to fund presence underlined that, "especially the AKP çakıröz is July 15 coup attempt in Parliament, we're delighted that after listening to our criticism."
We hope that the law in our criticism constructive offer and the AKP's ear.
The national assets, which is used as a transfer rules, that we are against using public inspectn olmamasına olmasına and irresponsible.
"If it could be useful to sate these concerns, however, fund asset," he said.
The law work towards reconciliation between AKP and the opposition on the proposal was made.
"We trust we have heard of investments made to Turkey"
Speaking at a meeting in Istanbul, board president of Ford's automotive Ali coach, "the last five years we've done in a sign of trust we have heard 30 billion Turkish Liras, invest in our country's future," he said.
Deputy chairman, Koç Holding, and a number of Ford Motor Company executive, board President Ali Coach in foreign organised by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) "same people who put their trust in Turkey, in Turkey at the meeting titled" came together.
Speaking at a meeting Ali coach, "with our partners and our country that is our faith and confidence in just a promise to make our investments and actions that we don't, we're filling up with gold."
In the last five years we've done our country's future, an investment trust we have heard 30 billion Turkish Liras göstergesi.
The Turkey indispensable to absorb more foreign investment issues; a fair and reliable legal system, a democracy, entrepreneurship, innovation and research and development workforce in the international standards, quality and value added that encourage an ecosystem where.
Our government incentives in the last few years, the most comprehensive history of the Republic of industrialists sundu.
"I believe that the incentives and holistic strategies and we need a new" investment we can start the move "used his statement.
Siemens Industry and Commerce Chairman and CEO of Turkey gelişli Hussein, "No it's just one of the country as we know that global players, not the problem."
We came at a glance long-term to Turkey.
If we are in unity and solidarity to our problems are solved.
We don't we get to this country, Turkey, 100 years ago.
We will continue to make these areas in Turkey.
"We're going to set up factories in this area, of course, but we should all be on the horizon," he said.
Turkey's priority for their own country, President of Turkey Ahmet Erdem said it was one of 10 countries shell, "one of 10 countries, Turkey is a priority for Shell."
And we sincerely believe Turkey's future potential.
At first, we invested in many areas including energy, and we continue to do.
Our president, president of international investors and say thank you for supporting their work.
International investors are being carried out work for the trust.
"In this direction will increase competitiveness of our country," he said.
Sandoz / Novartis Turkey and the Middle East, and the president of the region, "Dr. Altan iron on August 10 Turkey was the future global CEO."
But travel has been postponed.
So we came out against it.
The CEO's arrival because it was very important.
They were like, a bulletproof car demands protection.
When you come here and saw everything was normal.
In the car and left guard and a happy way back to the old country.
Invest in a country, similar to marriage.
First, if everything goes the way I can Be Engaged by a long-term plan and if you get married.
We are married with Turkey and we really don't want to get a divorce.
From the Brink is turned.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, a Swiss hotel room in Istanbul industry by the "same people who put their trust in Turkey in Turkey," he said, with consultation on a teleconference meeting attended by business people
Turkey's prime minister expressed throughout the industrial sector, the comparison to the sector to provide "Industry 4.0, and we need to miss in transition to'sanayi."
"Our country, and high value-added iocomotive 2023 targets to catch up with care and industrial revolution, information and technology revolution in this together, we need to achieve that," he said.
July 15 from the brink of going on a big night, adding that Turkey's prime minister, Yildirim said, adding "our country's future free, democracy to destroy the tourismindustry, veteran our council coventrize even who you bastards, if they succeed, we were talking about today was another turkey."
The world have been removed from the middle of the national will, possessed with the management and developing countries of the league we were going to talk about a third world countries, fell in Turkey.
"Thank God, our nation with our commander-in-chief, Mr. President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan's integrity and commitment our government we did get rid of this mess," he said.
Prime Minister Yildirim added: "This incident immediately in front of US influence and we'll see."
All the time, we'll never live with the coup and is never right.
We have very ambitious goals in front of us.
Turkey coup attempt that shook the economy.
Chaos and crisis was wrong once again those who wait.
Today our democracy and our economy and is sacred.
Our banking sector, our financial sector continues to work in a healthy way.
In 2015, foreign trade deficit fell 25 per cent looks like.
Current account deficit of 5.8 per cent in 2014, when the national income ratio has dropped to 4.5 in 2015, in this situation.
In the end of this year we aim to drop to four.
We will never change our position in the tight public finances.
The country's national income on Turkey's 2016 budget was 130 more.
The budget deficit of 11 percent of national income on the level of 1.3 percent in 2015, and we are trying to protect this rates dropped.
In public debt, we're in better shape than many countries in the world from the EU.
We work in banking, financial sector continues to firm ground.
"The central bank foreign exchange market and our reserves didn't need to on July 15 despite a decrease in any way, it's not about to give over $121 billion in gross reservat" we have used a statement.
The economic development and increase production to create new employment areas, every facility that will provide prime minister, Yildirim said, "and retrospective charges you for your rescue we're doing a comprehensive regulations."
Unpaid tax debt cases more than a new stock of amnesty and keep its life, we spent a lot of editing ease the installments until we continue to spend.
"You for the country, keep it flowing, your country to continue, you and your government will continue to remove the obstacles in front of you individually," he said.
High sugar Hakan şükür's father was taken to hospital
In an operation against the fetö terrorist organization / the PD detained as part of Sakarya Hakan şükür "reputation during his interrogation was taken to hospital as a result of low blood sugar spike sermet şükür, Dad.
Prosecutor's office on July 15 coup attempt by the PD in Sakarya / fetö terrorist organization, which was launched after former National footballer and as part of the operation as a father last night about catching Hakan Şükür Sermet Şükür were removed.
Today, after Friday prayers at the event, the father of feeling ill during his testimony Hakan şükür sermet şükür, detained in hospital.
Sugar is the result of higher education and research hospital in Sakarya Şükür Sermet hospitalized treatment continues.
Not giving up from the European Union from the West, Turkey
Mehmet Simsek: Not giving up from the European Union from the West, Turkey
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek and Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekçi technology industry, Science Minister Faruk concise, organised by the Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ISO) "same people who put their trust in Turkey in Turkey, entitled" attended the meeting.
Speaking at the Industrial Science and Technology Minister Faruk concise, "July 15 in the night and then I think that the result of developments in a lot of good."
This is the most important, no doubt Turkey's deeply felt all right now is the spirit of unity and solidarity.
July 15 how much democracy in Turkey's economy has showed how strong dynamics we internalize society.
"The economy and democracy and democracy that the level of captured a society that for the better it is clear after the process easier and quicker to move forward," he said.
"We need Turkey's heartache survivor"
The July 15 coup attempt on the stand in the world of pithy farrouhk Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekçi, who were forced to tell about it as the government declared the campaign, he said.
The banks and interest in the last period started Zeybekçi discounts to 63.4% and said, "I'm the first five yüzünün karının real sector interest going, we should all of our business that we should concentrate on our job."
This job for him coming back to our president is saying.
July 15, real industry, politics, banking system, the government of Turkish democracy and cooperation with Turkey after the revolution, showing civilian politics needs to be rid of this ordeal.
We welcome the developments in the last time about it.
"I hope in the next period of banks, our president by launching a zero percent nine, eight down the right that we're going to be supporting this economic governance, sustainability, as the competition hope," he said.
"We're going to have green passports, exports order"
"We're going to be in the period ahead, we won scoop of the world," said Nihat Zeybekçi, "our president, Prime Minister in the lead in the world, we went we're not going to leave the country, we will leave no stone unturned."
We're not going to leave by increasing trade with the one we didn't come into contact with.
"We're not going to ignore it and never, never. A bird in hand, we're not going to be in pursuit of the birds, "he said.
At a later date, adding that exporters will be also Zeybekçi green passport, "the final decisions are one of his law and regulations at the moment we finished in the economy ministry, came out; Exporters have approximately the first rakamlar itibariyle 17 and 20 thousand civardaki exporter exporter privileged representing this country, we're going to give the green card "used his statement.
"Those who need to be wiped out in the coup attempt"
July 15 coup attempt and then Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek and Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek, referring to state of emergency declared in an attempt to describe his "nightmare" coup "but in the past, now that we need to look ahead," he said.
State of emergency was declared two simple reasons söyleyen lightning, "that is, of course, don't think of what goes on in there that needs to be eliminated from the state of the coup attempt, and that it's all in the process. But a more important than this kind of coup attempts to avoid facing administrative reforms was supposed to be serious. "
This is a need for climate and administrative reforms, as a state of emergency was declared so far there have been very serious structural reforms.
"We all this while of course democratic principles and we moved in we will continue to state law," he said.
Back to normal in many areas of life, not the slightest don't worry corporations and individuals who express why lightning stressed that there are no financing of terrorism.
Turkey's democracy, "I think cemented the foundations of democracy in Turkey, voicing sağlamlaştığını Lightning Because when you look at the origins of the problems in the recent past, you see that it's always this betrayal in the business network.
"So this terror organisation from the government will strengthen Turkey's democracy in Turkey, this year to clean up close," he said.
Foundation of the economy overall was solid again and not wasting any time they went back to normal lightning, that their agenda of structural reform "agenda, there are fundamental structural reforms progress in returning to Turkey."
If you don't already no structural reforms. Because populism, protectionism is growing in the world.
"But only Turkey can pave the way to the future and reform," he said.
Finally, from western Turkey lightning, stressing that they "might be time to time, with Western allies disagree with our friends in Turkey; Turkey, from the European Union but not from the West give up, "he said.
and just jumped out to sea from 25 yards.
Flagstaff Hill, 17-year-old Tayyar, Of Damascus in Antalya, 25 feet up in the air from the cliffs as' Eagle dive head-first into the sea when it's been called in the hospital.
A flag on the beach with friends earlier in the evening, after floating konyaaltı variants Tayyar, Of Damascus known as the "Eagle Hill" under 25 feet into the sea from cliffs in headfirst.
The professional swimmer "from the impact of the water c-spine incindi., Which Does Tayyar, a flag
In the sea to move again, like the swimmer to shore by his own professional complicacy çeken a flag was removed.
Paramedics arrived on the scene reported intervention, Education and Research Hospital in an ambulance took a flag after Antalya yı Tayyar, Of Damascus.
The treatment of a flag that was in danger of life.
A friend of a flag who gave testimony to the police, "her neck when she jumped at that from the top of Mount Eagle incindi."
"We didn't think it would be like this," he said.
For the 25 dead.
The province of Hatay, Reyhanli Cilvegozu border gate at the County about 10 miles away to Syria's Idlib province in residential neighborhoods, who was shot down by regime planes ndaki poundtown rolls on.
25 people have died in the attack, local sources, reported that 40 people were injured.
The Bab Al Cilvegozu border gate near the Syrian border crossing in front of the joint control of the air and lunch in the county in two separate air attack by regime planes in the hours I was held.
Local sources, planes and 25 people have died in the air strike targeting residential areas, he said.
The voices of the explosion was heard from 40 people were injured in the attack in Reyhanli, while increasing the number of dead arecommunicated is feared.
President Erdogan, Kaya Yok membership chose me.
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, higher education board (Yok) membership of the Finance Ministry H. Abdullah rock yı chose.
"Our president, Mr. Syed Ahmed, said in a statement from the presidency due to higher education law, the resignation of higher education board membership was the 56th sayılı 2547 ejaculator B/1 under Article 6 of the Finance Ministry H. Abdullah rock yı they chose, "it said.
Meanwhile, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, "the international labour laws" Nu approved sayılı 6735.
In a statement from the presidential press center, "" The international labour law "sayılı 6735 our president by the Constitution 89 10th Clause first joke and 104 'üncü second statement was sent for publication in accordance with clause (a) as prime minister," it said.
The priest died in an armed attack on two brothers
Adiyaman's "the priest at the county, an armed attack in the car, two brothers who lost their lives.
The incident occurred on the street, Mustafa Kemal in the evening hours.
The 39-year-old heading into town on the board of directors Karahanli Ramadan, with a pistol by an unidentified person plates 02 KH 839 car opened fire.
The fire, hitting another vehicle lost control on the board of directors Karahanli stopped the car.
In the meantime, the person who came to the car, and his 50-year-old brother, Omar to karahanli Ramadan Karahanli fired in a row.
If, on a motorcycle from the scene were injured during heavy Karahanli brothers, the attacker ran away.
On the scene reported the police and paramedics being dispatched.
The priest has been rushed to hospital by ambulance Karahanli brothers were severely wounded, the state.
Despite all medical efforts in the emergency room treatment and Ramadan Karahanli alınan Omar was never recovered.
The bodies of two brothers came to the morgue for autopsy to be examining CCTV security cameras, while in the region of the incident and determined the assailant's identity for capture of the police, who started work.
Britain and the Olympic spirit should be channelled to expand Heathrow
Not only in our local communities in London, Heathrow and renewal and prosperity in the country can offer.
I think it's all nations and regions we showed incredible effort to benefit from the Games in 2012 in London Heathrow as it is going to make a very attractive.
For the Olympics, made the great perks of Stratford, East End.
And we're going to do it again by creating opportunities for local people and companies close to Heathrow.
Only our local communities to work around the airport will create a new 40.000 and 10.000 new internship for young unemployed, we're not.
London Heathrow expansion, as in the struggle before 2012, more people who think it's hard to come out.
Britain and the whole world to me we were told that we were gonna get creeaamed hazırlanamayacağı never games.
Those who doubt they were wrong about Heathrow in 2012 and was wrong to be seen.
Every time, answering all questions to overcome obstacles, however, Heathrow would be asked.
A lot of people, not only a few people in the Olympics as an infrastructure project for Heathrow.
New 180.000 and £211 billion to expand opportunity and economic growth, job creation and the United Kingdom and around the airport usually leave a lot of skill and job opportunity.
From Heathrow T5 (in a row the world's best airport terminal was chosen for five years), the world's most intense time for the runway in T2 to two and a £11 billion worth of infrastructure investment in the budget we have a great team has adopted.
Supported by £16 billion worth of private investment, now we are prepared to offer a third runway.
London 2012 Games, and it was a huge success for the United Kingdom and I have no doubt that you will be expansion Heathrow.
This is an Olympic spirit and we negotiate our future expansion of Heathrow would be proud of Britain by channeling a lot of commercial skills and job opportunity came when our creation.
Lord Paul Deighton, commercial secretary to the Treasury Department and the chairman of Heathrow
Adblock Plus, about blocking ads on Facebook "like game of cat and mouse"
Ad blocking software software for companies making money off ads online, according to one of the companies "cat-and-mouse" attempts to block a little bit.
Facebook's desktop ad blockers on the site, on Thursday announced it would block ads, Adblock Plus users in just two days later in the social network filters to prevent söyleyen can update published a blog post.
On Tuesday it was about to make it difficult to determine what part of the page, Facebook, advertising antimagic commercial advertising will change the code in the area, he said.
But now Adblock says new codes are solved.
Spokesman Ben Williams, AdBlock in a blog post, "open source ads obstruction, with the people of these prevent employees between the time it takes a back and forth since the invention of the struggle to avoid publicity," he wrote on Facebook and it's possible to produce its own solution any time soon.
This is the world's largest social media company, shows how big a concern for the commercial sector antimagic battle gave birth.
Adobe and Pagefair did last year, according to a study of nearly 200 million people globally using ad blocker. This kind of software that uses four times the number of people in 2013.
Facebook daily active users accessing Facebook mobile devices and mobile ads now 1.03 billion 84 per cent of its commercial income to develop.
A spokesman for the social network Facebook, according to a mobile ad blockers on the desktop and mobile apps without ads on Instagram after the company effective antimagic has fallen.
Facebook still worth investing in a move that you've seen this kind of desktop ads must be in position to give sufficient income.
Also on Tuesday so that they can control them better people, Facebook will update ads offered "ad preferences" aracını explained.
On Thursday, Facebook, the new Adblock site content filters to prevent it, except for a part of an ad in the alarming claims.
A Facebook spokesman, in a statement by Email that "these people don't have a good experience and we're planning to take care of this problem," he said.
Ad blockers to give people control a vehicle was blunt, that's why we're focused on creating tools like ad preferences.
A woman running into Swiss highway; an apparent suicide
The victim was lying on the highway in the middle of the night.
It seems like a suicide, the police in the early hours of the vehicle on the highway on Thursday, the woman hit by a few people looking for witnesses.
The incident near Morges in the canton Vautrin, just after midnight on Thursday that occurred at A1.
In a statement, Vautrin police woman in the dark of night sleeping on the ground and hit a couple of the vehicle "in a desperate way," he said.
The Swedish woman who clearly want to kill himself in the truck hit several vehicles, including 49 years old.
He lost his life at the scene.
But a few of the drivers involved in the incident, the police did not identify them and discussed with some of them wanted to apply to everyone involved and expressed.
Le Tribune de Gilles hoffstetter, a lawyer to Geneva "situations like this to be opened a criminal prosecution as" reasonable "steps" were found in a statement.
But it is not yet known, won't face any charges, and with the drivers involved.
It was possible to avoid a collision?
The prosecutor to determine this, "he said, hoffstetter.
The two similar cases in the last five years in charge, shows the drivers would be unpopular.
In both cases in the paper (both in the dark one person was contained to the runway), a pedestrian crossing against the drivers on the highway in the middle of the night is normal wouldn't have to wait sentenced.
Last year, a night in August 2014 caused the death of a man lying on the A1 near share negligence and wrongful death in terms of giving a police officer was found not guilty.
He was drunk and passed out on the way, the 22-year-old victim in a court statement said.
The court, an emergency call in a reasonable way to respond to a man in the way the police officer's vehicle and used to be "a situation completely exceptional and unpredictable," said.
Anyone with information about this incident, which took place near Morges on Thursday, at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 from the phones should seek the police.
NASA climate model: Venus was fit to live once
New climate model conditions suitable for life on Venus, NASA estimates that there was a time.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, climate scientists have developed a model using similar tools and algorithms used to discover his past Venus.
That doesn't involve hot water and CO2, surface, Venus, a model with a time when the world to determine whether similar conditions to host full with the atmosphere was designed.
Scientists in the past to explain the low rate of rotation, with the atmosphere was thick layer of Venus.
However, the new estimates still has an atmosphere like Earth and Venus may have been thin, suggests you might be able to come slowly.
Former model looked topographical and Venus.
If the current dry zone in the world of the planet more than enough to vaporize water and geographic fluidity and quick once may have had to protect against.
In the same time, 30 per cent more in a dimly lit old Venus, was to take advantage of the sun.
Scientist Anthony del Genio, hide in a news bulletin "Secret model to simulate the Venus slow curve every time he makes it to be facing the sun for nearly two months of the day," he said.
In the sun's surface, warming the surface layers of thick cloud that acts like an umbrella to protect against warming caused by the rain clearing a path.
As a result, in our day the Earth was just a few degrees colder than average temperatures from climate was unfolding.
Venus, planet evolution model, suggesting establishment of a similar story for scientists as a hypothesis made before.
Although conditions suitable for life once, Venus would have a lot of heat and ultraviolet light in the process a few billion years old have been exposed.
Vaporized the oceans have been burned to death with ultraviolet light and water vapor.
Greenhouse gas carbon dioxide and hydrogen exhausted just behind a thick atmosphere of the deadly impact now; So as we know today, Venus.
Researchers shared the results of the new climate model malloseismic research articles, Venus.
Patrick Roy, Avalanche antenörlüğünden resigned
Patrick Roy, the team aren't allowed to talk about the decision-making process, and vice president of hockey operations said on Thursday by Colorado Avalanche coaching resigned.
Executive vice president / general manager Joe sakichi, Colorado approved a new coach immediately and this development will start looking for the club, he said.
Roy, 50 years old in the statement "for the past three years, Colorado Avalanche at the head coach and vice president of hockey operations, energy, passion and determination I fulfilled my duties," he said.
During the summer, with more depth in this team needs a higher level and how long I thought how could I could fix.
To achieve this vision of hockey operations in a perfect fit with the organisation's vision and VP coach has to be.
Have a say in decisions affecting his performance in the team also needs to be.
This is not yet met conditions in the current situation.
Roy Roy with the team on 23 May 2013, sakichi thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick made me decide today," sakichi said.
And thank him for everything he's done for our organization and we wish him good luck in the future.
In the first season as the best coach in the league in 2013-14, with Roy, the Jack Adams Award spotted-b.
The club and league first team to finish the period of the playoffs, but he made 112 points in the first round, lost to Minnesota, Colorado and missed games every two years after the season.
The Western Conference and second in the avalanche in 2015-16, it's been to target 39 39 4 ajoker took just five points.
Two Montreal Canadian for the Hall of Fame goalie Roy, both won four Stanley Cup, especially for the Avalanche.
The North Sea oil workers suspend strike talks continue
The North Sea oil workers strike for a new round of talks negotiators and the fee has been suspended due to start discussions.
Oil field services company Wood Group to strike against Royal Dutch Shell is being staged in the North Sea platforms operated by the gradual.
In a joint statement, "Wood Group to unite and emo unions to resolve the current dispute process, we decided to start again as a" statement said.
The next few weeks, next week to adopt a new perspective from the beginning of the problems we're going to have a series of meetings all day long.
Trade unions, to 30 percent to protest against wage cuts of 25 years since it was the first actions, he said.
Wood Group, this year due to the negative market pressures in the North Sea, approximately 9 per cent cut in payments contractor did.
This fee in the process to reduce the company in 2014 after contractor applied price reductions in 10 per cent.
The introduction of additional cuts, the company, he said he'd get to the company for the troubled period in the market.
Shell, British energy company BG Group merger with thousands of people in the process in order to get out of business operations in the country, and when you put oil and gas operations in the direction 10 announced plans to leave.
Britain's separation from the European Union in June, energy companies gave birth to a decision that the low crude oil prices due to an economic situation gold pressure.
Jock Dave Anderson, a member of parliament with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss conflicts with one of the biggest in the North Sea workers.
She said, the North Sea, as it is vital to regional economy.
In a statement of his own, "North Sea and across the country for the economy isn't effective because we need a majority minority," he said.
The average approximately $7 billion investment in the last five years, despite $1.4 billion in 2016, less investment in new projects in the North Sea is expected to be done.
The team measured the speed of the stars in the Pleiades star, Kepler
The Kepler Space Telescope, astronomers with the Pleiades constellation of stars in the last mission in terms of ability to create the most complete catalogue helped speeds.
New data, astronomers in the constellation of stars and planet formation is going on to be understood why the return of interest with variable speed helps.
A research scientist at Caltech in Pasadena's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center Luisa rebull, a news bulletin on the "results of our star clusters and when we compare, a star mass, age and even in the solar system, we're hoping the ability to learn more information about the relationship between the past," he said.
445 of the world, the Pleiades constellation light years away.
125 million years ago and formed new stars in the constellation of reaching the level of new adult.
They return to the best possible life at high speed.
The stars in this phase of growth in the top speeds, a large amount of star represents the wind.
This represents a break in the effect on older stars in the magnetic fields of stars.
The older you get a star turn rate starts to fall.
Like the sun spots can be a star, Kepler rate of rotation every difference between watching the measure marks a star appearance.
The latest speeds faster than the stars more massive stars, small forward's back catalogue underway.
On one leg of the big stars like dancers, rebull returns carried out a little more slowly than those expressed in the way.
Rebull, "Pleiades'balesinde" slow returned much more heavy, fast, we see the stars of the returnees is so light, "he said."
The speed of the Pleiades star constellation of qualities and was close to ideal for the return of a cosmic laboratory mission.
Rebull "Pleiades constellation, young and old provides theoretical models for their return as star in both directions," he said.
The speed of the stars and how and why, when he fell into a corner, so to speak if "your dancing shoes," there's a lot of things we wanted to know about why they left.
And his colleagues about the Pleiades constellation rebull speeds will be published in the Journal of the new analysis in detail in the three new kısa süre içinde astronomy explained.
